BEFORE THEN
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
PAETEC iTEL, L.L.C., Applicant )
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering ) WC Docket No. 20-
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF PAETEC iTEL, L.L.C. FOR
INTERCONNECTED VOIP NUMBERING AUTHORIZATION
PAETEC iTEL, L.L.C. (“Windstream IPES”), is a provider of interconnected voice over
internet protocol (“iVoIP”) service, and files this application with the Federal Communications
Commission (the “Commission”) for authorization to acquire telephone numbers directly from the
North American Numbering Plan Administrator and the Pooling Administrator (the “Numbering
Administrators”) pursuant to Commission rule section 52.15(g)(3).1
In support of its Application, Windstream IPES provides the following information:
1. Company Information.
Address: 4001 N. Rodney Parham Road, Little Rock, AR 72212
General corporate telephone number: (501) 748-5000.
For purposes of this Application, inquiries pertaining to issues associated with 9-1-1, law
enforcement, and general compliance with Commission rules can be directed to Carol
Keith, Deputy General Counsel, by telephone at (847) 550-4433 or by electronic mail at
carol.keith@windstream.com or Nicole Winters, Counsel II, by telephone at (501) 748-
6313 or by electronic mail at nicole.winters@windstream.com.
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3).
1

2. Acknowledgements.
Windstream IPES acknowledges that:
a. grant of the authorization sought by this Application is subject to compliance with
applicable Commission numbering rules, numbering authority delegated to the States, and industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering as applicable to telecommunications carriers; and
b. it must file requests for numbers with the relevant State commissions at least thirty
(30) days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
3. Service Readiness.
a. Windstream IPES is capable of providing iVoIP service within sixty (60) days of the
numbering resources activation date in accordance with Commission Rule Section 52.15(g)(2)2
because its affiliates own and operate facilities for the provision of iVoIP services and it has
secured an agreement with at least one third party network provider to use their network.
Windstream IPES’ and its affiliates have provided iVoIP services for several years and continue
to provide those services. In addition to local voice and long distance services, Windstream
IPES’s iVoIP’s affiliates portfolio includes but is not limited to: Office Suite UC3 (a cloud-based
phone and unified communications system) and Dynamic IP4. Windstream IPES’ and its
affiliates contribute to the Universal Services Fund (“USF”) and Telecommunications Relay
Services Fund (“TRSF”) applicable to the provision of services. Such services are offered to
enterprise and medium size business customers via multiple sales channels, including its website
2 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(2).
3 Office Suite product and service information available at https://business.windstream.com/office-suite-uc#/
4 Dynamic IP product and service information available at https://windstreamenterprise.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/02/wol-guide-for-voip.pdf
2

at www.windstreambusiness.com.
b. Windstream IPES, via its affiliates, owns and operates some of the network facilities it
uses to serve its base of enterprise and mid-market business customers. In areas where neither
Windstream IPES or its affiliates own and operate the networks Windstream IPES has secured
an agreement with at least one third party for the use of their network. Numbers acquired directly
from the Numbering Administrators will be used for customers subscribing to the services
provided over these facilities. Windstream IPES is obtaining a separate operating company
number (“OCN”) for its iVoIP services and will use this OCN to acquire numbers for its iVoIP
services only, directly from the Numbering Administrators following grant of this Application.
Once this Application is approved, affiliates of Windstream IPES intend to transfer some
existing numbers to Windstream IPES.
4. Certifications.
Windstream IPES certifies to the following, as supported by the attached
certification of Tim Loken, Director – Regulatory Reporting:
a. Windstream IPES complies with its USF contribution obligations under
Commission Rule Part 54,5 its TRSF contribution obligations under Commission Rule Section
64.604(c)(5)(iii),6 its NANP and LNP administration contribution obligations under
Commission Rule Sections 52.17 and 52.32,7 its obligations to pay regulatory fees under
Commission Rule Section 1.1154,8 and its 911 obligations under Commission Rule Part 9.9.9
b. Windstream IPES possesses the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
5 47 C.F.R. Part 54, Subpart H.
6 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii).
7 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17, 52.32.
8 47 C.F.R. § 1.1154.
9 47 C.F.R. Part 9.
3

provide reliable iVoIP service. Windstream IPES is a wholly owned subsidiary of Windstream
Holdings II, LLC. The senior management of Windstream IPES has extensive experience in
the telecommunications industry and offers widespread telecommunications business,
technical and managerial expertise. Key management and technical personnel include, among
others:
Tony Thomas, President & Chief Executive Officer
Layne Levine, President – Enterprise
Ron “Buddy” Bayer – Chief Network Officer
Stephen Farkouh – Chief Information Officer
None of whom are currently or have previously been investigated by the Commission
or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
5. No party to the Application, as defined in Commission rule section 1.2002(b) is subject
to a denial of Federal benefits pursuant to section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988.
6. Pursuant to Commission Rule Section 52.l5(g)(3), Windstream IPES respectfully
requests the Commission authorize it to obtain numbering resources directly from the Numbering
Administrators.
Respect fully submitted,
PAETEC iTEL, L.L.C.
By:_____________________
Carol Keith
Deputy General Counsel
4001 N. Rodney Parham Road
Little Rock, AR 72212
847-550-4433
Carol.Keith@windstream.com
Dated: September 30, 2020
4

Certification of
Tim Loken, Director – Regulatory Reporting
I certify as follows:
My name is Tim Loken and my business address is 4001 N. Rodney Parham Road,
Little Rock, AR 72212. I am Director – Regulatory Reporting for Windstream Services II, LLC,
the parent company of PAETEC iTEL, L.L.C. (“Windstream IPES”). I am authorized to provide
this testimony on behalf of Windstream Services II, LLC and its subsidiary Windstream IPES.
In addition to local voice and long distance services, Windstream IPES will be capable
of providing interconnected VoIP service, including but not limited to services like Office Suite
UC (a cloud-based phone and unified communications system)10 and Dynamic IP11. Such services
are offered to enterprise and medium size business customers via multiple sales channels,
including its website at www.windstreambusiness.com.
1. Numbers acquired by authorization obtained through this application will be
put into use within sixty (60) days.
2. Windstream IPES will comply with its USF contribution obligations under
Commission Rule Part 54, its TRSF contribution obligations under Commission Rule
Section 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its NANP and LNP administration contribution obligations
under Commission Rule Sections 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory
fees under Commission Rule Section 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under
Commission Rule Part 9.9.
10 OfficeSuite UC product and service information available at https://business.windstream.com/office-suite-uc#/.
11 Dynamic IP product and service information available at https://www.windstreamenterprise.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/02/wol-guide-for-voip.pdf
5