INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTERCONNECTION,
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS, ANCILLARY SERVICES,
AND RESALE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
BETWEEN
Qwest Corporation
AND
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
For the State ofWashington
April 21,2010
Agreement Number
CDS-100422-0002

Section 1
General Terms
Section 1.0 - GENERAL TERIIS
1. 1 This Agreement for Interconnection, Unbundled Network Elements, ancillary
services, and resale of Telecommunications Services is between Neutral Tandem, Inc. (CLEC),
a Delaware corporation with offices at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois 60606
and Qwest Corporation (Qwest), a Colorado corporation with offices at 1801 California Street,
Denver, Colorado 80202, pursuant to Section 252(f) ofthe Telecommunications Act of 1996,for
purposes offulfilling Qwest's obligations under Sections 222, 251(a), (b), and (c),252, and other
relevant provisions ofthe Act and the rules and regulations promulgated there under.
1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.3 This Agreement sets forth the terms, conditions and pricing under which Qwest
will provide to CLEC network Interconnection, access to Unbundled Network Elements, ancillary
services, and Telecommunications Services available for resale within the geographical areas in
which Qwest is providing local Exchange Service at that time, and for which Qwest is the
incumbent Local Exchange Carrier within the State of Washington, for purposes of providing
local Telecommunications Services.
Intentionally Left Blank.
1.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.8 With respect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, Qwest has
negotiated the Agreement in its entirety, and the inclusion of any particular provision, or rate,
term and condition, is not evidence of the reasonableness thereof when considered apart from
all other provisions ofthe Agreement.
April 21,2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/WA/Agreement Number CDS-100422-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.1.3.4 It is the responsibility of either Party to inform its End User Customers of
service impacting impairment that may result in discontinuance ofservice as soon as the
Party receives notice ofsame.
5.1.4 Each Party is solely responsible for the services it provides to its End User
Customers and to other Telecommunications Carriers. This provision is not intended to limit the
liability ofeither Party for its failure to perform under this Agreement.
5.1.5 The Parties shall work cooperatively to minimize fraud associated with third-
number billed calls, calling card calls, and any other services related to this Agreement.
5.1.6 Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either Party from seeking to recover the
costs and expenses, if any, it may incur in (a) complying with and implementing its obligations
under this Agreement, the Act, and the rules, regulations and orders of the FCC and the
Commission, and (b) the development, modification, technical installation and maintenance of
any systems or other infrastructure which it requires to comply with and to continue complying
with its responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Qwest shall not assess any charges against CLEC for services, facilities, Unbundled Network
Elements, ancillary services and other related work or services covered by this Agreement,
unless the charges are expressly provided for in this Agreement. All services and capabilities
currently provided hereunder (including resold Telecommunications Services, Unbundled
Network Elements, UNE Combinations and ancillary services) and all new and additional
services or Unbundled Network Elements to be provided hereunder, shall be priced in
accordance with all applicable provisions of the Act and the rules and orders of the Federal
Communications Commission and orders ofthe Commission.
5.2 Term ofAgreement
5.2.1 This Agreement shall become effective on the date of Commission Approval.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties for a term of three (3)years and shall expire
on July 21, 2013.
5.2.2 Upon expiration of the term of this Agreement, this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect until superseded by a successor agreement in accordance with this Section
5.2.2. Any Party may request negotiation of a successor agreement by written notice to the
other Party no earlier than one hundred sixty (160) Days prior to the expiration of the term, or
the Agreement shall renew on a month to month basis. The date of this notice will be the
starting point for the negotiation window under Section 252 of the Act. This Agreement will
terminate on the date a successor agreement is approved by the Commission. However,
nothing relieves CLEC from fulfilling the obligations incurred under the prior Agreement.
5.3 Proof ofAuthorization
5.3. 1 Each Party shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining Proof of
Authorization (POA) as required by applicable federal and state law, as amended from time to
time.
5.3.2 The Parties shall make POAs available to each other upon request in the event
of an allegation of an unauthorized change in accordance with all Applicable Laws and rules
and shall be subject to any penalties contained therein.
April 21,2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/WA/Agreement Number CDS-100422-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010 29

Section 22
Signature Page
Section 22.0 - SIGNATURE PAGE
By signing below, and in consideration ofthe mutual promises set forth herein, and other good
and valuable consideration, the Parties agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in
this Interconnection Agreement.
Neutral Tandem, inc.
signature
Signature
David Tatak L.T. Christensen
Name Printed/Typed Name Printed/Typed
VP — Billin 8 Revenue Service Director — Wholesale Contracts
Title
Date
April 21,2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/WA/Agreement Number CDS-100422-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010 311