Service Exhibit
Host Switch and Transport Services
Under this Service Exhibit and the terms of the Master Services Agreement ('MSA') betrveen X5
OpCo, LLC. ('Customey'') and Inteliquent Inc. ("Canier") dated February 22,2016, Customer will
receive and Carrier will provide Host Switch and Transport Services (the "Services"). In the event of
a conflict between a tenn in this Service Exhibit and a term in the MSA, the term in this Service
Exhibit will govern with respect to the Services. The definitions in the MSA apply to any term that is
not defined in this Service Exhibit. This Service Exhibit is effective on February 22,2016 ("Effective
Date').
l. l.
List of market(s). Carrier will provide the Services in the LATAs set forth on Exhibit The
parties may add additional markets by executing "Seryice Orders" that set out by LATA the relevant
charges and any additional terms and conditions agreed to by the parties.
2.
The Services: and Certain Definitions.
2.1
For the purposcs of this Service Exhibit:
a.
"Host Switch" has the meaning defined in the next paragraph.
b.
"ILEC'means an Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier.
c.
"Inbound Traffic" means all inbound traffic terminating to Customer under this Agreement.
d.
"IXC'means an Inter-exchange Carrier
e.
"Local Traffrc" means calls that Carrier receives from the ILEC over its local tunks with the
applicable ILEC. o'Local Traffic" includes traffrc originating from a third pady that the ILEC
feats as local transit haffrc.
f.
"Local Transit Traf,fic" means calls that that Carrier receives over its local transit seryice
trunks from an On-net carrier. "Local Transit Traffic" excludes Local Traffic.
g.
"OfFnet carrief' or "Of[-net IXC carriet'' means a third party carrier to which Carrier is not
directly connected.
h. "On-net carrier" or "On-n€t IXC carrier" means a third party carrier to which Canier is
directly connected. In no event will the ILEC be an On-net carrier or On-net IXC carrier.
i. "Switched Access Traffic" means InterLATA or IntraLATA toll calls terminating to
Customer via Carrier's FGD tandem.
2.2
Customer may use Canier's interconnection trunks to the applicable ILECs by populating
Carrier's switch (the "Host S\uitch") as the 'Actu:d SW ID' in the LERG for Customer's NPA./IDO('s
for the purpose ofreceiving:
a.
Local Traffic originating fiom an ILEC subscriber; and
I
Confidential

b.
Local Traffic originating from a non-ILEC subscriber transited by the ILEC via the ILEC's
local fansit service.
2.3
Customer will receive from Carrier Local Transit Traffic that originates from Carrier's third
party provider customers and terminates to Customer via Carrier's tandem.
2.4 Customer will populate Carrier's access tandem as the originating and terminating FGD
Tandem for Customer's NPA./I{XX's so that Switched Access Traffic will be terminated from IXCs
via Carrier's access homing tandem service.
3.
Transport Services. Carrier will receive all Local Traffic, Local Transit Traffic and Switched
Access Traffic calls and transport such traffic'(the "Transport Service") to Customer using the
interconnection fasilities set out in Section 4.
4. Interconnection. The parties plan to connect using a public IP connection, If the parties
subsequently elect to interconnect using a GigE transport facility, Customer will pay Canier the
charges mutually agreed to by the parties in writing for such interconnection. Separate trunk groups
will be used for calls terminating to calling card applieations. Separate trunk groups will also be used
for any other service provided by Carrier, such as Carrier's DID service.
Customer will not send any outbound traffic under this Service Exhibit. Any outbound traffic must
be sent under a separate agreement using separate ffunk groups.
5. Term: Commencing on the date set forth underneath Customer's signahrre, the initial term of
this Agreement is one year. The term will automatically renew on a month to month basis, unless
terminated by written notice provided by either Party to the other no less than 90 days prior to the end
of the initial term or 30 days prior to any renewal term. Notwithstandirrg the foregoing, Customer
may terminate this Agreement on 30 days'notice if Carrier exercises its right to adjust the rates and
fees (as set forth in Section 6 or in Exhibit l).
6.
Monthly Charges. In exchange for the Services, Customer will pay the charges set forth on
l.
Exhibit Canier may adjust the prices by providing Customer with 60 day's prior written notice.
7. Customer Responsibilities. Customer will: (a) enter into and maintain an interconnection
agreement ("ICA') with the ILECs seruing the local calling area in which the Host Switch is located,
(b) meet all 9l I requirements, including 9l l interconnections or waivers, (c) meet any local number
porability (LNP/LRN) requirements, (d) obtain a POI CLLI (common language location identifier)
code in the serving LATA to home its NPANXX's, (e) populate Carrier's end-office switch in the
LERG as the 'Actual SW ID' for purposes of receiving Local Traffrc and Local Transit Traffic over
the ILEC interconnection trunks and populate Carrier's access tandem as the originating and
terminating FGD Tandem in the LERG with an effective date that has been agreed to by Carrier, and
(f) meet any other responsibility normally associated with operating as a facilities based local service
provider in the state in which the Host Switch is located.
Customer must also obtain and maintain LRN for delivery of 3d Parly Traffic to Customer in the
applicable market.
8. Carrier ResLonsibilities. If applicable, Carrier will provide Customer with a letter of
authorization (LOA) allowing Customer to use Carrier's Host Switch as the Actual Switch in the
LERG. Upon the completion of installation and testing of interconnection facilities and
2
Confidential

implementation of the Services using a Host Switch in a LATA, Carrier will notiff Customer, in
writing or email, that the Service is available for use.
9. Third Parties. Customer will not charge Carrier any amounts in connection with Local
Traffic, Local Transit Traffic and Switched Access Traffic or otherwise under this Service Exhibit.
Customer will be responsible for and indemni$ Carrier against any and all charges levied by any
third party telecommunications provider in connection with the Local Traffic, Local Transit Traffic
and Switched Access Traffic, including any intercarier compensation or termination charges.
Customer will be responsible for Carrier's expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and
expenses, incurred in successfully collecting any such amounts from Customer.
X5 OpCo, LLC
Name: Nathan Bledsoe
Title: CTO
Inteliquent, Inc. acceptance
signature:
3
Confidential