Before the
Public Version –
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Confidential
Washington, D.C. 20554
Information Excluded
In the Matter of Phone.com, Inc. )
) WC Docket No. 21-_____
Application For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF PHONE.COM, INC.
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
By this Application, Phone.com, Inc. (“Phone.com” or “Company”), an interconnected
Voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) provider, seeks to obtain direct access to numbering
resources from the North American Numbering Plan Administrator and the Pooling Administrator
(“Numbering Administrators”) pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules.1
Phone.com provides the following information in support of this Application:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Phone.com, Inc.
184 So. Livingston Ave. Suite # 9-222
Livingston , NJ 07039
Telephone: (877) 746-6310
Facsimile: (973) 577-6384
Website: www.phone.com
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Michael Robinson
VP Finance and Controller
Phone.com, Inc.
184 So. Livingston Ave. Suite # 9-222
Livingston , NJ 07039
Telephone: (877) 746-6310
Facsimile: (973) 577-6384
E-Mail: mrobinson@phone.com
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3).

B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Phone.com hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules, as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company
hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines
and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The numbering
resources that are the subject of this Application will be used to provide interconnected VoIP
services initially in California, and ultimately nationwide. Accordingly, to the extent required,
Phone.com requests the Commission grant it authority to obtain numbering resources in all states.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Phone.com acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Phone.com hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the
numbering resources activation date. Phone.com has agreements in place with nationally
recognized carrier partners that have interconnection agreements in effect with all relevant
incumbent local exchange carriers in order to route traffic. Copies of its agreements are attached
as Exhibit A to this Application. Phone.com respectfully requests that these agreements be
accorded confidential treatment pursuant to Section 0.459 of the Commission’s Rules.2 As Exhibit
B, Phone.com provides evidence of current interconnection agreements between its carrier partners
2 47 C.F.R. § 0.459. These agreements contain trade secret information that is not publicly
available, the disclosure of which would cause competitive and economic harm to Phone.com.

and incumbent local exchange carriers (“ILECs”).
In addition, the Company has a back-office support system with the ability to schedule and
process Local Number Portability (“LNP”) orders from customers, and has staff experienced in
handling LNP between itself and other carriers and interconnected VoIP providers.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Phone.com hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17 and 52.32,
its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 C.F.R. § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47
C.F.R. part 9.3
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
Phone.com certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, management team with substantial
experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient technical expertise and
infrastructure in place to provide reliable service.
Phone.com’s key management and technical personnel, along with their respective
experience, are identified in Exhibit C. None of the identified personnel are being, or have been,
investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply
with any law, rule, or order. Phone.com’s shareholder information is provided at Exhibit D.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Phone.com hereby certifies that no party to this Application is subject to a denial of Federal
3 Phone.com’s 499 Filer ID is 827009.

benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Phone.com will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this Application, and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes.4 Phone.com will also
furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when
requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Phone.com, Inc.
respectfully requests that the Commission grant this Application for authorization to obtain
numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
PHONE.COM, INC.
By:
Katherine E. Barker Marshall
Potomac Law Group, PLLC
1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Suite 700
Washington, DC 20004
Telephone: (202) 792-6422
E-mail: kmarshall@potomaclaw.com
Date: January 28, 2021
4 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(iv).

Exhibit A
Agreement with Underlying CLEC
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 0.459

Exhibit B
Interconnection Agreements
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 0.459

Exhibit C
Managerial Information
Phone.com’s key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the
identified personnel are being or have been investigated by the Commission or any law
enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
Ari Rabban, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
Co-Founder and CEO Ari Rabban is an IP communications industry veteran, with specific
expertise in the start-up environment, moving companies from concept to operation. He joins
Phone.com from Pulver Ventures, an incubator for new IT companies, where he served as
managing director and vice president. Previously, Rabban served as vice president of corporate
development and marketing for VocalTec Communications, the VoIP market pioneer and
developer of the first Internet phone. During his tenure at VocalTec he served as president of two
subsidiaries that were ultimately spun out: Surf and Call Solutions, one of the initial voice-
enhanced ecommerce solutions companies, and Truly Global Inc., a web based communications
service. Rabban joined VocalTec from Lucent Technologies. Frequently cited as a VoIP market
expert, Rabban has been involved with the Internet telephony industry from its very early days;
he has been widely quoted in trade publications and has been interviewed for media outlets
around the world. Rabban is also a member of the board of directors of the NJTC. Rabban
received an MBA from Carnegie-Mellon University; he also has a law degree and bachelors in
economics from Tel Aviv University. He practiced corporate law in Tel Aviv, Israel prior to his
arrival in the US. Preferred Return | Valuation of Phone.com, Inc.
Alon Cohen, Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
Executive VP and CTO Alon Cohen is an entrepreneur, inventor and is widely recognized as one
of the creators of the Voice over IP industry. He joins Phone.com after founding and managing a
successful series of recent business ventures, including BitWine and RemoteAbility. Cohen was
the co-founder of VocalTec Communications, the first company to provide Internet voice
technology worldwide, which in 1996 was one of the earliest successful Internet IPOs. As an
innovator Alon Cohen holds 4 US patents on different communications technologies, including
the “Audio Transceiver” which is the basis for Voice over the Internet (VoIP) technology. The
recipient of many awards and accolades for his innovative work including the “VoIP Visionary
Award” (2005) from Pulvermedia. Cohen represented the State of Israel in the United Nations
negotiations of the ITU Study Group 16 for the development and ratification of global VoIP
standards. Alon was also named, by “The Marker”, the leading Israeli Business Newspaper, as
one of the “100 Most Influential Israelis” in Israel’s High Technology history in September
2005. Cohen received an MBA and BSC.EE from Tel Aviv University, both Magna Cum Laude.

Michael Robinson VP Finance and Controller
Michael has worked every facet of finance across the telecom industry over the years. Previously
he held Controller positions in banking and also worked internationally as an auditor with
KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Michael is a CPA with a BA in Accounting from the
University of Birmingham, UK.
Joel Maloff VP Channel Development
In his role with Phone.com Joel leads all channel and business development, Joel has been a
frequent speaker at industry conferences on topics such as SIP trunking – Ready for Prime Time,
Enhancing Quality of Experience via Network Planning, and IP Peer-to–Peer Networking. Joel
has previously served as Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing at BandTel, Senior Vice
President of Corporate Strategies at GlobalTouch Telecom, and CTO at Fusion Telecom. Prior to
joining Fusion, He was Principal Consultant for Maloff Group International and consulted for
corporations in North America, South America, Asia, Europe, and Australia.
Brent Barbara SVP Business Development
Brent Barbara is the SVP of Business Development at Phone.com. With over three decades of
experience in growth strategy and execution, Brent is responsible for driving growth with our
fast-growing customer base across all regions. His role also allows him to craft unique editorial
pieces, moderate conference panels, and leverage Phone.com's large footprint to foster greater
brand-building and revenue-gaining opportunities. He holds a BA Economics from the
University of Rochester.
Ian Honcharuk VP Software Engineering
Ian Honcharuk is the Director of Software Engineering at Phone.com, where he oversees and the
development teams and the development of all of Phone.com’s products. Ian brings more than
two decades of experience in the tech industry as a founder, engineering, and business leader. He
holds a BS in Computer Science from Stevens Institute of Technology.
Martin Viau VP New Products and Technology
Martin combines experience as a product innovator and software engineer who has worked with
start-ups selling SaaS solutions and products primarily to SMB customers here in the US. Martin
worked with SMB focused Shopkeep.com and ran their innovation lab where he created the API
gateway, managed 3 acquisitions, as well as created a cloud-based functional delivery model. He
is familiar with working in a high-availability, high-volume 24/7 environment- having worked
for 14 years owning products in Finance (trading), and aviation, plus as an entrepreneur, having
founded and raised VC funding for his own start-up ($1.5MM successfully raised).

Exhibit D
Ownership Information
The following shareholders can assert a 10% or more fully diluted ownership interest in
Phone.com:
Washington Technology Associates
c/o Michael Mann
102 NE 2nd Street, #217
Boca Raton, FL 33432
Percentage of Ownership: 28.6%
Principal Business: Investment Vehicle, wholly owned by Michael Mann,
a US Citizen
Citizenship: USA
TierraNet Inc.
P.O. Box 502010
San Diego, CA 92150-2010
Percentage of Ownership: 21.9%
Principal Business: Internet Services
Citizenship: USA
ff Venture Capital (through several different funds)
989 6th Ave, Floor 3
New York, NY 10018
Percentage of Ownership: 18.9%
Principal Business: Investment Fund
Citizenship: USA
No other entity can assert a 10% or more interest in Phone.com, Inc.

DECLARATION
Ari Rabban, under penalty of perjury deposes and states as follows:
1. My name is Ari Rabban. I am the Chief Executive Officer of Phone.com, Inc.
(“Phone.com”).
2. I have reviewed the information set forth in Phone.com’s Application to Obtain
Numbering Resources to which this declaration is attached.
3. The statements set forth in Phone.com’s Application are true and correct to the best
of my knowledge, information, and belief.
_________________________________
Ari Rabban
Chief Executive Officer
Phone.com, Inc.
Dated: January 27, 2021