Potomac Law Group, PLLC
1300 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 700
Washington, D.C. 20004
Telephone: (202) 792-6422
Fax: (202) 318-7707
January 28, 2021
PUBLIC VERSION –
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION EXCLUDED
VIA FEDEX
Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
45 L Street NE
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Application of Phone.com, Inc. For Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources,
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g), Docket No. 21-____
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to §52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules,1 Phone.com, Inc.
(“Phone.com”) files its Application for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources. Please
note, this Application contains confidential material, the disclosure of which would
competitively harm the Company. Accordingly, Phone.com requests this material be filed under
seal, pursuant to §0.459 of the Commission’s Rules.2 In support of this request, Phone.com
submits the following:
1. Identification of the information for which confidential treatment is sought.
Phone.com seeks confidential treatment of Exhibits A and B to its Application, and
specific references to these exhibits found in the body of its Application.
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g).
2 47 C.F.R. § 0.459.

January 28, 2021
Page 2 of 3
2. Description of the circumstances giving rise to the submission.
As part of its Application, Phone.com is including the agreements between its carrier
partners as proof of its facilities readiness as required by §52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the
Commission’s Rules, and copies of a number of the carriers’ interconnection agreements
with incumbent carriers.
3. Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial, or
contains a trade secret or is privileged.
The information for which Phone.com seeks confidential treatment contains sensitive
commercial information “which would customarily be guarded from competitors. The
Exhibits to this Application describes the agreements between Phone.com and its carrier
partners and contains proprietary commercial information concerning Phone.com’s
network, customers, financing, and services.
4. Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial or
contains a trade secret or is privileged.
The Exhibits contain information relating to commercial matters which can be used by
other interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) providers to compromise
Phone.com’s position in the highly competitive interconnected VoIP sector. Accordingly,
release of this information would result in substantial competitive harm to Phone.com.
5. Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial competitive
harm.
Competitors could use Phone.com’s proprietary commercial and operational information
to Phone.com’s detriment as they would gain access to sensitive information concerning
Phone.com’s commercial agreements, as well as information as to how Phone.com
provides its services. This information is not typically disclosed publicly.
6. Identification of any measures taken to prevent unauthorized disclosure, or if the
information has been disclosed previously.
Neither Phone.com nor its carrier-partners have distributed the information to the public
or to any third party.
7. Justification of the period during which Phone.com asserts that material should not be
available for public disclosure.
Phone.com requests that the Exhibits be treated as confidential for a minimum period of
ten years. This period is necessary due to the nature of the proprietary information in the
Exhibits of the Application.

January 28, 2021
Page 3 of 3
Two copies of the non-public version of this Application, which include the confidential
information has been submitted via FedEx.
Thank you for your assistance in this matter and please do not hesitate to contact me at
(202) 792-6422, or kmarshall@potomaclaw.com if you have any questions or concerns.
Respectfully submitted,
Katherine Barker Marshall, Counsel to Phone.com, Inc.
cc: Ari Rabban, Phone.com, Inc.