Jeffrey J. Carlisle
jcarlisle@lermansenter.com
202-416-6768
January 29, 2025
CONFIDENTIALITY REQUEST PURSUANT TO 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
VIA ECFS
Ms. Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
Office of the Secretary
45 L Street, NE
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Request for Confidential Treatment, Supplement to Application of Telimize LLC
for Authority to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of the
Commission’s Rules, WC Docket No. 24-656
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Telimize LLC (“Telimize”) hereby submits the enclosed supplement (“Supplement”) to its
application for authorization to obtain numbering resources and respectfully requests confidential
treatment of the text indicated in the Supplement. Consistent with Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the
Commission’s Rules, Telimize has provided a confidential version of the Supplement labelled
“Confidential, Not for Public Inspection.” Confidential treatment in this circumstance is fully consistent
with the Administrative Procedure Act (“APA”) and past Commission practice.
The redacted materials in the Supplement contain commercially sensitive information that
identifies Telimize’s vendors for interconnection, numbering and 911 services. Confidential treatment
of this information is appropriate under Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act, which applies
to information constituting “trade secrets and commercial or financial information.” See 5 U.S.C. §
552(b)(4); 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d).

Ms. Marlene H. Dortch
January 29, 2025
Page 2
In support of this request, Telimize provides the following information, as provided for under
Section 0.459(b) of the Commission’s Rules.
1. Specific Information for Which Confidential Treatment is Sought - § 0.459(b)(1):
Telimize requests that the redacted parts of the Supplement be withheld from public disclosure under 5
U.S.C. § 552(b)(4) and 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d)(2). Specifically, the Supplement identifies Telimize’s
vendors and provides information from which their identities may be easily derived.
2. Circumstances Giving Rise to the Submission - § 0.459(b)(2): Telimize is submitting the
information in the Supplement as proof that (i) it is capable of providing service within sixty days of the
numbering resources activation date as required by section 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(H) of the Commission’s rules
and (ii) it complies with its 911 obligations under Part 9 of the Commission’s Rules as required by
section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E) of the Commission’s Rules.
3. Degree to Which the Information is Commercial or Financial, or Contains a Trade Secret
or Is Privileged - § 0.459(b)(3): The Supplement discloses the names of Telimize’s vendors and
provides links to (i) agreements between one of Telimize’s vendors and incumbent local exchange
carriers and (ii) terms and conditions of service for Telimize’s 911 vendors. This information is subject
to exemption from public disclosure under FOIA Exemption 4.4. None of this information would
normally be made available to the public, and public disclosure would make available to competitors
proprietary information that is competitively sensitive and could undermine Telimize’s business
strategy. See 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4); 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d). To date, disclosure of the information and
documents subject to this request has been limited to certain executives and employees of Telimize and
their outside legal counsel, and Telimize’s vendors.
4. Degree to Which the Information Concerns a Service That is Subject to Competition - §
0.459(b)(4): The market for interconnected voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) is highly competitive
with low barriers to entry. The commercial information at issue goes directly to Telimize’s ability to
comply with the 911 service obligations applicable to all VoIP service providers and to provide VoIP
service by interconnecting with the PSTN through its vendor. Thus, this information “concerns a
service subject to competition.” Accordingly, this information qualifies as sensitive internal business and
commercial information entitled to protection under FOIA and the Commission’s rules.
5. How Disclosure of the Information Could Result in Substantial Competitive Harm - §
0.459(b)(5): As the VoIP industry is highly competitive, and the nature of the confidential information
is sensitive as to Telimize’s relations with its vendors and technical processes, public release of the
identity of Telimize’s vendors as disclosed in the Supplement would cause significant competitive harm
to Telimize. Moreover, Telimize’s plans for complying with regulatory obligations to provide
emergency services and facilities readiness would become publicly known, which would not only cause
competitive harm to Telimize, but could undermine Telimize’s ability to provide safe and secure VoIP
services to its end users.

Ms. Marlene H. Dortch
January 29, 2025
Page 3
6. Measures Taken by Telimize to Prevent Unauthorized Disclosure - § 0.459(b)(6): Telimize
has limited access to the information and documents subject to this request to those officers, directors,
employees, and counsel who require its disclosure in order to perform their duties. Telimize treats the
documents provided in the Supplement as confidential and proprietary and has not publicly disclosed
this information.
7. The Information Submitted is Not Available to the Public and Has Not Previously Been
Disclosed to Third Parties, Except for Appropriately Limited Circumstances - § 0.459(b)(7): To the
best of Telimize’s knowledge, the information and documentation for which confidential treatment is
sought has not been publicly disclosed. Disclosure by Telimize has been limited to those with a need to
know, and to those who are subject to professional or other confidentiality obligations.
8. Period During Which the Submitted Material Should Not Be Available for Public
Disclosure - § 0.459(b)(8): Telimize respectfully requests that the confidential information in the
Supplement be kept confidential indefinitely given the sensitive nature of this information and the risks
inherent in any unauthorized disclosure. It is not clear at this time what potential period of non-
disclosure is required in order to protect Telimize’s interests.
9. Other Information Supporting Request for Confidential Treatment - § 0.459(b)(9): Not
applicable.
* * * * *
For the reasons stated above, Telimize requests that the Commission withhold from public
inspection the information identified herein, according it full confidential treatment.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Jeffrey Carlisle
Jeffrey Carlisle
Lerman Senter PLLC
2001 L Street, NW, Suite 400
Washington, DC 20036-4945
(202) 429-8970
Counsel for Telimize LLC
Enclosure

Jeffrey J. Carlisle
jcarlisle@lermansenter.com
202-416-6768
January 29, 2025
VIA ECFS
Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
45 L Street, NE
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Supplement to Application of Telimize LLC for Authority to Obtain
Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s
Rules, WC Docket No. 24-656
Dear Ms. Dortch:
On behalf of Telimize LLC (“Telimize”), I provide this supplemental information
relevant to the application for authority to obtain numbering resources (“Application”) filed by
Telimize in the abovementioned docket.1 Commission staff requested this information to
correct, augment and clarify information Telimize submitted as part of the Application.
1. Correction
The Application states the formal name of Telimize as “Telimize, LLC.” As filed with
the Wyoming Secretary of State, however, the entity’s formal name is “Telimize LLC” without a
comma.
2. Ownership Chart
As required by 47 C.F.R. § 63.18(h)(2), Exhibit A provides a diagram illustrating
Telimize’s vertical ownership structure, including all direct and indirect ownership interests held
by individuals named in the application in response to § 63.18(h)(1).
1 Application of Telimize LLC for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources, WC Docket No. 24-656 (filed
Nov. 25, 2024).
REDACTED -- FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

EXHIBIT A
Telimize Ownership Chart
Grantham Hamm
(US Citizen)
100% equity & voting
Telimize Holding LLC
(Wyoming)
100% equity & voting
Telimize LLC
(Wyoming)
REDACTED -- FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION