COM-42646
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT- UNDER SECTIONS 251
AND 252 OF THE TELECOMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1996
Between
TDSTELECOM
and
COMCAST Phone of New Hampshire, LLC
d/b/a Comcast Digital Phone
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

Interconnection Agreement
COM-42646
General Terms and Conditions
Page 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION AND SCOPE OF AGREEMENT 4
2. DEFINITIONS 5
3. EFFECTIVE DATE 14
4. INTERVENING LAW 14
5. TERM OF AGREEMENT 14
6. ASSIGNMENT 16
7. DELEGATION TO AFFILIATE 16
8. CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 16
9. LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION 21
10. REMEDIES 22
11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 22
12. INDEMNITY 23
13. OSHA STATEMENT 25
14. DEPOSITS 26
15. BILLING AND PAYMENT OF RATES AND CHARGES 26
16. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 28
17. TERMINATION OF SERVICE TO CLEC 31
18. NOTICES 32
19. TAXES 34
20. FORCE MAJEURE 35
21. PUBLICITY 36
22. NETWORK MAINTENANCE AND MANAGEMENT 36
23. LAW ENFORCEMENT AND CIVIL PROCESS 37
24. CHANGES IN SUBSCRIBER CARRIER SELECTION 38
25. AMENDMENTS OR WAIVERS 39
26. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTIES 39
27. AUTHORITy 42
28. BINDING EFFECT 42
29. CONSENT 42
30. EXPENSES 42
31. HEADINGS 43
32. RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES/INDEPENDANT CONTRACTOR .43
33. MULTIPLE COUNTERPARTS 43
34. THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES 43
35. REGULATORY APPROVAL 44
36. REGULATORY AUTHORITY 44
37. COMPLIANCE AND CERTIFICATION 44
38. AUDITS 45
39. COMPLETE TERMS 46
40. COOPERATION ON PREVENTING END USER FRAUD .47
41. NOTICE OF NETWORK CHANGES 47
42. GOOD FAITH PERFORMANCE 47
43. GOVERNMENTAL COMPLIANCE 47
44. RESPONSIBILITY FOR ENVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION 48
45. SUBCONTRACTING 48
46. REFERENCED DOCUMENTS 49
47. SEVERABILITY 50
48. SURVIVAL OF OBLIGATIONS 51
49. GOVERNING LAW 51
50. OTHER REQUIREMENTS 51
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 3
51. APPENDICES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 52
52. CUSTOMER INQUIRIES 53
53. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 54
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 4
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
This Interconnection Agreement under Sections 251 and 252 of the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 ("Agreement") is dated as of September 15, 2009 by and
between TDS Telecommunications Corporation, a Delaware corporation, as agent for the New
Hampshire operating companies listed in Appendix A, ("TDS TELECOM") and, Comcast Phone
of New Hampshire, LLC, d/b/a Comcast Digital Phone, ("COMCAST"), a Delaware Limited
Liability Company, with its principal place of business at One Comcast Center, Philadelphia, PA
19103.
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to interconnect their networks at mutually agreed upon
points of interconnection to provide, directly or indirectly, Telephone Exchange Services
and Exchange Access to residential and/or business End Users in the state of New
Hampshire; and
WHEREAS, the Parties are entering into this Agreement to set forth the respective
obligations of the Parties and the terms and conditions under which the Parties will
interconnect their networks and facilities and provide to each other services as required
by Sections 251(a) and (b) of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 as specifically set
forth herein.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants of this
Agreement COMCAST and TDS TELECOM hereby agree as follows:
This Agreement is composed of General Terms and Conditions, which are set forth
below, together with certain Appendices, Schedules, Exhibits and Addenda which
immediately follow this Agreement, all of which are hereby incorporated in this
Agreement by this reference and constitute a part of this Agreement.
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. INTRODUCTION AND SCOPE OF AGREEMENT
1.1 Pursuant to Sections 251(a) and (b) of the Telecommunications Act of 1996
("Act"), this Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions for the interconnection
of COMCAST's network to TDS TELECOM's network, compensation for the
transport and termination of telecommunications traffic between TDS TELECOM
and COMCAST, and the provision of ancillary functions by TDS TELECOM and
COMCAST.
1.2 The Parties acknowledge and agree that by entering into and performing in
accordance with this Agreement, the Parties have not waived any applicable
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 5
exemptions that are provided by or available under the Act, including but not
limited to those described in 47 USC 251(f), or under state law, if any.
1.3 Either Party may fulfill the requirements imposed upon it by this Agreement by
itself or may cause its Affiliates to take such actions to fulfill the responsibilities.
2. DEFINITIONS
2.1 Capitalized Terms used in this Agreement shall have the respective meanings
specified below, in Section 2.2.x of each Appendix attached hereto, and/or as
defined elsewhere in this Agreement.
2.2 GENERAL DEFINITIONS
2.2.1 "Access Service Request" (ASR) is an industry standard form used by the
Parties to add, establish, change or disconnect trunks for the purposes of
Interconnection.
2.2.2 "Act" means the Communications Act of 1934 [47 U.S.C. 153(R)], as
amended by the Telecommunications Act of 1996, Public Law 104-104,
110 Stat. 56 (1996) codified throughout 47 U.S.C.
2.2.3 Intentionally left blank.
2.2.4 "Affiliate" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.5 "Alternate Billing Service (ABS)" means a service that allows End Users
to bill calls to accounts that may not be associated with the originating
line. There are three types of ABS calls: calling card, collect and third
number billed calls.
2.2.6 "Applicable Law" means all laws, statutes, common law, regulations,
ordinances, codes, rules, guidelines, orders, permits, tariffs and approvals,
including those relating to the environment or health and safety, of any
Governmental Authority that apply to the Parties or the subject matter of
this Agreement.
2.2.7 "As Defined in the Act" means as specifically defined by the Act.
2.2.8 "As Described in the Act" means as described in or required by the Act.
2.2.9 "Automatic Message Accounting" (AMA) is a structure inherent in
switch technology that initially records Telecommunication message
information. AMA format is contained in the Automated Message
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 6
Accounting document published by Telcordia (formerly known as
Bellcore) as GR-II00-CORE, which defines and amends the industry
standard for message recording.
2.2.10 "Business Day" means Monday through Friday, excluding holidays
observed by either Party. A list of recognized holidays will be exchanged
between the Parties. Either Party will provide notice of any changes to the
recognized holidays.
2.2.11 "Calling Party Number" (CPN) means a Signaling System 7 "SST'
parameter whereby the seven (7) or ten (10) digit number of the calling
Party is forwarded from the End Office.
2.2.12 "Central Office switch" (Central Office) is a switching entity within the
public switched telecommunications network, including but not limited to:
2.2.12.1 "End Office Switch" or "End Office" is a switching
machine that directly terminates traffic to and receives traffic from
purchasers of local exchange services. An End Office Switch does
not include a PBX.
2.2.12.2 "Tandem Office Switch" or "Tandem(s)" are used to
connect and switch trunk circuits between and among other Central
Office Switches. A Tandem Switch does not include a PBX.
2.2.13 "Commission" means the New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission.
2.2.14 "Common Channel Signaling" (CCS) means an out-of-band, packet-
switched, signaling network used to transport supervision signals, control
signals, and data messages. It is a special network, fully separate from the
transmission path of the public switched network. Unless otherwise
agreed by the Parties, the CCS protocol used by the Parties shall be SS7.
2.2.15 "Common Language Location Identifier" (CLLI) codes provide a
unique ll-character representation of a network interconnection point. The
first 8 characters identify the city, state and building location, while the
last 3 characters identify the network component.
2.2.16 "Consequential Damages" means Losses claimed to have resulted from
any indirect, incidental, reliance, special, consequential, punitive,
exemplary, multiple or any other Loss, including damages claimed to have
resulted from harm to business, loss of anticipated revenues, savings, or
profits, or other economic Loss claimed to have been suffered not
measured by the prevailing Party's actual damages, and regardless of
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 7
whether the Parties knew or had been advised of the possibility that such
damages could result in connection with or arising from anything said,
omitted, or done hereunder or related hereto, including willful acts or
omISSIOns.
2.2.17 "Custom Local Area Signaling Service Features" (CLASS Features)
means certain Common Channel Signaling based features available to End
Users, including: Automatic Call Back; Call Trace; Distinctive
Ringing/Call Waiting; Selective Call Forward; and Selective Call
Rejection.
2.2.18 "Customer" or "End Users" means a third-party residence or business
that subscribes to Telecommunications Services provided by any of the
Parties. As used herein, the term "End Users" does not include any of the
Parties to this Agreement with respect to any item or service obtained
under this Agreement.
2.2.19 "Delaying Event" means (a) any failure of a Party to perform any of its
obligations set forth in this Agreement, caused in whole or in part by:
2.2.19.1 the failure of the other Party to perform any of its
obligations set forth in this Agreement, including but not limited to
a Party's failure to provide the other Party with accurate and
complete Service Orders;
2.2.19.2 any delay, act or failure to act by the other Party or its End
User, agent or subcontractor; or
2.2.19.3 any Force Majeure Event.
2.2.20 "Dialing Parity" is As Defined in the Act. As used in this Agreement,
Dialing Parity refers to both Local Dialing Parity and Toll Dialing Parity.
2.2.21 "Digital Signal Level" is one of several transmission rates in the
time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2.2.21.1 "Digital Signal Level 0" (DS-O) is the 64 Kbps zero-level
signal in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2.2.21.2 "Digital Signal Level I" (DS-l) is the 1.544 Mbps
first-level signal in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2.2.21.3 "Digital Signal Level 3" (DS-3) is the 44.736 Mbps
third-level signal in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 8
2.2.22 "Exchange Access" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.23 "Exchange Area" means an area, defined by the Commission, for which a
distinct local rate schedule is in effect.
2.2.24 "Exchange Service" means Telephone Exchange Service, As Defined in
the Act.
2.2.25 "FCC" means the Federal Communications Commission.
2.2.26 "Feature Group D" (FG-D) is access available to all customers,
providing trunk side access to a Party's End Office Switches with an
associated uniform 101XXXX access code for customer's use in
originating and terminating communications.
2.2.27 "Fiber Meet" means an Interconnection architecture method whereby the
Parties physically interconnect their networks via an optical fiber interface
(as opposed to an electrical interface) at a mutually agreed upon location,
which is the demarcation point for each Party's financial and operational
responsibility .
2.2.28 "Governmental Authority" means any federal, state, local, foreign, or
international court, government, department, commission, board, bureau,
agency, official, or other regulatory, administrative, legislative, or judicial
authority with jurisdiction over the subject matter at issue.
2.2.29 "Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier" (ILEC) is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.30 "Indirect Interconnection" provides for network interconnection
between the Parties through a third party tandem provider performing a
transit function.
2.2.31 "Integrated Services Digital Network" (ISDN) means a switched
network service that provides end-to-end digital connectivity for the
simultaneous transmission of voice and data.
2.2.32 "Intellectual Property" means copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade
secrets, mask works and all other intellectual property rights.
2.2.33 "Interconnection" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.34 "Interconnection Activation Date" is the date that the construction of the
joint facility Interconnection arrangement has been completed, trunk
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 9
groups have been established, joint trunk testing is completed and trunks
have been mutually accepted by the Parties.
2.2.35 "Interexchange Carrier" (IXC) means a carrier that provides, directly or
indirectly, interLATA or intraLATA Telephone Toll Services.
2.2.36 "InterLATA" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.37 "Internet Service Provider" (ISP) is an Enhanced Service Provider that
provides Internet Services, and is defined in paragraph 341 of the FCC's
First Report and Order in CC Docket No. 97-158.
2.2.38 Intentionally left blank.
2.2.39 "IntraLATA Toll Traffic" means the IntraLATA traffic between two
locations within one LATA where one of the locations lies outside of the
normal local calling area as defined by the applicable Commission.
Optional extended local calling area service within a LATA is IntraLATA
Toll Traffic, with the exception of Optional Local Measured Calling
Service in effect in TDS Telecom's tariffs as of the Effective date of this
Agreement.
2.2.40 "Line Information Data Base" (LIDB) means a transaction-oriented
database system that functions as a centralized repository for data storage
and retrieval. LIDB is accessible through CCS networks. LIDB contains
records associated with End User line numbers and special billing
numbers. LIDB accepts queries from other network elements and provides
return result, return error, and return reject responses as appropriate.
Examples of information that Data Owners might store in LIDB and in
their Line Records are: ABS Validation Data, Originating Line Number
Screening (OLNS) data, ZIP Code data, and Calling Name Information.
2.2.41 "Line Record" means information in LIDB and/or the LIDB
administrative system that is specific to a single telephone number or
Special Billing Number.
2.2.42 "Local Access Transport Area" (LATA) is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.43 "Local Traffic", for purposes of intercarrier compensation, is
Telecommunications traffic originated by a End User Customer of one
Party in an exchange on that Party's network and terminated to a End User
Customer of the other Party on that other Party's network located within
the same exchange or other non-optional extended local calling area
associated with the originating customer's exchange as defined by TDS
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 10
TELECOM's applicable local exchange tariff. Local Traffic does not
include: (1) any ISP-Bound Traffic; (2) traffic that does not originate and
terminate within the same TDS TELECOM local calling area as such local
calling area is defined by TDS TELECOM's applicable local exchange
tariff; (3) Toll Traffic, including, but not limited to, calls originated on a
1+ presubscription basis, or on a casual dialed (1OXXXll 0lXXXX) basis;
(4) optional extended local calling area traffic; (5) special access, private
line, Frame Relay, ATM, or any other traffic that is not switched by the
terminating Party; or, (6) Tandem Transit Traffic.
2.2.44 "Local Exchange Carrier" (LEC) is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.45 "Local Exchange Routing Guide" (LERG) is a Telcordia Reference
document used by Telecommunications Carriers to identify NPA-NXX
routing and homing information as well as equipment designations.
2.2.46 "Local Number Portability" (LNP) is as defined by the Act.
2.2.47 "Location Routing Number" (LRN) is a ten (10) digit number that is
assigned to the network switching elements (Central Office - Host and
Remotes as required) for the routing of calls in the network. The first six
(6) digits of the LRN will be one of the assigned NPA NXX of the
switching element. The purpose and functionality of the last four (4) digits
of the LRN have not yet been defined but are passed across the network to
the terminating switch.
2.2.48 "Loss" or "Losses" means any and all losses, costs (including court
costs), claims, damages (including fines, penalties, and criminal or civil
judgments and settlements), injuries, liabilities and expenses (including
attorneys' fees).
2.2.49 "MECAB" refers to the Multiple Exchange Carrier Access Billing
document prepared by the Billing Committee of the Ordering and Billing
Forum "OBF", which functions under the auspices of the Carrier Liaison
Committee "CLC of the Alliance for Telecommunications Industry
Solutions "ATIS". The MECAB document contains the recommended
guidelines for the billing of access services provided to an IXC by two or
more LECs, or by one LEC in two or more states within a single LATA.
2.2.50 "Meet-Point Billing" (MPB) refers to the billing associated with
interconnection of facilities between two or more LECs for the routing of
traffic to and from an IXC with which one of the LECs does not have a
direct connection. In a multi-bill environment, each Party bills the
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 11
appropriate tariffed rate for its portion of a jointly provided Switched
Exchange Access Service.
2.2.51 "Multiple Bill/Single Tariff' is the meet-point billing method where each
LEC prepares and renders its own meet point bill to the IXC in accordance
with its own tariff for that portion of the jointly provided Switched Access
Service which that LEC provides. The MECAB documents refer to this
method as Multiple Billireflecting a single tariff (MM).
2.2.52 "Mutual Compensation" is the compensation agreed upon by the Parties
for "Local Calls" that originate on one network and terminate on the other
network.
2.2.53 "North American Numbering Plan" (NANP) A numbering architecture
in which every station in the NANP Area is identified by a unique ten-digit
address consisting of a three-digit NPA code, a three digit central office
code of the form NXX, and a four-digit line number of the form XXXx.
2.2.54 "Number Portability" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.55 "Numbering Plan Area" (NPA) also called area code. An NPA is the 3-
digit code that occupies the A, B, C positions in the 10-digit NANP format
that applies throughout the NANP Area. NPAs are of the form NXX,
where N represents the digits 2-9 and X represents any digit 0-9. In the
NANP, NPAs are classified as either geographic or non-geographic. a)
Geographic NPAs are NPAs that correspond to discrete geographic areas
within the NANP Area. b) Non-geographic NPAs are NPAs that do not
correspond to discrete geographic areas, but which are instead assigned for
services with attributes, functionalities, or requirements that transcend
specific geographic boundaries. The common examples are NPAs in the
NOOor 8xx format, e.g., 800, 866, 877 or 888.
2.2.56 "NXX" or "Central Office Code" is the three-digit switch entity
indicator that is defined by the fourth through sixth digits of a 10-digit
telephone number within the NANP. Each NXX Code contains 10,000
station numbers.
2.2.57 "Ordering and Billing Forum" (OBF) is a forum comprised of local
telephone companies and interexchange carriers whose responsibility is to
create and document Telecommunication industry guidelines and
standards.
2.2.58 "Party" means either COMCAST or TDS TELECOM that is a party to
this Agreement. "Parties" means both COMCAST and TDS TELECOM.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 12
2.2.59 Intentionally left blank.
2.2.60 "Point of Interconnection" (POI) is a physical location at which the
Parties' networks meet for the purpose of establishing Interconnection and
serve as the operational responsibility hand-off between the Parties'
networks. pals include a number of different technologies and technical
interfaces based on the Parties' mutual agreement.
2.2.61 "Rate Center" means the specific geographic point that has been
designated by a given LEC as being associated with a particular NPA-
NXX code that has been assigned to the LEC for its provision of
Telephone Exchange Service. The Rate Center is the finite geographic
point identified by a specific V&H coordinate, which is used by that LEC
to measure, for billing purposes, distance sensitive transmission services
associated with the specific Rate Center.
2.2.62 "Rating Point" means the V&H coordinates associated with a particular
telephone number for rating purposes.
2.2.63 "Referral Announcement" refers to a process by which calls are routed
to an announcement that states the new telephone number of an End User.
2.2.64 Intentionally Left Blank.
2.2.65 Intentionally Left Blank.
2.2.66 Signaling Transport Signal level (STS-n) is an electrical signal that is
converted to or from SONET's optically based signal. Levell is 51.84
Mb/s or the electrical equivalent to OC-l optical signal, level 2 is 155.52
Mb/s or the electrical equivalent to OC-3.
2.2.67 "Signaling System 7" (SS7) means a signaling protocol used by the CCS
Network.
2.2.68 "Switched Exchange Access Service" means the offering of transmission
or switching services to Telecommunications Carriers for the purpose of
the origination or termination of telephone toll service. Switched
Exchange Access Services include: Feature Group A, Feature Group B,
Feature Group D, 800/8xx access, and 900 access and their successors or
similar Switched Exchange Access Services.
2.2.69 "Synchronous Optical Network" (SONET) is an optical interface
standard that allows inter-networking of transmission products from
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 13
multiple vendors. The base rate is 51.84 Mbps ("OC-1/STS-1") and
higher rates are direct multiples of the base rate, up to 13.22 Gbps.
2.2.70 "Tandem Transit Traffic" is defined as local traffic or ISP-bound traffic
originated on one Party's network, transited through the other Party's
network, and terminated to a third party telecommunications carrier's
network or that is originated on a third party telecommunications carrier's
network, transited through a Party's network and terminated to the other
Party's network. For purposes of this Agreement, Tandem Transit
Traffic does not include overflow traffic between the Parties that is routed
through a third party tandem provider.
2.2.71 "Telecommunications" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.72 "Telecommunications Carrier" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.73 "Telecommunications Service" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.74 "Telephone Exchange Service" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.75 "Telephone Toll Service" is As Defined in the Act.
2.2.76 "Trunk" means a communication line between two switching systems.
2.2.77 "Wire Center" is the location of one or more local switching systems. A
point at which End User's loops within a defined geographic area
converge. Such local loops may be served by one (1) or more Central
Office Switches within such premises.
2.3 For purposes of this Agreement, certain terms have been defined in this
Agreement to encompass meanings that may differ from, or be in addition to, the
normal connotation of the defined word. Unless the context clearly indicates
otherwise, any term defined or used in the singular will include the plural. The
words "include," "includes," and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by
the phrase "without limitation" and/or "but not limited to." The words "will" and
"shall" are used interchangeably throughout this Agreement and the use of either
connotes a mandatory requirement. The use of one or the other will not mean a
different degree of right or obligation for either Party. A defined word intended to
convey its special meaning is capitalized when used. Other terms that are
capitalized and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning in the Act, or
in the absence of their inclusion in the Act, their customary usage in the
Telecommunications industry as of the Effective Date.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 14
3. EFFECTIVE DATE
3.1 This Agreement becomes effective ("Effective Date") (1) when executed by each
Party and after approval by the Commission under Section 252(e) of the Act; or
(2) absent such Commission approval, by operation of law pursuant to Section
252(e)(4) of the Act.
4. INTERVENING LAW
4.1 The Parties acknowledge that the respective rights and obligations of each Party as
set forth in this Agreement are based upon the Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder by the FCC and the Commission as of the Effective Date
("Applicable Rules"). In the event of any amendment of the Act, any effective
legislative action or any effective regulatory or judicial order, rule, regulation,
arbitration award, Commission or court decision pursuant to dispute resolution
procedures under this Agreement or other legal action purporting to apply the
provisions of the Act to the Parties or in which the court, FCC or the Commission
makes a generic determination that is generally applicable which revises, modifies
or reverses the Applicable Rules (individually, "Amended Rules"), either Party
may, by providing written notice to the other Party, require that the affected
provisions of this Agreement be renegotiated in good faith and this Agreement
shall be amended accordingly to reflect the pricing, terms and conditions of each
such Amended Rules relating to any of the provisions in this Agreement. If
negotiations fail, disputes between the Parties concerning the interpretation of the
actions required or provisions affected by such governmental actions shall be
resolved pursuant to the dispute resolution process provided for in this
Agreement. The Parties further acknowledge and agree that by executing this
Agreement, neither Party waives any of its rights, remedies, or arguments with
respect to such decisions and any remand thereof, including its right to seek legal
review or a stay pending appeal of such decisions or its rights under this
Intervening Law paragraph.
5. TERM OF AGREEMENT
5.1 This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date stated above, and
unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof, shall continue in
effect until September 14,2011 (the "Initial Term"), and thereafter the Agreement
shall continue in force and effect unless and until terminated as provided herein.
5.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, either Party (the
"Terminating Party") may terminate this Agreement and the provision of any
Interconnection, functions, facilities, products or services provided pursuant to
this Agreement in the event that the other Party fails to perform a material
obligation or breaches a material term of this Agreement and the other Party (i)
fails to cure such nonperformance or breach within forty-five (45) calendar days
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 15
after receiving written notice thereof pursuant to this Section 5.2; and (ii) has not
commenced a dispute regarding the subject of the breach pursuant to Section
16.2.1 within the same forty-five (45) calendar days; and (iii) fails to obtain and
provide to the Terminating Party within that same forty-five (45) calendar days an
Order by the Commission prohibiting or delaying such termination. Any
termination pursuant to this Section 5.2 shall take effect on or after the forty-fifth
(45th calendar day where conditions (i), (ii), and (iii) above pertain.
)
5.3 Upon the expiration of the Initial Term or any time thereafter, either Party may
terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the other Party of its
intention to terminate, such written notice to be received at least ninety (90) days
in advance of the date of termination. Neither Party shall have any liability to the
other Party for termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 5.3 other
than its obligations under Sections 5.4, 5.5, 5.6 and 5.7.
5.4 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement in accordance with Section 5.2:
5.4.1 Each Party shall continue to comply with its obligations set forth in
Section 44; and
5.4.2 Each Party shall promptly pay all amounts owed under this Agreement, or
follow the procedures for billing disputes as set forth herein.
5.4.3 Each Party's confidentiality obligations shall survive; and
5.4.4 Each Party's indemnification obligations shall survive.
5.5 In the event of termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.3, where
neither Party has requested renegotiation under Section 5.6, TDS TELECOM and
COMCAST shall cooperate in good faith to effect an orderly transition of service
under this Agreement; provided that each Party shall be solely responsible (from a
financial, operational and administrative standpoint) to ensure that its End Users
have been transitioned to a new LEC by the expiration date or termination date of
this Agreement.
5.6 If either Party terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.3, the other Party
may request renegotiation of the Agreement by providing written notice thereof to
the terminating Party within thirty (30) days of the other Party's receipt of the
termination notice. Any such request shall be deemed by both Parties to be a good
faith request for Interconnection pursuant to Section 252 of the Act (or any
successor provision), regardless of which Party made such request. If the Parties
do not execute a new interconnection agreement within the respective periods set
under the Act, either Party may exercise its applicable rights under the Act.
TDS TELECOMlComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 16
5.7 If either Party requests renegotiation of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 4.1 or
5.6 above, the rates, terms and conditions of this Agreement shall continue in full
force and effect until the effective date of its successor agreement, whether such
successor agreement is established via negotiation, arbitration or pursuant to
Section 252(i) of the Act; provided, however, when a successor agreement
becomes effective and the Parties agree that the terms, rates and charges of such
successor Agreement shall apply retroactively back to the date this Agreement is
terminated or expires, whichever is later, and that the retro-active true-up shall be
completed within ninety (90) calendar days following the effective date of such
successor Agreement. Notwithstanding the forgoing, no retroactive true-up shall
be made for any charges that were incurred more than twelve (12) months prior to
the true-up date.
6. ASSIGNMENT
6.1 Neither Party hereto may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations
under this Agreement, except with the prior written consent of the other Party
hereto, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld; provided, that either
Party may assign its rights and delegate its benefits, duties and obligations under
this Agreement without the consent of the other Party to any Affiliate, provided
the obligations and duties of either Party under this Agreement shall be binding on
all successors in interest and assigns of such Party. Nothing in this Section is
intended to impair the right of either Party to utilize subcontractors.
6.2 Each Party will notify the other in writing not less than thirty (30) days in advance
of anticipated assignment.
7. DELEGATION TO AFFILIATE
7.1 Each Party may, without the consent of the other Party, fulfill its obligations under
this Agreement by itself or may cause its Affiliate(s) to take some or all of such
actions to fulfill such obligations. Upon such delegation, the Affiliate shall
become a primary obligor hereunder with respect to the delegated matter, but such
delegation shall not relieve the delegating Party of its obligations as co-obligor
hereunder. Any Party which elects to perform its obligations through an Affiliate
shall cause its Affiliate to take all action necessary for the performance of such
Party's obligations hereunder. Each Party represents and warrants that if an
obligation under this Agreement is to be performed by an Affiliate, such Party has
the authority to cause such Affiliate to perform such obligation and such Affiliate
will have the licensure, certification, and all other legal authority required to
accomplish the delegated performance.
8. CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 17
8.1 For the purposes of this Agreement, "Proprietary Information" means confidential
or proprietary technical or business information given by one Party ("the
Disclosing Party") or its agent, employee, representative or Affiliate to the other
Party ("the Receiving Party") in connection with this Agreement, during
negotiations and the term of this Agreement:
8.1.1 In written, graphic, electromagnetic, or other tangible form and marked at
the time of delivery as "Confidential" or "Proprietary" however, regardless
of whether so marked, any non-public information which, because of
legends or other markings, the circumstances of disclosure or the
information itself, is otherwise reasonably understood by the Receiving
Party to be proprietary and confidential to the Disclosing Party, shall be
deemed to be Proprietary Information; or
8.1.2 Any portion of any notes, analyses, data, compilations, studies,
interpretations or other documents prepared by any Receiving Party to the
extent the same contain, reflect, are derived from, or are based upon, any
of the information described in this Section 8, unless such information
contained or reflected in such notes, analyses, etc. is so commingled with
the Receiving Party's information that disclosure could not possibly
disclose the underlying proprietary or confidential information (such
portions of such notes, analyses, etc. referred to herein as "Derivative
Information").
8.2 Proprietary Information Shall be Held in Confidence
8.2.1 Each Receiving Party agrees that:
8.2.1.1 all Proprietary Information communicated to it or any of its agents,
attorneys, employees, representatives and Affiliates in connection
with this Agreement shall be held in confidence to the same extent
as such Receiving Party holds its own confidential information of
like importance; provided that such Receiving Party and its agents,
attorneys, employees, representatives and Affiliates shall not use
less than a reasonable standard of care in maintaining the
confidentiality of such information;
8.2.1.2 it will not, and it will not permit any of its agents, attorneys,
employees, representatives and Affiliates to disclose such
Proprietary Information to any non-party to this Agreement ("Third
Party");
8.2.1.3 it will disclose Proprietary Information only to those of its agents,
attorneys, employees, representatives and Affiliates who have a
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

Interconnection Agreement
COM-42646
General Terms and Conditions
Page 18
need for it in connection with the use or provision of any services
required to fulfill this Agreement; and
8.2.1.4 it will, and will cause each of its agents, attorneys, employees,
representatives and Affiliates, to use such Proprietary Information
only to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to use
services provided by the Disclosing Party hereunder and for no
other purpose, including its own marketing purposes.
8.2.2 A Receiving Party may disclose Proprietary Information of a Disclosing
Party to the Receiving Party's agents, attorneys, employees, representatives
and Affiliates who need to know such information to perform their
obligations under this Agreement; provided that before disclosing any
Proprietary Information to any agent, employee, representative or Affiliate,
the Receiving Party shall notify such agent, employee, representative or
Affiliate of such Party's obligation to comply with this Agreement. Each
Receiving Party making such disclosure shall notify the Disclosing Party
as soon as possible if it has knowledge of a breach of this Agreement in
any material respect.
8.2.3 Proprietary Information shall not be reproduced by any Receiving Party in
any form except to the extent (i) necessary to comply with the provisions
of Section 8.5 and (ii) reasonably necessary to perform its obligations
under this Agreement.
8.3 Unless otherwise agreed, the obligations of confidentiality and non-use set forth in
this Agreement do not apply to such Proprietary Information that:
8.3.1 Was at the time of receipt, already known to the Receiving Party, free of
any obligation to keep confidential and evidenced by written records
prepared prior to delivery by the Disclosing Party; or
8.3.2 Is, or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the Receiving
Party; or
8.3.3 Is rightfully received from a Third Party having no direct or indirect
secrecy or confidentiality obligation to the Disclosing Party with respect to
such information; provided that such Receiving Party has exercised
commercially reasonable efforts to determine whether such Third Party
has any such obligation; or
8.3.4 Is independently developed by an agent, employee representative or
Affiliate of the Receiving Party and such Party is not involved in any
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 19
manner with the provision of services pursuant to this Agreement and does
not have any direct or indirect access to the Proprietary Information; or
8.3.5 Is disclosed to a Third Party by the Disclosing Party without similar
restrictions on such Third Party's rights; or
8.3.6 Is approved for release by written authorization of the Disclosing Party,
but only to the extent of the authorization granted; or
8.3.7 Is required to be made public by the Receiving Party pursuant to
Applicable Law or regulation, provided that such production or disclosure
shall have been made in accordance with Section 8.5.
8.4 Proposed Disclosure of Proprietary Information to a Governmental Authority
8.4.1 If a Receiving Party desires to disclose or provide to a Commission, the
FCC or any other governmental authority any Proprietary Information of
the Disclosing Party, such Receiving Party shall, prior to and as a
condition of such disclosure, (i) provide the Disclosing Party with written
notice and the form of such proposed disclosure as soon as possible but in
any event early enough to allow the Disclosing Party to protect its interests
in the Proprietary Information to be disclosed and (ii) attempt to obtain in
accordance with the applicable procedures of the intended recipient of
such Proprietary Information an appropriate order for protective relief or
other reliable assurance that confidential treatment shall be accorded to
such Proprietary Information.
8.4.2 If a Receiving Party is required by any Governmental Authority or by
Applicable Law to disclose any Proprietary Information, then such
Receiving Party shall provide the Disclosing Party with written notice of
such requirement as soon as possible, and in no event later than five (5)
calendar days after receipt of such requirement, and prior to such
disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice of the requirement to disclose
Proprietary Information, the Disclosing Party at its expense, may then
either seek appropriate protective relief in advance of such requirement to
prevent all or part of such disclosure or waive the Receiving Party's
compliance with this Section 8.4 with respect to all or part of such
requirement.
8.4.3 The Receiving Party shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to
cooperate with the Disclosing Party in attempting to obtain any protective
relief which such Disclosing Party chooses to seek pursuant to this Section
8.4. In the absence of such relief, if the Receiving Party is legally
compelled to disclose any Proprietary Information, then the Receiving
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

Interconnection Agreement
COM-42646
General Terms and Conditions
Page 20
Party shall exercise all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve the
confidentiality of the Proprietary information, including cooperating with
the Disclosing Party to obtain an appropriate order for protective relief or
other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the
Proprietary Information.
8.5 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, each Party shall be entitled to disclose
Proprietary Information on a confidential basis to regulatory agencies upon
request for information as to a Disclosing Party'S activities under the Act if the
Party has provided reasonable prior written notice to the other Party and obtained
an appropriate order for protective relief or other reliable assurance that
confidential treatment shall be accorded to such Proprietary Information.
8.6 Return of Proprietary Information
8.6.1 All Proprietary Information, other than Derivative Information, shall
remain the property of the Disclosing Party, and all documents or other
tangible media delivered to the Receiving Party that embody such
Proprietary Information shall be, at the option of the Disclosing Party,
either promptly returned to Disclosing Party or destroyed, except as
otherwise may be required from time to time by Applicable Law (in which
case the use and disclosure of such Proprietary Information will continue
to be subject to this Agreement), upon the earlier of (i) the date on which
the Receiving Party's need for it has expired and (ii) the expiration or
termination of this Agreement.
8.6.2 At the request of the Disclosing Party, any Derivative Information shall be,
at the option of the Receiving Party, either promptly returned to the
Disclosing Party or destroyed, except as otherwise may be required from
time to time by Applicable Law (in which case the use and disclosure of
such Derivative Information will continue to be subject to this
Agreement), upon the earlier of (i) the date on which the Receiving Party's
need for it has expired and (ii) the expiration or termination of this
Agreement.
8.6.3 The Receiving Party may at any time either return the Proprietary
Information to the Disclosing Party or destroy such Proprietary
Information. If the Receiving Party elects to destroy Proprietary
Information, all copies of such information shall be destroyed and upon
the written request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall
provide to the Disclosing Party written certification of such destruction.
The destruction or return of Proprietary information shall not relieve any
Receiving Party of its obligation to continue to treat such Proprietary
Information in the manner required by this Agreement.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 21
8.7 Notwithstanding any other prOVISIOn of this Agreement, the Proprietary
Information provisions of this Agreement shall apply to all information furnished
by either Party to the other in furtherance of the purpose of this Agreement, even
if furnished before the date of this Agreement and each Party's obligation to
safeguard Proprietary Information disclosed prior to expiration or termination of
this Agreement will survive such expiration or termination.
8.8 Pursuant to Section 222(b) of the Act, both Parties agree to limit their use of
Proprietary Information received from the other to the permitted purposes
identified in the Act.
8.9 Each Party has the right to refuse to accept any Confidential Information under
this Agreement, and nothing in this Section 8 shall obligate either Party to
disclose to the other Party any particular information.
8.10 The Parties agree that an impending or existing violation of any provision of this
Section 8 would cause the Disclosing Party irreparable injury for which it would
have no adequate remedy at law, and agree that Disclosing Party shall be entitled
to obtain immediate injunctive relief prohibiting such violation, in addition to any
other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity, including both specific
performance and monetary damages. In the event of any breach of this Section 8
for which legal or equitable relief is sought, all reasonable attorney's fees and
other reasonable costs associated therewith shall be recoverable by the prevailing
Party.
9. LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION
9.1 Limitation of Liabilities
9.1.1 Except for indemnity obligations expressly set forth herein, each Party's
liability to the other Party for any Loss relating to or arising out of such
Party's performance under this Agreement, including any negligent act or
omission (whether willful or inadvertent), whether in contract, tort or
otherwise, including alleged breaches of this Agreement and causes of
action alleged to arise from allegations that breach of this Agreement also
constitute a violation of a statute, including the Act, shall not exceed in
total the amount TDS TELECOM or COMCAST has charged or would
have charged to the other Party for the affected Interconnection, functions,
facilities, products and service(s) that were not performed or were
improperly performed.
9.1.2 Except for losses alleged or made by an end user of either Party, in the
case of any loss alleged or made by a third party arising under the
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 22
negligence or willful misconduct of both Parties, each Party shall bear, and
its obligation under this section shall be limited to, that portion (as
mutually agreed to by the Parties) of the resulting expense caused by its
own negligence or willful misconduct or that of its agents, servants,
contractors, or others acting in aid or concert with it.
9.2 NO CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
9.2.1 NEITHER COMCAST NOR TDS TELECOM WILL BE LIABLE TO
THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL
CONSEQUENTIAL, RELIANCE, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES
SUFFERED BY SUCH OTHER PARTIES (INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR HARM TO BUSINESS, LOST
REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, OR LOST PROFITS SUFFERED BY
SUCH OTHER PARTIES), REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF
ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND WHETHER ACTIVE OR PASSIVE,
AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE PARTIES KNEW OF THE
POSSIBILITY THAT SUCH DAMAGES COULD RESULT. EACH
PARTY HEREBY RELEASES THE OTHER PARTY (AND SUCH
OTHER PARTY'S SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND THEIR
RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND
AGENTS FROM ANY SUCH CLAIM. NOTHING CONTAINED IN
THIS SECTION WILL LIMIT TDS TELECOM's OR COMCAST's
LIABILITY TO THE OTHER FOR (i) WILLFUL OR INTENTIONAL
MISCONDUCT (INCLUDING GROSS NEGLIGENCE); AND (ii)
BODILY INJURY, DEATH, OR DAMAGE TO TANGIBLE REAL OR
TANGIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY
TDS TELECOM's OR COMCAST's NEGLIGENT ACT OR OMISSION
OR THAT OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS, SUBCONTRACTORS
OR EMPLOYEES, NOR WILL ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS
SECTION LIMIT THE PARTIES INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS,
AS SPECIFIED BELOW.
10. REMEDIES
10.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no remedy set forth herein is
intended to be exclusive and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and in
addition to any other rights or remedies now or hereafter existing under
Applicable Law or otherwise.
11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 23
11.1 Any Intellectual Property originating from or developed by a Party shall remain in
the exclusive ownership of that Party.
12. INDEMNITY
12.1 Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, and to the extent not prohibited by
Applicable Law, each Party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall release, defend and
indemnify the other Party (the "Indemnified Party") and hold such Indemnified
Party harmless against any Loss to a Third Party arising out of the negligence or
willful misconduct ("Fault") of such Indemnifying Party, its agents, its End Users,
contractors, or others retained by such Parties, in connection with the
Indemnifying Party's provision of Interconnection, functions, facilities, products
and services under this Agreement; provided, however, that (i) with respect to
employees or agents of the Indemnifying Party, such Fault occurs while
performing within the scope of their employment, (ii) with respect to
subcontractors of the Indemnifying Party, such Fault occurs in the course of
performing duties of the subcontractor under its subcontract with the
Indemnifying Party, and (iii) with respect to the Fault of employees or agents of
such subcontractor, such Fault occurs while performing within the scope of their
employment by the subcontractor with respect to such duties of the subcontractor
under the subcontract.
12.2 A Party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless
the other Party ("Indemnified Party") against any claim or Loss arising from the
Indemnifying Party's use of Interconnection, functions, facilities, products and
services provided under this Agreement involving:
12.2.1 Any claim or Loss ansmg from such Indemnifying Party's use of
Interconnection, functions, facilities, products and services offered under
this Agreement, involving any claim for libel, slander, invasion of privacy,
or infringement of Intellectual Property rights arising from the
Indemnifying Party's or its End User's use.
12.2.2 The foregoing includes any claims or Losses arising from disclosure of any
End User-specific information associated with either the originating or
terminating numbers used to provision Interconnection, functions,
facilities, products or services provided hereunder and all other claims
arising out of any act or omission of the End User in the course of using
any Interconnection, functions, facilities, products or services provided
pursuant to this Agreement.
12.2.3 The foregoing includes any Losses ansmg from claims for actual or
alleged infringement of any Intellectual Property right of a Third Party to
the extent that such Loss arises from an Indemnifying Party's or an
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

Interconnection Agreement
COM-42646
General Terms and Conditions
Page 24
Indemnifying Party's End User's use of Interconnection, functions,
facilities, products or services provided under this Agreement; provided,
however, that an Indemnifying Party's obligation to defend and indemnify
the Indemnified Party shall not apply:
12.2.3.1 where an Indemnified Party or its End User modifies
Interconnection, functions, facilities, products or services; provided
under this Agreement without authorization of the Indemnifying
Party; and
12.2.3.2 no infringement would have occurred without such
modification.
12.3 Consistent with and subject to the waiver of subrogation set forth under Section
26.6.2, COMCAST shall reimburse TDS TELECOM for damages to TDS
TELECOM's facilities utilized to provide Interconnection hereunder caused by the
negligence or willful act of COMCAST, its agents or subcontractors or
COMCAST's End User or resulting from COMCAST's improper use of TDS
TELECOM's facilities, or due to malfunction of any facilities, functions, products,
services or equipment provided by COMCAST, its agents or subcontractors or
COMCAST's End User. Upon reimbursement for damages, TDS TELECOM will
cooperate with COMCAST in prosecuting a claim against the person causing such
damage. COMCAST shall be subrogated to the right of recovery by TDS
TELECOM for the damages to the extent of such payment.
12.4 Consistent with and subject to the waiver of subrogation set forth under Section
26.6.2, TDS TELECOM shall reimburse COMCAST for damages to
COMCAST's facilities utilized to provide or access Interconnection hereunder
caused by the negligence or willful act of TDS TELECOM, its agents or
subcontractors or End User or resulting from TDS TELECOM's improper use of
COMCAST's facilities, or due to malfunction of any facilities, functions,
products, services or equipment provided by TDS TELECOM, its agents or
subcontractors or TDS TELECOM's End User. Upon reimbursement for
damages, COMCAST will cooperate with TDS TELECOM in prosecuting a claim
against the person causing such damage. TDS TELECOM shall be subrogated to
the right of recovery by COMCAST for the damages to the extent of such
payment.
12.5 Obligation to Defend; Notice; Cooperation
12.5.1 Should a claim arise for indemnification under this Section, the relevant
Indemnified Party, as appropriate, will promptly notify the Indemnifying
Party and request in writing the Indemnifying Party to defend the same.
Failure to so notify the Indemnifying Party will not relieve the
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 25
Indemnifying Party of any liability that the Indemnifying Party might have,
except to the extent that such failure prejudices the Indemnifying Party's
ability to defend such claim. The Indemnifying Party will have the right to
defend against such liability or assertion in which event the Indemnifying
Party will give written notice to the Indemnified Party of acceptance of the
defense of such claim and the identity of counsel selected by the
Indemnifying Party.
12.5.2 Until such time as Indemnifying Party provides written notice of
acceptance of the defense of such claim, the Indemnified Party shall
defend such claim, at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, subject to any
right of the Indemnifying Party to seek reimbursement for the costs of such
defense in the event that it is determined that Indemnifying Party had no
obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Party for such claim.
12.5.3 Upon accepting the defense, the Indemnifying Party shall have exclusive
right to control and conduct the defense and settlement of any such claims,
subject to consultation with the Indemnified Party. So long as the
Indemnifying Party is controlling and conducting the defense, the
Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement by the
Indemnified Party unless such Indemnifying Party has approved such
settlement in advance and agrees to be bound by the agreement
incorporating such settlement.
12.6 At any time, an Indemnified Party will have the right to refuse such compromise
or settlement and, at the refusing Party's cost, to take over such defense, provided
that in such event the Indemnifying Party will not be responsible for, nor will it be
obligated to indemnify the refusing Party against any cost or liability in excess of
such refused compromise or settlement.
12.7 In the event the Indemnifying Party does not accept the defense of any
indemnified claim as provided above, the Indemnified Party will have the right to
employ counsel for such defense at the expense of the Indemnifying Party unless
it is determined that Indemnifying Party had no obligation to indemnify the
Indemnified Party for such claim.
12.8 Each Party agrees to cooperate and to cause its employees and agents to cooperate
with the other Party in the defense of any such claim and the relevant records of
each Party shall be available to the other Party with respect to any such defense,
subject to the restrictions and limitations set forth in Section 8.
13. OSHASTATEMENT
TDS TELECOMfComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 26
13.1 Each Party, in recognition of the other Party's status as an employer, agrees to
abide by and to undertake the duty of compliance with all federal, state and local
laws, safety and health regulations relating to the space which Party has assumed
the duty to maintain pursuant to this Agreement, and to indemnify and hold the
other Party harmless for any judgments, citations, fines, or other penalties which
are assessed against the indemnified Party as the result of the indemnifying Party's
failure to comply with any of the foregoing.
14. DEPOSITS
14.1 The Parties will, in order to safeguard their interests, only require the billed Party
which has a proven history of late payments, defined as two consecutive late
payments within a twelve (12) month period, or does not have established credit
to make a deposit, prior to or at any time after the provision of service, to be held
by the billing Party as a guarantee of the payment of rates and charges. No such
deposit will be required of the billed Party which is a successor of a company
which has established credit and has no history of late payments to the billing
Party. Such deposit may not exceed the actual or estimated rates and charges for
the service for a two-month period. The fact that a deposit has been made in no
way relieves the billed Party from complying with the billing Party's regulations as
to the prompt payment of bills. At such time as the provision of the service to the
billed Party is terminated, the amount of the deposit, plus any interest accrued on
a cash deposit pursuant to Section 14.2 below, will be credited to the billed
Party's account and any credit balance which may remain will be refunded.
14.2 Such a deposit will be refunded or credited to the billed Party's account when the
billed Party has established credit or, in any event, after the billed Party has
established a one-year prompt payment record at any time prior to the termination
of the provision of the service to the billed Party. In the case of a cash deposit, for
the period the deposit is held by the billing Party, the billed Party will receive
simple interest at the lower of: the rate of 1% per month (12% annually) or the
highest rate allowed by applicable law. The rate will be calculated from the date
the billed Party's deposit is received by the billing Party up to and including the
date such deposit is credited to the billed Party's account or the date the deposit is
refunded by the billing Party. Should a deposit be credited to the billed Party's
account, as indicated above, no interest will accrue on the deposit from the date
such deposit is credited to the customer's account.
15. BILLING AND PAYMENT OFRATESANDCHARGES
15.1 Unless otherwise stated, each Party will render monthly bill(s) to the other for
Interconnection, functions, facilities, products and services provided hereunder at
the rates set forth in the applicable Appendix Pricing, as set forth in applicable
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 27
tariffs or other documents specifically referenced herein and, as applicable, as
agreed upon by the Parties or authorized by a Party.
15.1.1 Remittance in full of all bills rendered by TDS TELECOM is due within
thirty (30) calendar days of each bill date (the "Bill Due Date").
15.1.2 Remittance in full of all bills rendered by COMCAST is due within thirty
(30) calendar days of each bill date (the "Bill Due Date").
15.1.3 If either Party fails to remit payment for any undisputed charges for
services by the Bill Due Date, or if a payment or any portion of a payment
is received after the Bill Due Date, or if a payment or any portion of a
payment is received in funds which are not immediately available as of the
Bill Due Date (individually and collectively, "Past Due"), then a late
payment charge shall be assessed as provided in Section 15.1.3.1 as
applicable.
15.1.3.1 If any charge incurred under this Agreement is Past Due by
fifteen days or more, the unpaid amounts shall accrue interest from
the Bill Due Date at the lesser of (i) one and one-half percent (1
Yz%) per month and (ii) the highest rate of interest that may be
charged under Applicable Law, to and including the date that the
payment is actually made and available.
15.2 If any portion of an amount due to a Party (the "Billing Party") under this
Agreement is subject to a bona fide dispute between the Parties, the Party billed
(the "Non-Paying Party") shall give written notice to the Billing Party of the
amounts it disputes ("Disputed Amounts") and include in such written notice the
specific details and reasons for disputing each item listed in Section 16.3.1.l. The
Non-Paying Party shall pay when due all undisputed amounts to the Billing Party.
15.3 Issues related to Disputed Amounts shall be resolved in accordance with the
procedures identified in the Dispute Resolution provisions set forth in Section 16.
15.4 If the Non-Paying Party disputes any charges and any portion of the dispute is
resolved in favor of such Non-Paying Party, the Parties shall cooperate to ensure
that all of the following actions are taken:
15.4.1 the Billing Party shall credit the invoice of the Non-Paying Party for that
portion of the Disputed Amounts resolved in favor of the Non-Paying
Party, together with any Late Payment Charges assessed with respect
thereto no later than the second Bill Due Date after the resolution of the
Dispute; and
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 28
15.4.2 no later than the third Bill Due Date after the resolution of the dispute
regarding the Disputed Amounts, the Non-Paying Party shall pay the
Billing Party for that portion of the Disputed Amounts resolved in favor of
the Billing Party, together with any Late Payment Charges such Billing
Party is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section.
15.5 Failure by the Non-Paying Party to pay any charges determined by final non-
appealable order resulting from the dispute resolution process to be owed to the
Billing Party within the time specified in the order or if no time is specified, then
within the time set forth in Section 15.4.2 shall be grounds for termination of this
Agreement.
15.6 If either Party request one or more additional copies of a bill, the requesting Party
will pay the Billing Party a reasonable fee for each additional copy, unless such
copy was requested due to failure in delivery of the original bill or correction(s) to
the original bill.
15.7 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Billing Party be allowed to
back bill any charge or charges more than twelve (12) months after the billing
period in which the charges were incurred.
16. DISPUTERESOLUTION
16.1 Finality of Disputes
16.1.1 Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, no claims
will be brought for disputes arising from this Agreement more than
twenty-four (24) months from the date the occurrence which gives rise to
the dispute is discovered or reasonably should have been discovered with
the exercise of due care and attention.
16.1.2 The Parties desire to resolve disputes ansmg out of this Agreement
without litigation. Accordingly, except for action seeking a temporary
restraining order or an injunction related to the purposes of this
Agreement, or suit to compel compliance with this Dispute Resolution
process, the Parties agree to use the following Dispute Resolution
procedure with respect to any controversy or claim arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or its breach. Services as provided under this
Agreement shall continue during the pendency of a dispute pursuant to this
Section 16.
16.2 Commencing Dispute Resolution
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 29
16.2.1 Dispute Resolution shall commence upon one Party's receipt of written
notice of a controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or its breach. No Party may pursue any claim unless such
written notice has first been given to the other Party. There are three (3)
separate Dispute Resolution methods each of which is described below:
16.2.1.1 Service Center;
16.2.1.2 Informal Dispute Resolution; and
16.2.1.3 Formal Dispute Resolution.
16.3 Service Center Dispute Resolution
16.3.1 The following Dispute Resolution procedures will apply with respect to
any billing dispute arising out of or relating to the Agreement.
16.3.1.1 If the written notice given pursuant to Section 15.2
discloses that a dispute relates to billing, then the procedures set
forth in this Section 16.3.1 shall be used and the dispute shall first
be referred to the appropriate service center for resolution. In order
to resolve a billing dispute, one Party shall furnish the other Party
written notice of (i) the date of the bill in question, (ii) BAN
number of the bill in question, (iii) telephone number, circuit ID
number or trunk number in question, (iv) any USOC information
relating to the item questioned, (v) amount billed, (vi) amount in
question, and (vii) the reason that the Party disputes the billed
amount.
16.3.1.2 The Parties shall attempt to resolve Disputed Amounts
appearing on current billing statements thirty (30) to sixty (60)
calendar days from the Bill Due Date (provided the disputing Party
furnishes all requisite information and evidence under Section
16.3.1.1 by the Bill Due Date). If not resolved within thirty (30)
calendar days, upon request, the Parties will notify each other of
the status of the dispute and the expected resolution date.
16.3.1.3 The Parties shall attempt to resolve Disputed Amounts
appearing on statements prior to the current billing statement
within thirty (30) to ninety (90) calendar days, but resolution may
take longer depending on the complexity of the dispute. Either
Party may initiate Informal Resolution of Disputes identified in
Section 16.4 prior to initiating Formal Resolution of Disputes
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 30
identified in Section 16.5 if the Parties are unable to resolve the
Disputed Amounts.
16.4 Informal Resolution of Disputes
16.4.1 Upon receipt by one Party of notice of a dispute by the other Party
pursuant to Section 16.2 or Section 16.3, each Party will appoint a
knowledgeable, responsible representative to meet and negotiate in good
faith to resolve any dispute arising under this Agreement. The location,
form, frequency, duration, and conclusion of these discussions will be left
to the discretion of the representatives. Upon agreement, the
representatives may utilize other alternative Dispute Resolution
procedures such as mediation to assist in the negotiations. Discussions and
the correspondence among the representatives for purposes of settlement
are exempt from discovery and production and will not be admissible in
the arbitration described below or in any lawsuit without the concurrence
of both Parties. Documents identified in or provided with such
communications that were not prepared for purposes of the negotiations
are not so exempted, and, if otherwise admissible, may be admitted in
evidence in the arbitration or lawsuit.
16.5 Formal Resolution of Disputes
16.5.1 Except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement, for all
disputes arising out of or pertaining to this Agreement, including but not
limited to matters not specifically addressed elsewhere in this Agreement
which require clarification, re-negotiation, modifications or additions to
this Agreement, either Party may invoke dispute resolution procedures
available pursuant to the dispute resolution rules, as amended from time to
time, of the Commission. Also, upon mutual agreement, the Parties may
seek commercial binding arbitration as specified in Section 16.6.1.
16.5.2 The Parties agree that the Dispute Resolution procedures set forth in this
Agreement are not intended to conflict with applicable requirements of the
Act or the Commission with regard to procedures for the resolution of
disputes arising out of this Agreement.
16.6 Arbitration
16.6.1 When both Parties agree to binding arbitration, disputes will be submitted
to a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the
American Arbitration Association or pursuant to such other provider of
arbitration services or rules as the Parties may agree. The arbitrator shall
be a person knowledgeable in the area of telecommunications. The place
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 31
where each separate arbitration will be held will be Philadelphia, PA,
unless the Parties agree otherwise. The arbitration hearing will be
requested to commence within sixty (60) days of the demand for
arbitration. The arbitrator will control the scheduling so as to process the
matter expeditiously. The Parties may submit written briefs upon a
schedule determined by the arbitrator. The Parties will request that the
arbitrator rule on the dispute by issuing a written opinion within thirty (30)
days after the close of hearings. The arbitrator has no authority to order
punitive or consequential damages. The times specified in this Section
may be extended or shortened upon mutual agreement of the Parties or by
the arbitrator upon a showing of good cause. Each Party will bear its own
costs of these procedures. The Parties will equally split the fees of the
arbitration and the arbitrator. Judgment upon the award rendered by the
arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
17. TERMINATION OF SERVICE FOR NON-PAYMENT
17.1 Unless otherwise specified therein, Sections 17.1, 17.2, 17.3, and 17.4 shall apply
to all charges billed for all products and services furnished under this Agreement.
17.2 Failure of a Party to pay charges or, by the due date, provide reasonably specific
notice of any disputed charges, may be grounds for disconnection of
Interconnection, functions, facilities, products and services furnished under this
Agreement. If a Party fails to pay by the Bill Due Date, any and all undisputed
charges billed to them under this Agreement, including any Late Payment Charges
as provided for in Section 15.1.3 or miscellaneous charges ("Unpaid Charges"),
and any portion of such Unpaid Charges remain unpaid after the Bill Due Date,
the Billing Party shall notify the Non-Paying Party in writing that in order to avoid
disruption or disconnection of the applicable Interconnection, functions, facilities,
products and services furnished under this Agreement, the Non-Paying Party must
remit all undisputed Unpaid Charges to the Billing Party.
17.3 Disputes hereunder will be resolved in accordance with the Dispute Resolution
Procedures set out in Section 16of this Agreement.
17.4 If any the Non-Paying Party's undisputed charges remain unpaid at the conclusion
of the time period as set forth in Section 15.1.1 above (thirty (30) calendar days
from the due date of such unpaid charges), the Billing Party will notify the Non-
paying Party and the appropriate commission(s) in writing, that unless all charges
are paid within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of such notice, all services
rendered to may be disconnected in accordance with the appropriate
commission(s) rules for discontinuance.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 32
17.5 In the event the Billing Party discontinues service to the Non-Paying Party upon
failure to pay undisputed charges only as provided in this section, the Billing Party
will have no liability to the Non-Paying Party in the event of such disconnection.
17.6 After disconnect procedures have begun, the Billing Party will not accept service
orders from the Non-Paying Party until all unpaid, undisputed charges are paid.
The Non-Paying Party will have the right to require a deposit equal to one
month's charges (based on the highest previous month of service from the Billing
Party) prior to resuming service after disconnect for nonpayment.
17.7 Beyond the specifically set out limitations in this section and the appropriate
commission(s) rules, nothing herein will be interpreted to obligate the Billing
Party to continue to provide service to any such end users or to limit any and all
disconnection rights the Billing Party may have with regard to such end users.
17.8 If the Non-Paying Party desires to dispute any portion of the Unpaid Charges,
such Party shall take all of the following actions not later than fourteen (14)
calendar days following receipt of notice of Unpaid Charges:
17.8.1 The Non-Paying Party shall notify the Billing Party in writing which
portiones) of the Unpaid Charges it disputes, including the total amount
disputed ("Disputed Amounts") and the specific details listed in Section
16.3.1 ofthis Agreement, together with the reasons for its dispute; and
17.8.2 The Non-Paying Party shall immediately pay all undisputed Unpaid
Charges.
18. NOTICES
18.1 In the event any notices are required to be sent under the terms of this Agreement,
they may be sent by mail and are deemed to have been given on the date received.
Notice may also be effected by personal delivery or by overnight courier, and will
be effective upon receipt. Notice may also be provided by facsimile, which will
be effective on the next business day following the date of transmission; provided,
however, notices to a Party's 24-hour maintenance contact number will be by
telephone and/or facsimile and will be deemed to have been received on the date
transmitted. The Parties will provide the appropriate telephone and facsimile
numbers to each other.
18.2 Initial communications may be provided via email messages to the Parties set
forth below. However, such e-mail communications shall be followed by one of
the notice methods set forth above in Section 18.1, and notice shall be deemed
given only pursuant to the terms of Section 18.1.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
September 2009
Interconnection Agreement

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 33
18.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, notice will be directed
as follows:
Ifto COMCAST:
ATTN: Mr. Brian Rankin
Assistant General Counsel
One Comcast Center
Philadelphia, PA 19103
Phone: 215-286-7325
Fax: 215-286-5039
Email: BrianRankin@comcast.com
with a copy to:
Ms. Beth Choroser
Senior Director of Regulatory Compliance
One Comcast Center
Philadelphia, PA 19103
Phone: 215-286-7893
Fax: 215-286-5039
Email: beth_choroser@comcast.com
Ifto TDS TELECOM:
TDS TELECOM
ATTN: Carrier Relations
10025 Investment Dr., Suite 200
Knoxville, TN 37932
Fax: (865)966-4720
carrierrelations@tdstelecom.com
With a copy to:
TDS TELECOM
ATTN: Regulatory & Corporate Counsel
P.O. Box 5366
Madison, WI 53705-0366
Fax: (608) 664-4519
Peter.healy@tdstelecom.com
18.4 Either Party may unilaterally change its designated representative and/or address,
telephone contact number or facsimile number for the receipt of notices by giving
written notice to the other Party in compliance with this Section. Any notice to
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 34
change the designated contact, address, telephone and/or facsimile number for
receipt of notices will be deemed effective ten (10) calendar days following
receipt by the other Party.
19. TAXES
19.1 With respect to any purchase of service under this Agreement, if any Federal, state
or local government tax, fee, surcharge, or other tax-like charge (a "Tax") is
required or permitted by applicable law, ordinance or tariff to be collected from a
purchasing Party by the providing Party, then (i) the providing Party will bill, as a
separately stated item, the purchasing Party for such Tax, (ii) the purchasing Party
will timely remit such Tax to the providing Party, and (iii) the providing Party will
remit such collected Tax to the applicable taxing authority.
19.2 If the providing Party does not collect a Tax because the purchasing Party asserts
that it is not responsible for the tax, or is otherwise excepted from the obligation
which is later determined by formal action to be wrong then, as between the
providing Party and the purchasing Party, the purchasing Party will be liable for
such uncollected Tax and any interest due and/or penalty assessed on the
uncollected Tax by the applicable taxing authority or governmental entity.
19.3 If either Party is audited by a taxing authority or other governmental entity, the
other Party agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Party being audited in order to
respond to any audit inquiries in a proper and timely manner so that the audit
and/or any resulting controversy may be resolved expeditiously.
19.4 If applicable law excludes or exempts a purchase of services under this
Agreement from a Tax, and if such applicable law also provides an exemption
procedure, such as an exemption certificate requirement, then, if the purchasing
Party complies with such procedure, the providing Party, subject to Section 19.2,
will not collect such Tax during the effective period of the exemption. Such
exemption will be effective upon receipt of the exemption certificate or affidavit
in accordance with Section 19.6.
19.5 If applicable law excludes or exempts a purchase of services under this
Agreement from a Tax, including but not limited to Taxes levied on the providing
Party's gross revenue or Taxes that do not apply to carrier's carrier revenue, then
the providing Party will not collect such Tax. Where a Tax is required to be
levied on the purchasing Party if the purchasing Party meets a de minimis
threshold (e.g., the federal Universal Service Fund surcharge), the purchasing
Party may be asked to supply the providing Party with a letter or form signed by
an officer of the purchasing Party claiming an exemption.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 35
19.6 To the extent a sale is claimed to be for resale and thus subject to tax exemption,
the purchasing Party shall furnish the providing Party a proper resale tax
exemption certificate as authorized or required by statute or regulation of the
jurisdiction providing said resale tax exemption. Failure to timely provide said
resale tax exemption certificate will result in no exemption being available to the
purchasing Party for any period prior to the date that the purchasing Party presents
a valid certificate. If Applicable Law excludes or exempts a purchase of
Interconnection, functions, facilities, products and services under this Agreement
from a Tax, but does not also provide an exemption procedure, then the providing
Party will not collect such Tax. Where a Tax is required to be levied on the
purchasing Party if the purchasing Party meets a de minimis threshold (e.g., the
federal Universal Service Fund surcharge), the purchasing Party may be asked to
supply the providing Party with a letter or form signed by an officer of the
purchasing Party claiming an exemption.
19.7 With respect to any Tax or Tax controversy covered by this Section 19, the
purchasing Party is entitled to contest with the imposing jurisdiction, pursuant to
Applicable Law and at its own expense, any Tax that it is ultimately obligated to
pay or collect. The purchasing Party will ensure that no lien is attached to any
asset of the providing Party as a result of any contest. The purchasing Party shall
be entitled to the benefit of any refund or recovery of amounts that it had
previously paid resulting from such a contest. Amounts previously paid by the
providing Party shall be refunded to the providing Party. The providing Party will
cooperate in any such contest.
19.8 All notices, affidavits, exemption certificates or other communications required or
permitted to be given by either Party to the other under this Section shall be sent
in accordance with Section 18hereof.
20. FORCE MAJEURE
20.1 Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, neither Party will be
liable for any delay or failure in performance of any part of this Agreement caused
by a Force Majeure condition, including acts of the United States of America or
any state, territory, or political subdivision thereof, acts of God or a public enemy,
fires, floods, labor disputes such as strikes and lockouts, freight embargoes,
earthquakes, volcanic actions, wars, acts of terrorism, civil disturbances, cable
cuts, or other causes beyond the reasonable control of the Party claiming
excusable delay or other failure to perform. Provided, Force Majeure will not
include acts of any Governmental Authority relating to environmental, health, or
safety conditions at work locations. If any Force Majeure condition occurs the
Party whose performance fails or is delayed because of such Force Majeure
conditions will give prompt notice to the other Party, and upon cessation of such
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

Interconnection Agreement
COM-42646
General Terms and Conditions
Page 36
Force Majeure condition, will give like notice and commence performance
hereunder as promptly as reasonably practicable.
21. PUBLICITY
21.1 The Parties agree not to use in any advertising or sales promotion, press releases
or other publicity matters, any endorsements, direct or indirect quotes or pictures
implying endorsement by the other Party or any of its employees without such
Party's prior written approval. The Parties will submit to each other for written
approval, prior to publication, all such publicity endorsement matters that mention
or display the other's name and/or marks or contain language from which a
connection to said name and/or marks may be inferred or implied; the Party to
whom a request is directed shall respond promptly. Nothing herein, however,
shall be construed as preventing either Party from publicly stating the fact that it
has executed this Agreement with the other Party. This does not prohibit the use
of valid comparison advertising.
21.2 Nothing in this Agreement shall grant, suggest, or imply any authority for either
Party to use the name, trademarks, service marks, trade names, brand names,
logos, proprietary trade dress or trade names, insignia, symbols or decorative
designs of the other Party or its affiliates without the other Party's prior written
authorization.
22. NETWORK MAINTENANCE ANDMANAGEMENT
22.1 The Parties will work cooperatively to implement this Agreement. The Parties
will exchange appropriate information (e.g., maintenance contact numbers,
network information, information required to comply with law enforcement and
other security agencies of the federal and state governments, etc.) to achieve this
desired result.
22.2 Each Party will provide a 24-hour contact number for Network Traffic
Management issues to the other's surveillance management center. Each Party
will administer its network to ensure acceptable service levels to all users of its
network services. Service levels are generally considered acceptable only when
End Users are able to establish connections with little or no delay encountered in
the network. A facsimile (FAX) number must also be provided to facilitate event
notifications for planned mass calling events. Each Party will maintain the right
to implement protective network traffic management controls such as "cancel to"
or "call gapping" or 7-digit and 10-digit code gaps, to selectively cancel the
completion of traffic over its network, including traffic destined for the other
Party's network, when required to protect the public-switched network from
congestion as a result of occurrences such as facility failures, switch congestion or
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 37
failure or focused overload. Each Party shall immediately notify the other Party of
any protective control action planned or executed.
22.3 Where the capability exists, originating or terminating traffic reroutes may be
implemented by either Party to temporarily relieve network congestion due to
facility failures or abnormal calling patterns. Reroutes shall not be used to
circumvent normal trunk servicing. Expansive controls shall be used only when
mutually agreed to by the Parties.
22.4 The Parties shall cooperate and share pre-planning information regarding cross-
network call-ins expected to generate large or focused temporary increases in call
volumes to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events on the public-switched
network, including any disruption or loss of service to the other Party's End
Users.
22.5 In the event of interference or impairment of the quality of service between
services or facilities of COMCAST and TDS TELECOM the Parties agree to the
following:
22.5.1 The Party that first becomes aware of the interference will provide notice
to the other Party as soon as possible.
22.5.2 The Parties will work cooperatively to determine the source of the
interference and to implement mutually agreeable solutions that provide
for the minimum negative impact to either Party's products and services.
However, the Parties acknowledge that multiple carriers and end users
connect to each Party's network and in some instances the solution that
minimizes the impact to the greatest number of carriers and end users may
require that a facility, product, or service of a Party be temporarily
disconnected until the interference can be corrected.
22.5.3 If the Parties are unable to agree upon a solution, either Party may invoke
the dispute resolution provisions of the Agreement, provided that a Party
may apply for injunctive relief immediately if such is required to prevent
irreparable harm.
23. LAW ENFORCEMENT AND CIVILPROCESS
23.1 TDS TELECOM and COMCAST shall reasonably cooperate with the other Party
in handling law enforcement requests as follows:
23.1.1 Intercept Devices
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

Interconnection Agreement
COM-42646
General Terms and Conditions
Page 38
Local and federal law enforcement agencies periodically request
information or assistance from local telephone service providers. When
either Party receives a request associated with a customer of the other
Party, the receiving Party will refer such request to the appropriate Party,
unless the request directs the receiving Party to attach a pen register, trap-
and-trace or form of intercept on the Party's own facilities, in which case
that Party will comply with any valid request, to the extent the receiving
Party is able to do so; if such compliance requires the assistance of the
other Party such assistance will be provided.
23.1.2 Subpoenas
If a Party receives a subpoena for information concerning an end user the
Party knows to be an end user of the other Party, the receiving Party will
refer the subpoena to the requesting entity with an indication that the other
Party is the responsible company. Provided, however, if the subpoena
requests records for a period of time during which the receiving Party was
the end user's service provider, the receiving Party will respond to any
valid request to the extent the receiving Party is able to do so; if response
requires the assistance of the other Party such assistance will be provided.
23.1.3 Law Enforcement Emergencies
If a Party receives a request from a law enforcement agency to implement
at its switch a temporary number change, temporary disconnect, or one-
way denial of outbound calls for an end user of the other Party, the
receiving Party will comply so long as it is a valid emergency request.
Neither Party will be held liable for any claims or damages arising from
compliance with such requests, and the Party serving the end user agrees
to indemnify and hold the other Party harmless against any and all such
claims.
24. CHANGES IN SUBSCRIBER CARRIER SELECTION
24.1 Each Party will abide by applicable federal and state laws and regulations in
obtaining End User authorization prior to changing an End User's Local Exchange
Carrier to itself and in assuming responsibility for any applicable charges as
specified in Section 258(b) of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 and as
implemented by the relevant orders of the FCC. Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. Section
64.1120, neither Party may request to view an individual End-User authorization
before releasing a customer service record (CSR) to the other Party, nor may such
authorization be requested before processing a local service request (LSR).
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 39
25. AMENDMENTS ORWAIVERS
25.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no amendment or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement and no consent to any default under this Agreement
will be effective unless the same is in writing and signed by an officer of the Party
against whom such amendment, waiver or consent is claimed. In addition, no
course of dealing or failure of a Party strictly to enforce any term, right or
condition of this Agreement will be construed as a waiver of such term, right, or
condition. Waiver by either Party of any default by the other Party shall not be
deemed a waiver of any other default. Failure of either Party to insist on
performance of any term or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any right or
privilege hereunder shall not be construed as a continuing or future waiver of such
term, condition, right or privilege. By entering into this Agreement, the Parties do
not waive any right granted to them pursuant to the Act; however, the Parties enter
into this Agreement without prejudice to any positions they have taken previously,
or may take in the future in any legislative, regulatory or other public forum
addressing any matters, including matters related to the types of arrangements
prescribed by this Agreement.
25.2 At anytime during the effective term of this Agreement and upon request by the
COMCAST, COMCAST shall be entitled to obtain from TDS TELECOM
any interconnection agreement in its entirety provided by TDS TELECOM to any
other telecommunications provider that has been filed and approved by the
Commission on the same terms and conditions. The Parties agree that such terms
and conditions shall be effective immediately upon request by the COMCAST.
26. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES OFTHEPARTIES
26.1 TDS TELECOM and COMCAST shall each use commercially reasonable efforts
to meet the Interconnection Activation Dates.
26.2 Each Party is individually responsible to provide facilities within its network that
are necessary for routing, transporting, measuring, and billing traffic from the
other Party's network and for delivering such traffic to the other Party's network in
the standard format and to terminate the traffic it receives in that standard format
to the proper address on its network.
26.3 The Parties shall exchange technical descriptions and forecasts of their
Interconnection and traffic requirements in sufficient detail necessary to establish
the facilities required to assure traffic completion to and from all End Users in
their respective designated service areas.
26.4 Each Party is solely responsible for all products and services it provides to its End
Users and to other Telecommunications Carriers.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 40
26.5 Facilities-based carriers are responsible for administering their End User records
in a LIDB.
26.6 At all times during the term of this Agreement, each Party shall keep and maintain
in force at its own expense the following minimum insurance coverage and limits
and any additional insurance and/or bonds required by Applicable Law:
26.6.1 Workers' Compensation insurance with benefits afforded under the laws
of each state covered by this Agreement and Employers Liability insurance
with minimum limits of $1,000,000 for Bodily Injury-each accident,
$1,000,000 for Bodily Injury by disease-policy limits and $1,000,000 for
Bodily Injury by disease-each employee.
26.6.2 Commercial General Liability insurance with rmrumum limits of:
$5,000,000 General Aggregate limit; $1,000,000 each occurrence sub-limit
for all bodily injury or property damage incurred in anyone occurrence;
$1,000,000 each occurrence sub-limit for Personal Injury and Advertising;
$5,000,000 Products/Completed Operations Aggregate limit, with a
$1,000,000 each occurrence sub-limit for Products/Completed Operations.
The other Party must be named as an Additional Insured on the
Commercial General Liability policy. Each Party agrees to waive its
respective rights of subrogation in favor of the other Party on the
Commercial General Liability policy.
26.6.3 If use of an automobile is required, Automobile Liability insurance with
minimum limits of $1,000,000 combined single limits per occurrence for
bodily injury and property damage, which coverage shall extend to all
owned, hired and non-owned vehicles.
26.6.4 Each Party shall require subcontractors providing services under this
Agreement to maintain in force the insurance coverage and limits required
in Sections 26.6 through 26.6.3 of this Agreement provided that a Party
may, with consent of the other Party, utilize a subcontractor with different
limits of insurance if appropriate to the scope of work to be performed,
consent not to be unreasonably withheld.
26.6.5 The Parties agree that companies affording the insurance coverage
required under Section 26.6 shall have a rating of A- or better and a
Financial Size Category rating of VII or better, as rated in the A.M. Best
Key Rating Guide for Property and Casualty Insurance Companies. Upon
request from the other Party, each Party shall provide to the other Party
evidence of such insurance coverage.
TDS TELECOM/Corncast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 41
26.6.6 Each Party agrees to provide the other Party with at least thirty (30)
calendar days advance written notice of cancellation, material reduction or
non-renewal of any of the insurance policies required herein.
26.6.7 This Section 26.6 is a general statement of insurance requirements and
shall be in addition to any specific requirement of insurance referenced
elsewhere in this Agreement or a Referenced Instrument.
26.7 Upon the Parties' signature of this Agreement, the Parties shall exchange state-
specific authorized and nationally recognized OCN/AOCNs for facilities-based
Interconnection.
26.8 In the event that either Party makes any corporate name change (including
addition or deletion of a d/b/a), change in OCN/AOCN, or makes or accepts a
transfer or assignment of interconnection trunks or facilities (including leased
facilities), or a change in any other identifier (collectively, a "Party Change"),
changing Party shall submit written notice to the other Party within thirty (30)
calendar days of the first action taken to implement such Party Change. Within
thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of that notice, the Parties shall
negotiate rates to compensate the non-changed Party for the direct costs to be
incurred to make the change to the applicable non-changed Party's databases,
systems, records and/or recording announcement(s). In addition, the Party
requesting the change shall compensate the other Party for any service order
charges and/or service request charges associated with such Party Change. The
Party's agreement to implement a Party Change is conditioned upon the
requesting Party's agreement to pay all reasonable charges billed for such Party
Change.
26.9 When an End User changes its service provider from TDS TELECOM to
COMCAST or from COMCAST to TDS TELECOM and does not retain its
original telephone number, the Party formerly providing service to such End User
shall furnish, upon request, a referral announcement ("Referral
Announcement") on the original telephone number that specifies the End User's
new telephone number.
26.9.1 Referral Announcements shall be provided by a Party to the other Party for
the period of time and at the rates set forth in the referring Party's tariff(s);
provided, however, if either Party provides Referral Announcements for a
period different (either shorter or longer) than the period(s) stated in its
tariff(s) when its End Users change their telephone numbers, such Party
shall provide the same level of service to End Users ofthe other Party.
26.10 Each Party agrees to notify the other Party as soon as practicable whenever such
Party has knowledge that a labor dispute concerning its employees is delaying or
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

Interconnection Agreement
COM-42646
General Terms and Conditions
Page 42
threatens to delay such Party's timely performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and shall endeavor to minimize impairment of service to the other
Party.
27. AUTHORITY
27.1 Each person whose signature appears below represents that he or she has authority
to bind the Party on whose behalf he or she has executed this Agreement.
27.2 Each of the TDS TELECOM operating companies, for which this Agreement is
executed represents and warrants that it is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of New Hampshire.
27.3 COMCAST represents that it is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the State of New Hampshire and has full
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder. COMCAST represents that it has been certified to provide
intrastate telecommunications in New Hampshire, including local exchange
service, by the Commission prior to submitting any orders hereunder and is or will
be authorized to provide the Telecommunications Services contemplated
hereunder in the territory contemplated hereunder prior to submission of orders
for such Service.
28. BINDINGEFFECT
28.1 This Agreement will be binding on and inure to the benefit of the respective
successors and permitted assigns of the Parties.
29. CONSENT
29.1 Where consent, approval, or mutual agreement is required of a Party, it will not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
30. EXPENSES
30.1 Except as specifically set out in this Agreement, each Party will be solely
responsible for its own expenses involved in all activities related to the subject of
this Agreement.
30.2 TDS TELECOM and COMCAST shall each be responsible for one-half (1/2) of
any applicable expenses payable to a Third Party for Commission fees or other
charges (including regulatory fees and any costs of notice or publication, but not
including attorney's fees) associated with the filing of this agreement.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
September 2009
Interconnection Agreement

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 43
31. HEADINGS
31.1 The headings and number of Sections, Parts, Appendices, Schedules and Exhibits
to this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and will not
be considered to define or limit any of the terms herein or affect the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.
32. RELATIONSHIP OFPARTIESIINDEPENDENTCONTRACTOR
32.1 Each Party is an independent contractor, and has and hereby retains the right to
exercise full control of and supervision over its own performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and retains full control over the employment,
direction, compensation and discharge of its employees assisting in the
performance of such obligations. Each Party and each Party's contractor(s) shall
be solely responsible for all matters relating to payment of such employees,
including the withholding or payment of all applicable federal, state and local
income taxes, social security taxes and other payroll taxes with respect to its
employees, as well as any taxes, contributions or other obligations imposed by
applicable state unemployment or workers' compensation acts and all other
regulations governing such matters. Each Party has sole authority and
responsibility to hire, fire and otherwise control its employees.
32.2 Nothing contained herein shall constitute the Parties as joint venturers, partners,
employees or agents of one another, and neither Party shall have the right or
power to bind or obligate the other. Nothing herein will be construed as making
either Party responsible or liable for the obligations and undertakings of the other
Party. Except for provisions herein expressly authorizing a Party to act for
another, nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a Party as a legal
representative or agent of the other Party, nor shall a Party have the right or
authority to assume, create or incur any liability or any obligation of any kind,
express or implied, against or in the name or on behalf of the other Party unless
otherwise expressly permitted by such other Party. Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement, no Party undertakes to perform any obligation of the
other Party, whether regulatory or contractual, or to assume any responsibility for
the management of the other Party's business.
33. MULTIPLE COUNTERPARTS
33.1 This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which will be
deemed an original but all of which will together constitute but one, and the same
document.
34. THIRDPARTY BENEFICIARIES
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 44
34.1 This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their permitted assigns,
and nothing herein expressed or implied shall create or be construed to create any
Third Party beneficiary rights hereunder. This Agreement shall not provide and
will not be construed to provide any Person not a party hereto with any remedy,
claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action, or other right in excess of those
existing without reference hereto.
35. REGULATORY APPROVAL
35.1 The Parties understand and agree that this Agreement and any amendment or
modification hereto will be filed with the Commission for approval in accordance
with Section 252 of the Act and may thereafter be filed with the FCC. Each Party
covenants and agrees to fully support approval of this Agreement by the
Commission or the FCC under Section 252 of the Act without modification.
36. REGULATORY AUTHORITY
36.1 TDS TELECOM will be responsible for obtaining and keeping in effect all FCC,
state regulatory commission, franchise authority and other regulatory approvals
that may be required in connection with the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement. COMCAST will be responsible for obtaining and keeping in
effect all FCC, state regulatory commission, franchise authority and other
regulatory approvals that may be required in connection with its obligations under
this Agreement. COMCAST will reasonably cooperate with TDS TELECOM in
obtaining and maintaining any required approvals for which TDS TELECOM is
responsible, and TDS TELECOM will reasonably cooperate with COMCAST in
obtaining and maintaining any required approvals for which COMCAST is
responsible.
37. COMPLIANCEAND CERTIFICATION
37.1 Each Party shall comply at its own expense with all Applicable Laws that relate to
that Party's obligations to the other Party under this Agreement. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed as requiring or permitting either Party to contravene
any mandatory requirement of Applicable Law.
37.2 Each Party represents that it has obtained all necessary state certification prior to
ordering any Interconnection, functions, facilities, products and services from the
other Party pursuant to this Agreement. Upon request, each Party shall provide
proof of certification.
37.3 Each Party shall be responsible for obtaining and keeping in effect all approvals
from, and rights granted by, Governmental Authorities, building and property
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 45
owners, other carriers, and any other Third Parties that may be required m
connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
38. AUDITS
38.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 8 and except as may be otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement, a Party (the "Auditing Party") may audit
the other Party's (the "Audited Party") books, records, data and other documents,
as provided herein, once annually, with the audit period commencing not earlier
than the date on which services were first supplied under this Agreement ("service
start date") for the purpose of evaluating (i) the accuracy of Audited Party's billing
and invoicing of the services provided hereunder and (ii) verification of
compliance with any provision of this Agreement that affects the accuracy of
Auditing Party's billing and invoicing of the services provided to Audited Party
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Auditing Party may audit the
Audited Party's books, records and documents more than once annually if the
previous audit found (i) previously uncorrected net variances or errors in invoices
in Audited Party's favor with an aggregate value of at least ten percent (10%) of
the amounts payable by Auditing Party for audited services provided during the
period covered by the audit or (ii) non-compliance by Audited Party with any
provision of this Agreement affecting Auditing Party's billing and invoicing of the
services provided to Audited Party with an aggregate value of at least ten percent
(10%) of the amounts payable by Audited Party for audited services provided
during the period covered by the audit.
38.1.1 The scope of the audit shall be limited to the period which is the shorter of
(i) the period subsequent to the last day of the period covered by the audit
which was last performed (or if no audit has been performed, the service
start date) and (ii) the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the
date the Audited Party received notice of such requested audit, but in any
event not prior to the service start date. Such audit shall begin no fewer
than thirty (30) calendar days after Audited Party receives a written notice
requesting an audit and shall be completed no later than thirty (30)
calendar days after the start of such audit.
38.1.2 Such audit shall be conducted either by the Auditing Party's employee(s)
or an independent auditor acceptable to both Parties. If an independent
auditor is to be engaged, the Parties shall select an auditor by the thirtieth
(30th day following Audited Party's receipt of a written audit notice.
)
Auditing Party shall cause the independent auditor to execute a
nondisclosure agreement in a form agreed upon by the Parties. Audits shall
be performed at Auditing Party's expense.
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 46
38.1.3 Each audit shall be conducted on the premises of the Audited Party during
normal business hours. Audited Party shall cooperate fully in any such
audit and shall provide the auditor reasonable access to any and all
appropriate Audited Party employees and any books, records and other
documents reasonably necessary to assess (i) the accuracy of Audited
Party's bills and (ii) Audited Party's compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement that affect the accuracy of Auditing Party's billing and
invoicing of the services provided to Audited Party hereunder. Audited
Party may redact from the books, records and other documents provided to
the auditor any Audited Party Proprietary Information that reveals the
identity of End Users of Audited Party.
38.1.4 Each Party shall maintain reports, records and data relevant to the billing
of any services that are the subject matter of this Agreement for a period of
not less than twenty-four (24) months after creation thereof, unless a
longer period is required by Applicable Law.
38.1.5 If any audit confirms any undercharge or overcharge, then Audited Party
shall (i) promptly correct any billing error, including making refund of any
overpayment by Auditing Party in the form of a credit on the invoice for
the first full billing cycle after the Parties have agreed upon the accuracy of
the audit results and (ii) for any undercharge caused by the actions of the
Audited Party, immediately compensate Auditing Party for such
undercharge, and (iii) in each case, calculate and pay interest as provided
in Section 15.1.3.1 for the number of calendar days from the date on which
such undercharge or overcharge originated until the date on which such
credit is issued or payment is made and available.
38.1.6 Any disputes concerning audit results shall be referred to the Parties'
respective personnel responsible for informal resolution. If these
individuals cannot resolve the dispute within thirty (30) calendar days of
the referral, either Party may request in writing that an additional audit
shall be conducted by an independent auditor acceptable to both Parties,
subject to the requirements set out in this section. Any additional audit
shall be at the requesting Party's expense.
39. COMPLETETERMS
39.1 The terms contained in this Agreement and any Appendices, Attachments,
Exhibits, Schedules, and Addenda constitute the entire agreement between the
Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior
understandings, proposals and other communications, oral or written.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 47
40. COOPERATION ON PREVENTING END USER FRAUD
40.1 Neither Party shall be liable for any fraud associated with the other Party's End
User's account, including 1+ IntraLATA toll, ported numbers, and Alternate
Billing Service (ABS). ABS is a service that allows End Users to bill calls to
account(s) that might not be associated with the originating line. There are three
(3) types of ABS calls: calling card, collect, and third number billed calls.
40.2 The Parties agree to cooperate with one another to investigate, minimize, and take
corrective action in cases of fraud. The Parties' fraud minimization procedures are
to be cost-effective and implemented so as not to unduly burden or harm one Party
as compared to the other.
41. NOTICE OF NETWORK CHANGES
41.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall limit either Party's ability to upgrade its network
through the incorporation of new equipment, new software or otherwise. Each
Party agrees to provide reasonable notice of changes in the information necessary
for the transmission and routing of services using facilities or networks, as well as
other changes that affect the interoperability of those respective facilities and
networks.
42. GOOD FAITH PERFORMANCE
42.1 In the performance oftheir obligations under this Agreement the Parties will act in
good faith and consistently with the intent of the Act. Where notice, approval or
similar action by a Party is permitted or required by any provision of this
Agreement, (including, without limitation, the obligation of the Parties to further
negotiate the resolution of new or open issues under this Agreement) such action
will not be unreasonably delayed, withheld or conditioned.
43. GOVERNMENTAL COMPLIANCE
43.1 COMCAST and TDS TELECOM each will comply at its own expense with all
applicable law related to (i) its obligations under or activities in connection with
this Agreement; of (ii) its activities undertaken at, in connection with or relating to
work locations. COMCAST and TDS TELECOM each agree to indemnify,
defend, (at the other Party's request) and save harmless the other, each of its
officers, directors and employees from and against any losses, damages, claims,
demands, suits, liabilities, fines, penalties, and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) that arise out of or result from its failure or the failure of its
contractors or agents to so comply. Except as expressly specified in this
Agreement, TDS TELECOM, at its own expense, will be solely responsible for
obtaining from governmental authorities, building owners, other carriers, and any
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 48
other persons or entities, all rights and privileges (including, but not limited to,
space and power), which are necessary for TDS TELECOM to provide services
pursuant to this Agreement.
44. RESPONSIBILITY FOR ENVIRONMENTALCONTAMINATION
44.1 Each Party will be solely responsible at it own expense for the proper handling,
storage, transport, treatment, disposal and use of all Hazardous Substances by
such Party and its contractors and agents. "Hazardous Substances" includes those
substances:
44.1.1 included within the definition of hazardous substance, hazardous waste,
hazardous material, toxic substance, solid waste or pollutant or
contaminant under any Applicable Law, and
44.1.2 listed by any governmental agency as a hazardous substance.
44.2 COMCAST will in no event be liable to TDS TELECOM for any costs
whatsoever resulting from the presence or Release of any Environmental Hazard,
including Hazardous Substances, that COMCAST did not introduce to the
affected work location. TDS TELECOM will indemnify, defend (at
COMCAST's request) and hold harmless COMCAST, each of its officers,
directors and employees from and against any losses, damages, claims, demands,
suits, liabilities, fines, penalties and expenses (including reasonable attorneys'
fees) that arises out of or result from (i) any Environmental Hazard that TDS
TELECOM, its contractors or agents introduce to the work locations or (ii) the
presence or Release of any Environmental Hazard for which TDS TELECOM is
responsible under Applicable Law.
44.3 TDS TELECOM will in no event be liable to COMCAST for any costs
whatsoever resulting from the presence or Release of any Environmental Hazard
that TDS TELECOM did not introduce to the affected work location. COMCAST
will indemnify, defend (at TDS TELECOM's request) and hold harmless TDS
TELECOM, each of its officers, directors and employees from and against any
losses, damages, claims, demands, suits, liabilities, fines, penalties and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys' fees) that arise out of or result from i) any
Environmental Hazard that COMCAST, its contractors or agents introduce to the
work locations or ii) the presence or Release of any Environmental Hazard for
which COMCAST is responsible under Applicable Law.
45. SUBCONTRACTING
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 49
45.1 If any obligation is performed through a subcontractor, each Party will remain
fully responsible for the performance of this Agreement in accordance with its
terms, including any obligations either Party performs through subcontractors, and
each Party will be solely responsible for payments due the Party's subcontractors.
No subcontractor will be deemed a third party beneficiary for any purposes under
this Agreement. Any subcontractor who gains access to CPNI or Confidential
Information covered by this Agreement will be required by the subcontracting
Party to protect such CPNI or Confidential Information to the same extent the
subcontracting Party is required to protect the same under the terms of this
Agreement.
46. REFERENCED DOCUMENTS
46.1 Unless the context shall otherwise specifically require, and subject to Section 21,
whenever any provision of this Agreement refers to a technical reference,
technical publication, any publication of telecommunications industry
administrative or technical standards, or any other document specifically
incorporated into this Agreement, it will be deemed to be a reference to the most
recent version or edition (including any amendments, supplements, addenda, or
successors) of each document that is in effect, and will include the most recent
version or edition (including any amendments, supplements, addenda, or
successors) of each document incorporated by reference in such a technical
reference, technical publication, or publication of industry standards.
46.2 References
References herein to Sections, Paragraphs, Exhibits, Parts, Schedules, and
Appendices shall be deemed to be references to Sections, Paragraphs and Parts of,
and Exhibits, Schedules and Appendices to, this Agreement unless the context
shall otherwise require.
46.3 Tariff References
46.3.1 Wherever any Commission ordered tariff provision or rate is cited or
quoted herein, it is understood that said cite encompasses any revisions or
modifications to said tariff.
46.3.2 Wherever any Commission ordered tariff provision or rate is incorporated,
cited or quoted herein, it is understood that said incorporation or reference
applies only to the entity within the state whose Commission ordered that
tariff.
46.4 Conflict in Provisions
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 50
46.4.1 In the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Agreement, either
Party's operational guidelines and the Act, the order of control shall be the
Act, followed by this Agreement and finally the operational guidelines.
46.4.2 If any definitions, terms or conditions in any given Appendix, Attachment,
Exhibit, Schedule or Addenda differ from those contained in the main
body of this Agreement, the definitions, terms or conditions in the main
body of this Agreement will supersede those contained in any given
Appendix, Attachment, Exhibit, Schedule or Addenda; provided, however
unless the Appendix, Attachment, Exhibit, Schedule or Addenda explicitly
calls for its definition, terms or conditions to control, which effect shall be
limited to that particular Appendix, Attachment, Exhibit, Schedule or
Addenda and such Appendix, Attachment, Exhibit, Schedule or Addenda
is executed by an officer (at the vice president level or higher) of both
parties). If an Appendix contains a Term length that differs from the Term
length in the main body of this Agreement, the Term length of that
Appendix will control the length of time that services or activities are to
occur under that Appendix, but will not affect the Term length of the
remainder of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in
this subsection 46.4.2, the provisions of Section 5 (Liability and
Indemnification) and Section 6 (Breach of Contract) of Appendix WP
(White Pages Directory) shall supersede the liability, indemnification and
breach provisions contained in the main body of this Agreement with
respect to services or activities that are to occur under Appendix WP.
46.5 Joint Work Product
46.5.1 This Agreement is the joint work product of the Parties and has been
negotiated by the Parties and their respective counsel and shall be fairly
interpreted in accordance with its terms and, in the event of any
ambiguities, no inferences shall be drawn against either Party.
47. SEVERABILITY
47.1 Subject to the provisions set forth in Section 4 of the General Terms and
Conditions, if any term, condition or provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid or unenforceable for any reason, each Party agrees that such provision
shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of
the Parties, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be impaired or affected thereby.
If necessary to effectuate the intent of the Parties, the Parties will promptly
negotiate in good faith to amend this Agreement with a replacement provision or
provisions for the unenforceable language that reflects such intent as closely as
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 51
possible. If impasse is reached, the Parties will resolve said impasse under the
dispute resolution procedures set forth in Section 16.
47.2 Incorporation by Reference
The General Terms and Conditions of this Agreement, and every Interconnection,
function, facility, product or service provided hereunder, shall be subject to all
rates, terms and conditions contained in the Appendices to this Agreement which
are legitimately related to such Interconnection, function, facility, product or
service.
48. SURVIVALOF OBLIGATIONS
48.1 Any liabilities or obligations of a Party for acts or omISSIOns prior to the
cancellation or termination of this Agreement, any obligation of a Party under the
provisions regarding indemnification, Confidential Information, limitations on
liability, and any other provisions of this Agreement which, by their terms, are
contemplated to survive (or to be performed after) termination of this Agreement,
will survive cancellation or termination thereof.
49. GOVERNINGLAW
49.1 Unless otherwise provided by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the Act, the FCC Rules and Regulations
interpreting the Act and other applicable federal law, as well as the laws of the
State of New Hampshire, and the rules and regulations of the Commission. To
the extent that federal law would apply state law in interpreting this Agreement,
the domestic laws of the state in which the Interconnection, functions, facilities,
products and services at issue are furnished or sought shall apply, without regard
to that state's conflict of laws principles. The Parties submit to personal
jurisdiction in New Hampshire, and waive any and all objection to any such
venue.
50. OTHERREQUIREMENTS
50.1 ACCESS TO RIGHTS-OF-WAY - SECTION 251(b)(4)
50.1.1 TDS TELECOM shall provide to COMCAST non-discriminatory access
to Poles, Ducts, Conduits and Rights of Way owned or controlled by TDS
TELECOM. Such access shall be provided in accordance with, but only to
the extent required by, Applicable Law, pursuant to TDS TELECOM's
applicable tariffs, or, in the absence of an applicable TDS TELECOM
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 52
tariff, TDS TELECOM's generally offered form oflicense agreement or a
mutually acceptable agreement negotiated, or to be negotiated, by the
Parties.
50.2 DIALING PARITY - SECTION 251(b)(3)
50.2.1 The Parties shall provide Dialing Parity to each other as required under
Section 251(b)(3) of the Act.
51. APPENDICES INCORPORATEDBY REFERENCE
51.1 This Agreement incorporates the following listed Appendices. These appendices
along with their associated Attachments, Exhibits and Addenda constitute the
entire Agreement between the Parties.
ITR- Interconnection Trunking Requirements
NIM- Network Interconnection Methods
Number Portability
Numbering
Pricing
Reciprocal Compensation
WP- White Pages
911
51.2 LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY- SECTION 251(b)(2)
51.2.1 The Parties shall provide to each other Local Number Portability (LNP) on
a reciprocal basis as outlined in the applicable Appendix Number
Portability, which is/are attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference.
51.3 INTERCONNECTION TRUNKING REQUIREMENTS- SECTION 251(a)
51.3.1 TDS TELECOM shall provide to COMCAST Interconnection of the
Parties' facilities and equipment for the transmission and routing of
Telephone Exchange Service traffic and Exchange Access traffic pursuant
to the Appendix ITR, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference. Methods for Interconnection and Physical Architecture shall be
as defined in the Appendix NIM, which is attached hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.
51.4 TRANSMISSION AND ROUTING OF TELEPHONE EXCHANGE SERVICE
TRAFFIC
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 53
51.4.1 The Appendix Reciprocal Compensation, which is attached hereto and
incorporated herein by reference, prescribe traffic routing parameters for
Local Interconnection Trunk Group(s) the Parties shall establish over the
Interconnections specified in the Appendix ITR, which is attached hereto
and incorporated herein by reference.
51.5 COMPENSATION FOR DELIVERY OF TRAFFIC- SECTION 251(b)(5)
51.5.1 The Parties agree to compensate each other for the transport and
termination of traffic as provided in Appendix Reciprocal Compensation.
52. CUSTOMERINQUIRIES
52.1 Each Party will refer all questions regarding the other Party's services or products
directly to the other Party at atelephone number specified by that Party.
52.2 Each Party will ensure that all of their representatives who receive inquiries
regarding the other Party's services: (i) provide the numbers described in Section
52.1 to callers who inquire about the other Party's services or products; and (ii) do
not in any way disparage or discriminate against the other Party or its products or
services.
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Page 54
53. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
53.1 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, NO
PARTY MAKES OR RECEIVES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE INTERCONNECTION, FUNCTIONS,
FACILITIES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IT PROVIDES UNDER OR IS
CONTEMPLATED TO PROVIDE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH
PARTY DISCLAIMS THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. ADDITIONALLY, NO PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
ASSUMES RESPONSIBILITY WITH REGARD TO THE CORRECTNESS OF
DATA OR INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY ANY OTHER PARTY TO THIS
AGREEMENT WHEN SUCH DATA OR INFORMATION IS ACCESSED
AND USED BY A THIRD PARTY.
TDS Telecommunications Corporation,
agent
Susan Jin-Davis Katherine S. Bamekow
Printed Name Printed Name
Vice President, Corp. Development Director- Carrier Relations
Position/Title Position/Title
Signature Page to the Interconnection Agreement TDS Telecommunications Corporation
(New Hampshire Cos.) and Comcast Phone of New Hampshire, LLC d/b/a Comcast
Digital Phone (COMCAST) dated the 15th day of September, 2009.
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009