COM-42646 Interconnection Agreement
General Terms and Conditions
Appendix A
Schedule of TDS Telecommunications Corporation
New Hampshire Companies
Kearsarge Telephone Company d/b/a TDS Telecom
Merrimack County Telephone Company d/b/a TDS Telecom
Wilton Telephone Company, Inc. d/b/a TDS Telecom
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX 911
PAGE 1
APPENDIX 911
TDS TELECOM/Comcast September 2009
Interconnection Agreement

COM-42646 APPENDIX 911
PAGE 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION 3
2. 911 SERVICE 3
TDS TELECOMIComcast September 2009
Interconnection Agreement

COM-42646 APPENDIX 911
PAGE 3
APPENDIX E911
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 This Appendix sets forth terms and conditions that shall apply for 911 (E911)
arrangements.
2. 911 SERVICE
2.1 911 Arrangements are arrangements for routing 911 calls from a Party's
Customers to the appropriate Public Safety Answering Point ("PSAP"), passing
certain customer information for display at the PSAP answering station based on
the class of911 service (Basic 911 or E911) deployed in the area.
2.2 As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, TDS Telecom is not the 911 service
provider serving the PSAP and each party is solely responsible for making their
own 911 Arrangements to connect to the current 911 service provider and for
making updates on a timely basis to the ALI database for their respective
Customers. In the event that TDS Telecom becomes the 911 service provider for
any exchange where Comcast is providing service under this Agreement, TDS
Telecom will provide Comcast advance notice of no less than one hundred eighty
(180) days and the Parties agree to negotiate terms to amend this Agreement for
the provision of911 Arrangements by TDS Telecom to Comcast.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast September 2009
Interconnection Agreement

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 1
APPENDIX ITR
(Interconnection Trunking Requirements)
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION 3
2. DEFINITIONS 3
3. ONE-WAYANDTWO-WAY TRUNKGROUPS 3
4. TRUNKING 4
5. TRUNK GROUPS 5
6. FORECASTING RESPONSIBILITIES 7
7. TRUNKDESIGNBLOCKING CRITERIA 8
8. TRUNKSERVICING 9
9. TRUNKDATAEXCHANGE 11
10. NETWORK MANAGEMENT 11
11. APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RATES, TERMS ANDCONDITIONS 12
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 3
APPENDIX ITR
Interconnection Trunking Requirements
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 This Appendix sets forth terms and conditions for Interconnection provided by
TDS TELECOM and COMCAST.
1.2 This Appendix provides descriptions of the trunking requirements between
COMCAST and TDS TELECOM. All references to incoming and outgoing trunk
groups are from the perspective of COMCAST. The paragraphs below describe
the required and optional trunk groups for local and mass calling.
2. DEFINITIONS
2.1 "Network Interconnection Methods" (NIM) designates facilities established
between the Parties' Networks.
3. ONE-WAY AND TWO-WAY TRUNK GROUPS
3.1 One-way trunk groups for ancillary services (e.g. mass calling) can be established
between the Parties. Ancillary trunk groups will utilize Signaling System 7 (SS7)
or multi-frequency (MF) signaling protocol, with SS7 signaling preferred
whenever possible. The originating Party will have administrative control of one-
way trunk groups.
3.2 Two-way trunk groups for local, IntraLATA and InterLATA traffic can be
established between a COMCAST switch and a TDS TELECOM End Office or
Tandem switch. This trunk group will utilize Signaling System 7 (SS7) or multi-
frequency (MF) signaling protocol, with SS7 signaling preferred whenever
possible. Two-way trunking will be jointly provisioned and maintained, which
shall include each Party being responsible for the cost of such trunks on its side of
the mutually agreed upon POI identified in Appendix NIM. For administrative
consistency COMCAST will have control for the purpose of issuing Access
Service Requests (ASRs) on two-way groups. TDS TELECOM will use the
Trunk Group Service Request (TGSR) as described in section 8.0 of this
Appendix, to request changes in trunking. TDS TELECOM shall not assess any
ordering or installation charges associated with two-way trunk groups COMCAST
orders that shall carry shared traffic. Both Parties reserve the right to issue ASRs,
if so required, in the normal course of business.
3.3 The Parties agree that two-way trunking shall be established when possible and
appropriate for a given trunk group. However, certain technical and billing issues
may necessitate the use of one-way trunking for an interim period. The Parties
will negotiate the appropriate trunk configuration, whether one-way or two-way
TDS TELECOMlComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 4
giving consideration to relevant factors, including but not limited to, existing
network configuration, administrative ease, any billing system and/or technical
limitations and network efficiency. Any disagreement regarding appropriate trunk
configuration shall be subject to the dispute resolution process in Section 16of the
General Terms and Conditions.
3.4 The Parties agree to exchange traffic data on two-way trunks and to implement
such an exchange within three (3) months of the date that two-way trunking is
established and the trunk groups begin passing live traffic, or another date as
agreed to by the Parties. Exchange of traffic data will permit each company to
have knowledge of the offered and overflow load at each end of the two-way
trunk group, and thereby enable accurate and independent determination of
performance levels and trunk requirements. The Parties agree to the electronic
exchange of data where possible.
4. TRUNKING
4.1 Tandem Trunking.
4.1.1 Where TDS TELECOM has a Tandem switch in a LATA, the Parties shall
establish Tandem trunking for the exchange of intraLATA Toll Traffic,
interLA TA traffic, Local Traffic and Tandem Transit Traffic for calls
destined to or from end offices that subtend the TDS TELECOM Tandem.
The trunk group(s) shall be two-way and will utilize Signaling System 7
("SS7") signaling.
4.1.2 When Tandem Transit Traffic routed through the TDS TELECOM
Tandem from COMCAST to another local exchange carrier, CLEC or
wireless carrier switch requires a DS1 or more over three (3) consecutive
months, COMCAST shall establish a direct end office trunk group
between itself and the other Local Exchange Carrier, CLEC or wireless
carrier switch. COMCAST agrees to use reasonable efforts to enter into
agreements with third-party carriers as soon as the said traffic threshold is
met.
4.2 Direct End Office Trunking.
4.2.1 Direct End Office trunks terminate traffic from a COMCAST switch to a
TDS TELECOM End Office and, except as otherwise provided herein, are
not switched at a Tandem location. The Parties shall establish a direct End
Office trunk group when End Office traffic requires twenty-four (24) or
more trunks over a consecutive three (3) month period. Overflow from
either end of the direct End Office trunk group will be alternate routed to
the appropriate Tandem. The Parties will negotiate the appropriate trunk
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 5
configuration, whether one-way or two-way to accommodate the present
billing and technical limitations.
4.2.2 All traffic received by TDS TELECOM on the direct End Office trunk
group from COMCAST must terminate in the End Office, i.e. no Tandem
switching will be performed in the End Office. All traffic received by
COMCAST on the direct End Office trunk group from TDS TELECOM
must terminate in the End Office, i.e., no Tandem switching will be
performed in the End Office. Where End Office functionality is provided
in a remote End Office of a host/remote configuration, the Interconnection
for that remote End Office is only available at the host switch. The
number of digits to be received by the terminating Party shall conform to
standard industry practices; but in no case shall the number of digits be
less than seven (7).
4.3 Trunk Configuration
4.3.1 Trunk Configuration-
4.3.1.1 Where available and upon the request of the other Party, each Party
shall cooperate to ensure that its trunk groups are configured
utilizing the B8ZS ESF protocol for 64 kbps Clear Channel
Capability (64CCC) transmission to allow for ISDN
interoperability between the Parties' respective networks. Trunk
groups configured for 64CCC and carrying Circuit Switched Data
(CSD) ISDN calls shall carry the appropriate Trunk Type Modifier
in the CLCI-Message code. Trunk groups configured for 64CCC
and not used to carry CSD ISDN calls shall carry a different
appropriate Trunk Type Modifier in the CLCI-Message code.
5. TRUNK GROUPS
5.1 The following trunk groups shall be used to exchange traffic between COMCAST
and TDS TELECOM.
5.2 The Trunk Groups identified below shall be provisioned over the facilities
identified in Appendix NIM. Multiple types of Trunk Groups may be provisioned
over the same facility(s).
5.3 Local Trunk Group(s)
5.3.1 Direct End Office Local Trunk Group
The Parties shall establish direct End Office primary high usage Local
Trunk Groups for the exchange of Local traffic where actual or projected
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 6
traffic demand is or will be twenty four (24) or more trunks, as described
in Section 4.2.
5.3.2 Tandem Trunking Local Trunk Group
The Parties shall establish Local Trunk Group to the TDS TELECOM
tandem for the exchange of Local Traffic and Tandem Transit Traffic
subject to limitations of paragraphs 4.1 above.
5.4 Meet Point Trunk Group(s)
5.4.1 IntraLATA Toll Traffic and interLATA traffic, including originating toll
free services calls, shall be transported between COMCAST and TDS
TELECOM's Tandem over Meet Point Trunk Groups separate from Local
Traffic and Tandem Transit Traffic. The Meet Point Trunk Group will be
established for the transmission and routing of jointly provided Switched
Access traffic between COMCAST'S End User and Interexchange
Carriers via a TDS TELECOM Tandem.
5.5 For each NXX code used by either Party, the Party to whom the NXX is assigned
must maintain network facilities (whether owned or leased) used to actively
provide, in part, local Telecommunications Services in the geographic area
assigned to such NXX code.
5.6 TDS TELECOM will not block switched access customer traffic delivered to any
TDS TELECOM Office for completion on COMCAST's network. The Parties
understand and agree that InterLATA trunking arrangements are available and
functional only to/from switched access customers who directly connect with any
TDS TELECOM End Office or Tandem. TDS TELECOM shall have no
responsibility to ensure that any switched access customer will accept traffic that
COMCAST directs to the switched access customer. TDS TELECOM agrees to
furnish COMCAST, upon request, a list of those IXCs which also interconnect
with TDS TELECOM's End Office(s) and Tandem(s).
5.7 COMCAST shall provide all SS7 signaling information including, without
limitation, charge number and originating line information (OLI). For terminating
FGD, TDS TELECOM will pass all SS7 signaling information including, without
limitation, CPN if it receives CPN from FGD carriers. All privacy indicators will
be honored. Where available, network signaling information such as transit
network selection (TNS) parameter, carrier identification codes (CIC) (CCS
platform) and CIC/OZZ information (non-SS7 environment) will be provided by
COMCAST wherever such information is needed for call routing or billing. The
Parties will follow all OBF adopted standards pertaining to TNS and CIC/OZZ
codes.
5.8 High Volume Call In (HVC!) / Mass Calling (Choke) Trunk Group:
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 7
5.8.1 If COMCAST should acquire a HVCIIMass Calling customer, i.e. a radio
station, COMCAST shall provide written notification to TDS TELECOM.
TDS TELECOM reserves the option to provide either a physical or
"virtual" trunk group, with a virtual group preferred where technically
feasible, for HVCIIMass Calling Trunking.
6. FORECASTING RESPONSIBILITIES
6.1 COMCAST agrees to provide an initial forecast for establishing the initial
Interconnection facilities. TDS TELECOM shall review this forecast, and if it has
any additional information that will change the forecast shall provide this
information to COMCAST. The Parties recognize that, to the extent historical
traffic data can be shared between the Parties, the accuracy of the forecasts will
improve. COMCAST shall provide subsequent forecasts on a semi-annual basis.
COMCAST forecasts should include yearly forecasted trunk quantities for all
appropriate trunk groups described in this Appendix for a minimum of two (2)
years. Forecasts shall be non-binding on both TDS TELECOM and COMCAST.
TDS TELECOM shall take COMCAST's forecasts into consideration in its
network planning, and shall exercise its best efforts to provide the quantity of
interconnection trunks and facilities forecasted by the COMCAST. However, the
development and submission of forecasts shall not replace the ordering process in
place for interconnection trunks and facilities, and the provision of the forecasted
quantity of interconnection trunks and facilities is subject to capacity existing at
the time the order is submitted. Furthermore, the development and receipt of
forecasts does not imply any liability for failure to perform if capacity is not
available for use at the forecasted time. The Parties agree to the use of Common
Language Location Identification (CLLI) coding and Common Language Circuit
Identification for Message Trunk coding (CLCI-MSG) which is described in
TELCORDIA TECHNOLOGIES documents BR795-100-100 and BR795-400-
100 respectively. Inquiries pertaining to use of TELCORDIA TECHNOLOGIES
Common Language Standards and document availability should be directed to
TELCORDIA TECHNOLOGIES at 1-800-521-2673. Analysis of trunk group
performance, and ordering of relief if required, will be performed on a monthly
basis at a minimum (trunk servicing).
6.2 The semi-annual forecasts shall include:
6.2.1 Yearly forecasted trunk quantities (which include measurements that
reflect actual, End Office Local Interconnection trunks, and Tandem
subtending Local Interconnection End Office equivalent trunk
requirements) for a minimum of two (current and plus 1) years; and
6.2.2 A description of major network projects anticipated for the following six
(6) months. Major network projects include trunking or network
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 8
rearrangements, shifts in anticipated traffic patterns, orders greater than
four (4) DSI 's, or other activities that are reflected by a significant
increase or decrease in trunking demand for the following forecasting
period.
6.3 The Parties shall agree on a forecast provided above to ensure efficient utilization
of trunks. Orders for trunks that exceed forecasted quantities for forecasted
locations will be accommodated as facilities and/or equipment becomes available.
Parties shall make all reasonable efforts and cooperate in good faith to develop
alternative solutions to accommodate orders when facilities are not available.
6.4 COMCAST shall be responsible for forecasting two-way trunk groups. TDS
TELECOM shall be responsible for forecasting and servicing the one-way trunk
groups terminating to COMCAST and COMCAST shall be responsible for
forecasting and servicing the one-way trunk groups terminating to TDS
TELECOM, unless otherwise specified in this Appendix. Standard trunk traffic
engineering methods will be used by the Parties.
6.S If forecast quantities are in dispute, the Parties shall meet, either in person or via
conference call, to reconcile the differences.
6.6 Each Party shall provide a specified point of contact for planning, forecasting and
trunk servicing purposes.
7. TRUNK DESIGN BLOCKING CRITERIA
7.1 Trunk requirements for forecasting and servicing shall be based on the blocking
objectives shown in Table 1. Trunk requirements shall be based upon time
consistent average busy season busy hour twenty-one (21) day averaged loads
applied to industry standard Neal-Wilkinson Trunk Group Capacity algorithms
(use Medium day-to-day Variation and 1.0 Peakedness factor until actual traffic
data is available).
TDS TELECOMlComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 9
TABLE 1
Trunk Group Type Design Blocking Objective
Local Direct End Office (Primary High) as mutually agreed upon
Local Direct End Office (Final) 1%
8. TRUNK SERVICING
8.1 Orders between the Parties to establish, add, change or disconnect trunks shall be
processed by using an Access Service Request (ASR). COMCAST will have
administrative control for the purpose of issuing ASR's on two-way trunk groups.
Where one-way trunks are used (as discussed in section 3.3), TDS TELECOM
will issue ASRs for trunk groups for traffic that originates from TDS TELECOM
and terminates to COMCAST. The Parties agree that neither Party shall alter
trunk sizing on two-way trunk groups without first conferring with the other Party.
8.2 The Parties will jointly manage the capacity of two-way Local Interconnection Trunk
Groups. Either Party may send a Trunk Group Service Request (TGSR) to the other
Party to trigger changes to the Local Interconnection Trunk Groups based on capacity
assessment. The TGSR is a standard industry support interface developed by the
Ordering and Billing Forum of the Carrier Liaison Committee of the Alliance for
Telecommunications Solutions (ATIS) organization. TELECORDIA
TECHNOLOGIES Special Report STS000316 describes the format and use of the
TGSR. The forms can be obtained from www.atis.org/atis/c1c/obf/download.htm.
8.3 In A Blocking Situation:
8.3.1 In a blocking final situation, a TGSR will be issued by either Party when
additional capacity is required to reduce measured blocking to objective
design blocking levels based upon analysis of trunk group data. Either
Party upon receipt of a TGSR in a blocking situation will issue an ASR to
the other Party within three (3) business days after receipt of the TGSR,
and upon review and in response to the TGSR received. The ordering
Party will note "Service Affecting" on the ASR.
8.4 Underutilization:
8.4.1 Underutilization of Interconnection trunks and facilities exists when
provisioned capacity is greater than the current need. This over
provisioning is an inefficient deployment and use of network resources
and results in unnecessary costs. Those situations where more capacity
exists than actual usage requires will be handled in the following manner:
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 10
8.4.1.1 If a trunk group is under 75 percent (75%) of CCS capacity on a
monthly average basis, for each month of any three (3) consecutive
months period, unless otherwise agreed due to forecasted demand,
either Party may request the issuance of an order to resize the trunk
group, which shall be left with not less than 25 percent (25%)
excess capacity. In all cases grade of service objectives shall be
maintained.
8.4.1.2 Either Party may send a TGSR to the other Party to trigger changes
to the Local Interconnection Trunk Groups based on capacity
assessment.
8.4.1.3 Upon review of the TGSR if a Party does not agree with the
resizing, the Parties will schedule a joint planning discussion
within twenty (20) business days. The Parties will meet to resolve
and mutually agree to the disposition of the TGSR.
8.4.1.4 Those situations where more capacity exists than actual usage
requires, and the Parties disagree on the quantity of trunks to
disconnect, will be handled via the dispute resolution process
pursuant to Section 16of the General Terms and Conditions.
8.5 In all cases except a blocking situation, either Party upon receipt of a TGSR will
issue an ASR to the other Party:
8.5.1 Within ten (10) business days after receipt of the TGSR.
8.5.2 At any time as a result of either Party's own capacity management
assessment, in order to begin the provisioning process.
8.5.3 In all cases, either Party upon receipt of an ASR will issue the FOC to the
other Party within three (3) business days after receipt ofthe ASR.
8.6 Projects require the coordination and execution of multiple orders or related
activities between and among TDS TELECOM and COMCAST work groups,
including but not limited to the initial establishment of Local Interconnection or
Meet Point Trunk Groups and service in an area, NXX code moves, re-homes,
facility grooming, or network rearrangements.
8.6.1 Orders greater than four (4) DS-1's to a single Central Office, shall be
submitted at the same time, and their implementation shall be jointly
planned and coordinated.
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 11
8.7 COMCAST will be responsible for engineering its network on its side of the Point
of Interconnection (POI). TDS TELECOM will be responsible for engineering its
network on its side ofthe POI.
8.8 Where facilities are available, and unless otherwise agreed, due dates for the
installation of Local Interconnection Trunks covered by this Appendix shall be no
longer than ten (10) business days from receipt of a request by either Party. If
either COMCAST or TDS TELECOM is unable to or not ready to perform
Acceptance Tests, or is unable to accept the Local Interconnection Service
Arrangement trunk(s) by the due date, the Parties will reschedule the date no more
than seven (7) days from the original date.
8.9 Utilization shall be defined as Trunks Required as a percentage of Trunks In
Service. Trunks Required shall be determined using methods described in Section
6.0 using Design Blocking Objectives stated in section 7.1.
9. TRUNKDATA EXCHANGE
9.1 Each Party agrees to service trunk groups to the foregoing blocking criteria in a
timely manner when trunk groups exceed measured blocking thresholds on an
average time consistent busy hour for a twenty-one (21) day study period. The
Parties agree that twenty-one (21) days is the study period duration objective.
However, a study period on occasion may be less than twenty-one (21) days but at
minimum must be at least three (3) business days to be utilized for engineering
purposes, although with less statistical confidence.
9.2 Exchange of traffic data enables each Party to make accurate and independent
assessments of trunk group service levels and requirements. Parties agree to
establish a timeline for implementing an exchange of traffic data. Implementation
shall be within three (3) months of the date, or such date as agreed upon, that the
trunk groups begin passing live traffic. The traffic data to be exchanged will be
the Originating Attempt Peg Count, Usage (measured in Hundred Call Seconds),
Overflow Peg Count, and Maintenance Usage (measured in Hundred Call
Seconds) on a seven (7) day per week, twenty-four (24) hour per day, fifty-two
(52) weeks per year basis. These reports shall be made available at a minimum on
a semi-annual basis upon request. Exchange of data on one-way groups is
optional.
10. NETWORK MANAGEMENT
10.1 Restrictive Controls
10.1.1 Either Party may use protective network traffic management controls such
as 7-digit and 10-digit code gaps set at appropriate levels on traffic toward
each other's network, when required, to protect the public switched
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 Appendix ITR
Page 12
network from congestion due to facility failures, switch congestion, or
failure or focused overload. COMCAST and TDS TELECOM will
immediately notify each other of any protective control action planned or
executed.
10.2 Expansive Controls
10.2.1 Where the capability exists, originating or terminating traffic reroutes may
be implemented by either Party to temporarily relieve network congestion
due to facility failures or abnormal calling patterns. Reroutes will not be
used to circumvent normal trunk servicing. Expansive controls will only
be used when mutually agreed to by the Parties.
10.3 Mass Calling
10.3.1 COMCAST and TDS TELECOM shall cooperate and share pre-planning
information regarding cross-network call-ins expected to generate large or
focused temporary increases in call volumes.
11. APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RATES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS
11.1 Every interconnection and service provided hereunder shall be subject to all rates,
terms and conditions contained in this Agreement which are legitimately related to
such interconnection or service.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGE 1
APPENDIX NIM
(NETWORK INTERCONNECTION METHODS)
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGE 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION 3
2. PHYSICAL ARCHITECTURE 3
3. METHODS OF INTERCONNECTION 5
4. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTIES 8
5. JOINT FACILITY GROWTH PLANNING 9
6. APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RATES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS ..l0
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGE 3
APPENDIX NIM
(NETWORK INTERCONNECTION METHODS)
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 This Appendix sets forth the terms and conditions that Network Interconnection
Methods (NIM) are provided by TDS TELECOM and COMCAST. This
Appendix describes the physical architecture for Interconnection of the Parties'
facilities and equipment for the transmission and routing of Telephone Exchange
Service traffic and Exchange Access traffic between the respective Customers of
the Parties; provided, however, Interconnection may not be used solely for the
purpose of originating a Party's own interexchange traffic.
1.2 Network Interconnection Methods (NIMs) include, but are not limited to, Indirect
Interconnection, Leased Facilities Interconnection; Fiber Meet Interconnection;
and other methods as mutually agreed to by the Parties.
1.2.1 Trunking requirements associated with Interconnection are contained in
Appendix ITR.
1.3 TDS TELECOM shall provide Interconnection for COMCAST's facilities and
equipment for the transmission and routing of telephone exchange service and
exchange access, at a level of quality equal to that which TDS TELECOM
provides itself, a subsidiary, an affiliate, or any other party to which TDS
TELECOM provides Interconnection and on rates, terms and conditions that are
just, reasonable and non-discriminatory.
1.4 The Parties shall effect an Interconnection that is efficient, fair and in a manner
that is mutually agreeable to the Parties.
2. PHYSICAL ARCHITECTURE
2.1 TDS TELECOM's network is partly comprised of End Office and Tandem
switches that serve IntraLATA, InterLATA, Local, and EAS traffic. TDS
TELECOM's network architecture in any given local exchange area and/or LATA
can vary markedly from another local exchange area/LATA. Using one or more
of the NIMs herein, the Parties will agree to a physical architecture plan for the
New Hampshire LATA 122. Where the Parties elect to interconnect indirectly,
the physical architecture plan will be completed within thirty (30) days from
COMCAST's written request for interconnection contingent upon the Parties'
mutual agreement on the architecture. Where the Parties elect to interconnect
directly, the physical architecture plan will be completed within sixty (60) days
from COMCAST's written request for interconnection contingent upon the
Parties' mutual agreement on the architecture. COMCAST and TDS TELECOM
agree to Interconnect their networks through existing and/or new Interconnection
facilities between COMCAST switch(es) and TDS TELECOM's End Office(s)
TDS TELECOM/Comeast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGE 4
and Tandem(s). Where the Parties elect to interconnect via direct trunking, the
physical architecture plan will, at a minimum, include the location of
COMCAST's switch(es) and TDS TELECOM End Office or Tandem switch(es)
to be interconnected, the facilities that will connect the two networks, the
timelines for completion of all major tasks, and which Party will provide (be
financially responsible for) the Interconnection facilities. At the time of
implementation in the LATA the plan will be documented and signed by
appropriate representatives of the Parties, indicating their mutual agreement to the
physical architecture plan.
2.2 Points of Interconnection (POls): A Point of Interconnection (POI) is a point in
the network where the Parties deliver Interconnection traffic to each other, and
also serves as a demarcation point between the facilities that each Party is
responsible to provide.
2.3 If direct interconnection is established, at least one POI must be established at or
within the TDS TELECOM company's serving area boundary. Additional POls
may be established for each central office switch where COMCAST and TDS
TELECOM interconnect directly, as specified in Appendix ITR Section 4. The
Parties shall mutually agree on the selection of new POls. In some cases, multiple
POI(s) will be necessary to balance the facilities investment and provide the best
technical implementation of Interconnection requirements to each End Office
within a TDS TELECOM company's service area. Both Parties shall negotiate the
architecture in each location that will seek to mutually minimize and equalize
investment.
2.4 The Parties agree to meet as often as necessary to negotiate the selection of new
POls. The overall goal of POI selection will be to achieve a balance in the
provision of facilities that is fair to both Parties. Criteria to be used in
determining POls include existing facility capacity, location of existing POls,
traffic volumes, relative costs, future capacity needs, etc. Agreement to the
location of POls will be based on the network architecture existing at the time the
POI(s) is/are negotiated. In the event either Party makes subsequent changes to its
network architecture, including but not limited to trunking changes or adding new
switches, then the Parties will negotiate new POls if required. The mutually
agreed to POls will be documented and distributed to both Parties.
2.5 Each Party is responsible for the facilities to its side of the POI(s) and may utilize
any method of Interconnection described in this Appendix. Each Party is
responsible for the appropriate sizing, operation, and maintenance of the transport
facility to the POI(s).
2.6 Either Party, must provide thirty (30) days written notice of any changes to the
physical architecture plan.
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGES
2.7 Each Party is solely responsible for the facilities that carry OS/DA, 911 or mass
calling for their respective End Users.
2.8 Technical Interfaces
2.8.1 The Interconnection facilities provided by each Party shall be formatted
using B8ZS with Extended Superframe format framing.
2.8.2 Electrical handoffs at the POI(s) will be DS1, DS3 or STS-l as mutually
agreed to by the parties. When a DS3 or STS-l handoff is agreed to by the
Parties, each Party will provide all required multiplexing at their respective
end.
3. METHODS OFINTERCONNECTION
3.1 Leased Facility Interconnection ("LFI")
3.1.1 Where facilities exist, either Party may lease facilities from the other Party
pursuant to applicable tariff.
3.2 Fiber Meet Interconnection
3.2.1 Fiber Meet Interconnection between TDS TELECOM and COMCAST can
occur at any mutually agreeable, economically and technically feasible
point(s) between COMCASTs premises and a TDS TELECOM End
Office or Tandem.
3.2.2 Where the Parties interconnect their networks pursuant to a Fiber Meet,
the Parties shall jointly engineer and operate this Interconnection as a
Synchronous Optical NETwork (SONET) ring or single point-to-point
linear SONET system. Administrative control of the SONET system shall
be mutually agreed upon by the Parties. Only Interconnection trunks or
trunks used to provide ancillary services as described in Section 5 of
Appendix ITR shall be provisioned over this facility.
3.2.3 Neither Party will be given the IP address or allowed to access the Data
Communications Channel (DCC) of the other Party's Fiber Optic
Terminal (FOT). The Fiber Meet will be designed so that each Party may,
as far as is technically feasible, independently select the transmission,
multiplexing, and fiber terminating equipment to be used on its side of the
POI(s). The Parties will work cooperatively to achieve equipment and
vendor compatibility of the FOT equipment. Requirements for such
Interconnection specifications will be defined in joint engineering
planning sessions between the Parties. The Parties will share the
investment of the fiber as mutually agreed such that neither Party bears a
disproportionate share of the investment. The Parties will use good faith
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGE 6
efforts to develop and agree on these facility arrangements within ninety
(90) days of the determination by the Parties that such specifications shall
be implemented, and in any case, prior to the establishment of any Fiber
Meet arrangements between them.
3.2.4 There are four basic Fiber Meet design options.
3.2.4.1 Design One: COMCAST's fiber cable (four, or some integral
multiple thereof, fibers) and TDS TELECOM's fiber cable (four, or
some integral multiple thereof, fibers) are connected at an
economically and technically feasible point between the
COMCAST and TDS TELECOM locations. This Interconnection
point would be at a mutually agreeable location. The Parties' fiber
cables would be terminated on fiber termination panel(s) and then
cross-connected with jumpers jointly provided by the Parties. Each
Party would supply a fiber optic terminal (FOT) at their respective
end. The POI would be at the fiber termination panel at the mid-
point meet.
3.2.4.2 Design Two: COMCAST will provide fiber cable to the last
entrance (or TDS TELECOM designated) manhole at the TDS
TELECOM's End Office or Tandem switch. TDS TELECOM
shall make all necessary preparations to receive and to allow and
enable COMCAST to deliver fiber optic facilities into that
manhole. COMCAST will provide a sufficient length of Optical
Fire Resistant (OFR) cable for TDS TELECOM to pull the fiber
cable through the TDS TELECOM cable vault and terminate on
the TDS TELECOM fiber distribution frame (FDF) in TDS
TELECOM's office. COMCAST shall deliver and maintain such
strands wholly at its own expense up to the POI. TDS TELECOM
shall take the fiber from the manhole and terminate it inside TDS
TELECOM's office on the FDF at TDS TELECOM's expense. In
this case the POI shall be at the TDS TELECOM designated
manhole location.
3.2.4.3 Design Three: TDS TELECOM will provide fiber cable to the last
entrance (or COMCAST designated) manhole at the COMCAST
location. COMCAST shall make all necessary preparations to
receive and to allow and enable TDS TELECOM to deliver fiber
optic facilities into that manhole. TDS TELECOM will provide a
sufficient length of Optical Fire Resistant (OFR) cable for
COMCAST to run the fiber cable from the manhole and terminate
on the COMCAST fiber distribution frame (FDF) in COMCAST's
location. TDS TELECOM shall deliver and maintain such strands
wholly at its own expense up to the POI. COMCAST shall take
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGE 7
the fiber from the manhole and terminate it inside COMCAST's
office on the FDF at COMCAST's expense. In this case the POI
shall be at the COMCAST designated manhole location.
3.2.4.4 Design Four: Both COMCAST and TDS TELECOM each provide
two fibers between their locations. This design may only be
considered where existing fibers are available and there is a mutual
benefit to both Parties. TDS TELECOM will provide the fibers
associated with the "working" side of the system. COMCAST will
provide the fibers associated with the "protection" side of the
system. The Parties will work cooperatively to terminate each
other's fiber in order to provision this joint SONET ring or point-
to-point linear system. Both Parties will work cooperatively to
determine the appropriate technical handoff for purposes of
demarcation and fault isolation. The POI will be defined as being
at the TDS TELECOM location.
3.2.5 The COMCAST location includes FOTs, multiplexing and fiber required
to terminate the optical signal provided from TDS TELECOM. This
location is COMCAST's responsibility to provision and maintain.
3.2.6 The TDS TELECOM location includes all TDS TELECOM FOTs,
multiplexing and fiber required to terminate the optical signal provided
from COMCAST. This location is TDS TELECOM's responsibility to
provision and maintain.
3.2.7 TDS TELECOM and COMCAST shall, solely at their own expense,
procure, install, and maintain the agreed-upon FaT equipment in each of
their locations where the Parties established a Fiber Meet. Capacity shall
be sufficient to provision and maintain all trunk groups prescribed by
Appendix ITR for the purposes of Interconnection.
3.2.8 Each Party shall provide its own, unique source for the synchronized
timing of its FOT equipment. At a minimum, each timing source must be
Stratum-3 traceable and cannot be provided over DSO/DSI facilities, via
Line Timing; or via a Derived DS1 off of FOT equipment. Both Parties
agree to establish separate and distinct timing sources that are not derived
from the other, and meet the criteria identified above.
3.2.9 COMCAST and TDS TELECOM will mutually agree on the capacity of
the FOT(s) to be utilized based on equivalent DSls, DS3s or STS-Is.
Each Party will also agree upon the optical frequency and wavelength
necessary to implement the Interconnection. The Parties will develop and
agree upon methods for the capacity planning and management for these
facilities, terms and conditions for over provisioning facilities, and the
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGES
necessary processes to implement facilities as indicated below. These
methods will meet quality standards as mutually agreed to by COMCAST
and TDS TELECOM.
3.3 Indirect Interconnection
3.3.1 The Parties agree that where traffic volumes require less than twenty-four
(24) trunks and TDS TELECOM subtends a third party LEC's tandem,
such traffic shall be exchanged by transiting through the third party LEC
tandems (in this case Fairpoint) unless otherwise agreed by both Parties.
Each Party shall be financially and operationally responsible for the costs
incurred with providing facilities from its network to the Point of
Interconnection (POI) for the exchange of such traffic.
3.3.2 Where the traffic exchanged between COMCAST and a specific TDS
TELECOM host or end office switch requires twenty-four (24) or more
trunks or the Parties agree it is otherwise economically advantageous,
either Party may request to implement direct trunks to a POI associated
with the specific host or end office switch in accordance with Appendix
ITR Section 4. The Parties agree to negotiate in good faith to reach
agreement to accommodate direct interconnection.
4. RESPONSIBILITIES OFTHE PARTIES
4.1 If COMCAST determines to offer local exchange service within a TDS
TELECOM area, COMCAST shall provide written notice to TDS TELECOM of
the need to establish Interconnection. Such request shall include (i) COMCAST's
Switch address, type, and CLL!; (ii) COMCAST's requested Interconnection
activation date; and (iii) a non-binding forecast of COMCAST's trunking and
facilities requirements.
4.2 Upon receipt of COMCAST's notice to interconnect, the Parties shall schedule a
meeting to negotiate and mutually agree on the network architecture (including
trunking) to be documented as discussed above. The Interconnection activation
date for an Interconnect shall be established based on then-existing work force and
load, the scope and complexity of the requested Interconnection and other relevant
factors.
4.3 If COMCAST deploys additional switches after the Effective Date or otherwise
wishes to establish Interconnection with additional TDS TELECOM Central
Offices, COMCAST shall provide written notice to TDS TELECOM to establish
such Interconnection. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to
such Interconnection. If TDS TELECOM deploys additional End Office switches
in a local exchange after the effective date or otherwise wishes to establish
Interconnection with additional COMCAST Central Offices in such local
exchange, TDS TELECOM shall be entitled, upon written notice to COMCAST,
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGE 9
to establish such Interconnection and the terms and conditions of this Agreement
shall apply to such Interconnection.
4.4 COMCAST and TDS TELECOM shall work cooperatively to install and maintain
a reliable network. COMCAST and TDS TELECOM shall exchange appropriate
information (e.g., maintenance contact numbers, network information,
information required to comply with law enforcement and other security agencies
of the federal and state government and such other information as the Parties shall
mutually agree) to achieve this desired reliability.
4.5 COMCAST and TDS TELECOM will review engineering requirements as
required and establish semi-annual forecasts for facilities utilization provided
under this Appendix.
4.6 COMCAST and TDS TELECOM shall:
4.6.1 Provide trained personnel with adequate and compatible test equipment to
work with each other's technicians.
4.6.2 Notify each other when there is any change affecting the service requested,
including the due date.
4.6.3 Recognize that a facility handoff point must be agreed to that establishes
the demarcation for maintenance and provisioning responsibilities for each
party on their side of the POI.
5. JOINT FACILITY GROWTH PLANNING
5.1 Facilities will be planned for in accordance with the trunk forecasts exchanged
between the Parties and are to be deployed in accordance with the processes
described in Appendix ITR.
5.2 For a Fiber Meet Interconnection, an initial fiber optic system deployed for each
Interconnection shall be agreed to by the Parties. The following lists the criteria
and processes needed to satisfy additional capacity requirements beyond the initial
system.
5.2.1 Criteria:
5.2.1.1 Investment is to be minimized.
5.2.1.2 Facilities will be planned for in accordance with the trunk forecasts
exchanged between the Parties as described in Appendix ITR and
are to be deployed in accordance with the Processes described
below.
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NIM
PAGE 10
5.2.2 Processes:
5.2.2.1 In addition to the semi-annual forecast process, discussions to
provide relief to existing facilities can be initiated by either party.
Actual system augmentations will be initiated upon mutual
agreement.
5.2.2.2 Both Parties will perform a jomt validation to ensure current
Interconnection facilities and associated trunks have not been over-
provisioned. If any facilities and/or associated trunks are over-
provisioned, they will be turned down where appropriate. Trunk
design blocking criteria described in Appendix ITR will be used in
determining trunk group sizing requirements and forecasts.
5.2.2.3 If, based on the forecasted equivalent DS-1 growth, the existing
fiber optic system is not projected to exhaust within one year, the
Parties will suspend further relief planning on this Interconnection
until a date one (1) year prior to the projected exhaust date. If
growth patterns change during the suspension period, either Party
may re-initiate the joint planning process.
5.2.2.4 If the placement of a minimum size system will not provide
adequate augmentation capacity for the joint forecast over a two-
year period and the forecast appears reasonable, the next larger
system may be deployed. If the forecast does not justify a move to
the next larger system, another appropriately sized system could be
placed. This criterion assumes both Parties have adequate fibers
for either scenario. If adequate fibers do not exist, both Parties
would negotiate placement of additional fibers.
5.2.2.5 Both Parties will negotiate a project service date and corresponding
work schedule to construct relief facilities prior to facilities
exhaust.
5.2.2.6 The joint planning process/negotiations should be completed
within two months of the initiation of such discussion.
6. APPLICABILITY OF OTHERRATES,TERMSAND CONDITIONS
6.1 Every interconnection and service provided hereunder shall be subject to all rates,
terms and conditions contained in this Agreement which are legitimately related to
such interconnection or service.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIXNP
PAGE 1
APPENDIX NUMBER PORTABILITY
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIXNP
PAGE 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION 3
2. LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITy 3
3. MASS CALLING 6
4. APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RATES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS 6
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIXNP
PAGE 3
APPENDIXNP
NUMBER PORTABILITY
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 This Appendix sets forth terms and conditions for Number Portability provided by
TDS TELECOM and COMCAST.
1.2 The prices at which each Party agrees to provide the other Party with Number
Portability are contained in the applicable Appendix PRICING and/or the
applicable tariff where stated.
2. LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
2.1 General Terms and Conditions
2.2 The Parties agree to at all times adhere to all FCC orders, NANC and Industry
Numbering Committee guidelines that establish the technology and standards for
Local Number Portability.
2.2.1 TDS TELECOM may cancel any line-based calling cards associated with
telephone numbers ported from their switch.
2.2.2 Complex ports require project management and will require negotiation of
due date intervals. Complex ports include:
2.2.2.1 Port requests of 51 or more numbers;
2.2.2.2 Porting of 15 or more access lines for the same customer at the
same location;
2.2.2.3 Porting associated with complex services including but not limited
to Centrex and ISDN.
2.2.3 The Parties shall adhere to reserved number standards as set by the FCC.
2.2.4 The Parties shall cooperate in performing activities required to port
Customer telephone number(s). The primary responsibility for the
coordination of such activities will be assumed by the Party porting in the
Customer telephone number(s).
2.3 Obligations of Both Parties
2.3.1 When a ported telephone number becomes vacant, e.g., the telephone
number is no longer in service by the original End User, the ported
telephone number will be released back to the carrier to whom it was
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIXNP
PAGE 4
originally assigned after appropriate time has elapsed for intercept
notification.
2.3.2 Each Party has the right to block default routed calls (e.g. calls sent
without the N-1 query being performed) from entering a network in order
to protect the public switched network from overload, congestion, or
failure propagation.
2.3.3 Industry guidelines shall be followed regarding all aspects of porting
numbers from one network to another.
2.3.4 Intercompany testing shall be performed prior to the submission of actual
porting orders.
2.3.5 Each Party will designate a single point of contact (SPOC) to schedule and
perform required testing. These tests will be performed during a mutually
agreed time frame and must meet the criteria set forth by Local Number
Portability Administration Working Group ("LNPA WG").
2.3.6 Each Party shall abide by FCC accepted NANC and LNPA WG
provisioning and implementation processes.
2.3.7 Each Party shall become responsible for the End User's other
telecommunications related items, e.g. E911, Directory Listings, Operator
Services, Line Information Database (LIDB), when they port the End
User's telephone number to their switch.
2.3.8 The Parties will provide a 10-digit trigger on all LNP orders unless a
coordinated conversion of numbers is requested on the PNP order. The 10-
digit trigger will remain active on the porting-out Party's switch until the
first business day following the port due date at which time the line shall
be physically disconnected from the porting-out Party's switch.
2.4 Limitations of Service
2.4.1 Telephone numbers can be ported only within TDS TELECOM rate
centers or rate districts, which ever is a smaller geographic area, as
approved by the State Commission. If geographic number portability is
ordered by the FCC or the Commission during the term of this Agreement,
the Parties will promptly negotiate any necessary revisions to this
appendix to accommodate geographic number portability. In the event the
Parties are unable to negotiate such changes within thirty (30) days, either
Party may invoke the dispute resolution procedures under this Agreement.
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIXNP
PAGES
2.4.2 Telephone numbers with NXXs dedicated to chokelHigh Volume Call-In
(RVCI) networks are not portable via LRN. Such numbers will be ported
on an ICB basis upon request.
2.5 Service Descriptions
2.5.1 The N-1 carrier (N carrier is the responsible Party for terminating call to
the End User) has the responsibility to determine if a query is required, to
launch the query, and to route the call to the switch or network in which
the telephone number resides.
2.5.2 If a Party chooses not to fulfill its N-1 carrier responsibility, the other
Party will perform queries on calls to telephone numbers with portable
NXXs received from the N-1 carrier and route the call to the switch or
network in which the telephone number resides. TDS TELECOM will
perform LNP Query Service for COMCAST pursuant to the terms and
conditions set forth in National Exchange Carrier Association (NECA)
Tariff FCC No.5. COMCAST will perform N-1 responsibilities on the
same terms as TDS TELECOM provides for in its applicable tariff.
2.5.3 A Party shall be responsible for payment of charges to the other Party for
any queries made on the N-l carrier's behalf when one or more telephone
numbers have been ported in the called telephone number's NXX. Charges
by each Party will be at the rate set forth in TDS TELECOM's applicable
tariff.
2.5.4 Both Parties shall populate the Jurisdictional Identification Parameter (JIP)
field with the first six (6) digits (NPA NXX format) of the appropriate
LRN of the originating switch for any ported telephone number.
2.6 Pricing
2.6.1 The price ofLNP queries shall be the same as those in NECA's FCC No.5
Access Services Tariff in which TDS TELECOM is a concurring carrier.
COMCAST will perform N-l queries at prices no higher than TDS
TELECOM provides for in its applicable tariff.
2.6.2 Other than standard Service Order charges for processing Local Service
Requests (LSRs) as specified in Appendix Pricing, or a Party's applicable
tariff, the Parties agree not to charge each other, or any of the other Party's
End Users for the provisioning or conversion of ported telephone numbers
during regular working hours. To the extent either Party requests porting
to be performed outside of other Party's regular working hours, or the
work requires the porting-out Party's technicians or project managers to
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIXNP
PAGE 6
work outside of regular working hours, premium time and material charges
shall apply.
3. MASS CALLING
3.1 General Terms and Conditions
3.1.1 Mass calling codes, i.e., choke/HVCI NXXs, are used in a network serving
arrangement in special circumstances where large numbers of incoming
calls are solicited by an End User and the number of calls far exceeds the
switching capacity of the terminating office, the number of lines available
for terminating those calls, and/or the STP's query capacity to the LNP
database. Number portability for mass calling codes will be done on an
Individual Case Basis.
4. APPLICABILITY OF OTHERRATES,TERMSAND CONDITIONS
4.1 Every interconnection and service provided hereunder shall be subject to all rates,
terms and conditions contained in this Agreement which are legitimately related to
such interconnection or service.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NUMBERING
PAGE 1
APPENDIX NUMBERING
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NUMBERING
PAGE 2
TABLE OFCONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION 3
2. GENERALTERMS AND CONDITIONS 3
3. APPLICABILITY OF OTHERRATES,TERMSAND CONDITIONS 4
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NUMBERING
PAGE 3
APPENDIX NUMBERING
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 This Appendix sets forth the terms and conditions under which TDS
TELECOM and COMCAST will coordinate with respect to NXX
assignments.
2. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
2.1. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or otherwise
adversely impact in any manner either Party's right to employ or to request
and be assigned any North American Numbering Plan (NANP) number
resources from the numbering administrator including, but not limited to,
central office (NXX) codes pursuant to the Central Office Code
Assignment Guidelines, or to establish, by tariff or otherwise, Exchanges
and Rating Points corresponding to such NXX codes. Each Party is
responsible for administering the NXX codes it is assigned.
2.2. Parties agree to adhere to all FCC orders, and NANC and INC Guidelines
related to Central Office Code administration and Thousands-Block
Number Pooling.
2.3. Each Party is responsible to program and update its own switches and
network systems to recognize and route traffic to the other Party at all
times.
2.4. Each Party is responsible to input required data into the Routing Data Base
Systems (RDBS) and into the Telcordia Rating Administrative Data
Systems (BRADS) or other appropriate system(s) necessary to update the
Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG).
2.5. Neither Party is responsible for notifying the other Parties' End Users of
any changes in dialing arrangements, including those due to NPA exhaust.
2.6. Test Numbers
2.6.1. Each Party is responsible for providing to the other, valid test
numbers. One number terminating to a voice announcement
identifying the Company and one number terminating to a
milliwatt tone providing answer supervision and allowing
simultaneous connection from multiple test lines. Both numbers
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX NUMBERING
PAGE 4
should remam m service indefinitely for regressive testing
purposes.
3. APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RATES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS
3.1 Every interconnection and service provided hereunder shall be subject to
all rates, terms and conditions contained in this Agreement which are
legitimately related to such interconnection or service.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX PRICING
PAGE 1
APPENDIX-PRICING
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX PRICING
PAGE 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION 3
2. RECURRING CHARGES 3
3. NON-RECURRING CHARGES 3
4. BILLING 4
5. APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RATES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS 4
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX PRICING
PAGE 3
APPENDIX PRICING
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 This Appendix sets forth the pricing terms and conditions for TDS TELECOM
and COMCAST.
1.2 If a rate element and/or charge for a product or service contained in, referenced to
or otherwise provided by a Party under this Agreement (including any attached or
referenced Appendices) is not listed in this Appendix PRICING, such rates and
charges shall be determined in accordance with Section 252(d) of the Act;
provided however, if a Party provides a product or service that is not subject to the
pricing principles of the Act, such rate(s) and/or charges shall be as negotiated by
the Parties hereto.
1.3 Except as otherwise agreed upon by the Parties in writing or by the publication of
or concurrence in tariffs or price lists filed with the FCC or the Commission, a
Party shall not be required to provide the other Party a product or service under
this Agreement unless and until the Parties have agreed upon a rate element or
charge (whether a final rate/charge or, as agreed upon by the Parties, an interim
rate/charge subject to a true-up, true-down) applicable to the requested product
and/or service.
1.4 The pricing list is in Attachment A found in this Appendix PRICING.
2. RECURRING CHARGES
2.1 Unless otherwise identified in Attachment A of this Appendix PRICING, where
rates are shown as monthly, a month will be defined as a 30-day calendar month.
The minimum term for each monthly rated element will be one (1) month. After
the initial month, billing will be on the basis of whole or fractional months used.
The minimum term for non-monthly rated services, if applicable, will be specified
in the rate table included in this Appendix.
2.2 Where rates are distance sensitive, the mileage will be calculated on the airline
distance involved between the locations. To determine the rate to be billed, the
Parties will first compute the mileage using the V&H coordinates method, as set
forth in the National Exchange Carrier Association, Inc. Tariff FCC No 4. When
the calculation results in a fraction of a mile, the fractional mileage will be
rounded up to the next whole mile before determining the mileage and applying
rates.
3. NON-RECURRING CHARGES
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX PRICING
PAGE 4
3.1 Where rates consist of usage sensitive charges or per occurrence charges, such
rates are classified as "non-recurring charges."
3.2
A party ("Submitting Party") shall pay a service order processing/administration
charge for each service order submitted by Submitting Party to the other Party.
3.3 Some items, which must be individually charged (e.g., extraordinary charges,
COMCAST Changes, TDS TELECOM Changes, etc.), are billed as nonrecurring
charges.
3.4
Time and Material charges (a.k.a. additional labor charges) are defined in the
Pricing Attachment A.
3.5 All charges assume work performed during normal business hours (8:00 AM to
5:00 PM Monday through Friday) local time. For work requested outside of
normal business hours or on weekends and holidays, premium rates will apply.
4. BILLING
4.1 For information regarding billing, non-payment, disconnects and dispute
resolution, see the General Terms and Conditions of this Agreement.
5. APPLICABILITY OFOTHER RATES,TERMSAND CONDITIONS
5.1 Every interconnection and service provided hereunder shall be subject to all rates,
terms and conditions contained in this Agreement which are legitimately related to
such interconnection or service.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 TDS TELECOM- Com cast Appendix Pricing
Contracted Interconnection Rates Attachment A
TDS TELECOM-Comcast
New Hampshire
Monthly
Recurring NonRecurring
Local Service Non-Recurring Charges (see Appendix NP)
Local Service Order (LSR)
Per Initial Order: $13.00
PerSupplemental Order: $5.00
Directory Service Order (DSR)- per Order $5.00
Miscellaneous Testing and other Additional Labor- each half hour orfraction
thereof
Overtime peremployee $ 32.90
Premium Time peremployee $ 43.86
RECIPROCAL COMPENSATION (see Appendix Recip Comp)
Transit Traffic
Perminute ofuse $0.0025
Local Traffic Termination** BillandKeep"
Should Local Traffic become outofbalance (>60/40) areciprocal LocalTraffic
Termination rate shall bedeveloped andthis Attachment shall beupdated to
incorporate such rate.
WHITE PAGES (see Appendix WP)
Directory
Per book copy delivered to COMCAST End User $2.50
I
Per Book copy Delivered inBulktoCOMCAST $2.50*
'5% discount onorders over 500
PerSingle Sided Informational Page $100.00
PERCENT LOCAL USAGE FACTOR (PLU) (See Appendix Recip Comp)
TDS Telecom Originated- COMCAST Terminated Traffic (PLU) TBD
COMCAST Originated- TDS Telecom Terminated Traffic (PLU) TBD
TDS TELECOMI Comcast Interconnection Agreement

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSA nON
PAGE 1
APPENDIX
RECIPROCAL COMPENSATION
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSATION
PAGE 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.INTRODUCTION 3
2.TRANSMISSION AND ROUTING OF TELEPHONE EXCHANGE SERVICE TRAFFIC RELEVANT TO
COMPENSATION 3
3.RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTIES 5
4.LOCAL TRAFFIC COMPENSATION 6
5.BILLING FOR MUTUAL COMPENSATION 7
6.TRANSIT TRAFFIC COMPENSATION 9
7.MEET-POINT BILLING (MPB) AND SWITCH ACCESS TRAFFIC COMPENSATION 9
8.APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RATES TERMS AND CONDITIONS 10
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSA nON
PAGE 3
APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSATION
(Mutual Compensation for Transport, Termination, and Transiting)
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 This Appendix sets forth terms and conditions for Reciprocal Compensation
provided by TDS TELECOM and COMCAST.
2. TRANSMISSION AND ROUTING OF TELEPHONE EXCHANGE SERVICE
TRAFFIC RELEVANT TO COMPENSATION
2.1 The Telecommunications traffic exchanged between COMCAST and TDS
TELECOM will be classified as Local Traffic, Tandem Transit Traffic, ISP-
Bound Traffic, IP-Enabled Voice Traffic, intraLATA Toll Traffic, or interLATA
Toll Traffic.
2.1.1 "Local Traffic," for purposes of intercarrier compensation, is
Telecommunications traffic originated by a End User Customer of one
Party in an exchange on that Party's network and terminated to a End User
Customer of the other Party on that other Party's network located within
the same exchange or other non-optional extended local calling area
associated with the originating customer's exchange as defined by TDS
TELECOM's applicable local exchange tariff. Local Traffic does not
include: (1) any ISP-Bound Traffic; (2) traffic that does not originate and
terminate within the same TDS TELECOM local calling area as such local
calling area is defined by TDS TELECOM's applicable local exchange
tariff; (3) Toll Traffic, including, but not limited to, calls originated on a
1+ presubscription basis, or on a casual dialed (1OXXXII01XXXX) basis;
(4) optional extended local calling area traffic; (5) special access, private
line, Frame Relay, ATM, or any other traffic that is not switched by the
terminating Party; or, (6) Tandem Transit Traffic.
2.1.2 "ISP-Bound Traffic" means traffic that originates from or is directed,
either directly or indirectly, to or through an information service provider
or Internet service provider (lSP) who is physically located in an exchange
within the local calling area of the originating End User. Traffic
originated from, directed to or through an ISP physically located outside
the originating End User's local calling area will be considered toll traffic
and subject to access charges. Subject to Section 4 of the General Terms
and Conditions, the Parties rights and obligations with respect to
intercarrier compensation that may be due in connection with their
exchange of telecommunications traffic delivered to Internet Service
Providers (ISPs) (Internet Traffic) shall be governed by the Order on
Remand and Report and Order, In the Matter of Implementation of the
Local Competition Provisions in the Telecommunications Act of 1996,
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSA nON
PAGE 4
Intercarrier Compensation for ISP Bound Traffic, FCC 01-131, CC
Docket Nos. 96-98 and 99-68.
2.1.3 For purposes of this Agreement and subject to Section 4 of the General
Terms and Conditions of this Agreement, "IP-Enabled Voice Traffic"
means any IP-enabled, real-time, multi-directional voice call, including,
but not limited to, service that mimics traditional telephony. IP-Enabled
Voice Traffic includes:
2.1.3.1 Voice traffic originating on Internet Protocol Connection (IPC),
and which terminates on the Public Switched Telephone Network
(PSTN); and
2.1.3.2 Voice traffic originated on the PSTN, and which terminates on
IPC, and
2.1.3.3 Voice traffic ongmating on the PSTN, which is transported
through an IPC, and which ultimately, terminates on the PSTN.
2.2 Reciprocal compensation applies for transport and termination of Local Traffic
terminated by either Party's switch. The Parties agree that the jurisdiction of a call
is determined by its originating and terminating (end-to-end) points, except to the
extent that the Commission orders or authorizes otherwise. When an End User
originates a call which terminates to an End User physically located in the same
local calling area and served on the other Party's switch, the originating Party
shall compensate the terminating Party for the transport and termination of Local
Traffic in accordance with Section 4 of this Appendix.
2.3 Intentionally left blank.
2.4 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, Local Traffic does not
include ISP-Bound Traffic. COMCAST and TDS TELECOM agree to terminate
each other's ISP-Bound Traffic on a Bill and Keep basis of reciprocal
compensation. "Bill and Keep" shall mean that the originating Party has no
obligation to pay terminating charges to the terminating Party, regardless of any
charges the originating Party may assess its End Users.
2.5 When COMCAST establishes service in a new area, the Parties' obligation for
reciprocal compensation to each other shall commence on the date the Parties
agree that the network is complete (i.e., each Party has established its originating
trunks as well as any ancillary functions (~, 9-1-1)) and is capable of fully
supporting originating and terminating End Users' (and not a Party's test) traffic.
If there is no formal agreement as to the date of network completion, it shall be
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSA nON
PAGES
considered complete no later than the date that live traffic first passes through the
network.
2.6 The compensation arrangements set forth in this Appendix are not applicable to (i)
Exchange Access traffic, (ii) traffic originated by one Party on a number ported to
its network that terminates to another number ported on that same Party's network
or (iii) any other type of traffic found to be exempt from reciprocal compensation
by the FCC or the Commission. All Exchange Access traffic and intraLATA Toll
Traffic shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of applicable
federal and state access tariffs. Optional calling plans, where applicable, will be
classified as toll traffic.
2.7 IP-Enabled Voice Traffic shall be assigned to the corresponding jurisdiction for
compensation purposes, if all the signaling parameters are included with the
traffic exchange. Calling Party Number ("CPN") and Jurisdictional Indicator
Parameter ("JIP"), where applicable, of the originating IP-Enabled Voice Traffic
shall indicate the geographical location of the actual IPC location, not the location
where the call enters the PSTN. Where the CPN and the called party number are
in the same exchange or other non-optional extended local calling area, the traffic
shall be exchanged pursuant to Section 4 of this Appendix.
2.8 Private Line Services include private line-like and special access services and are
not subject to local reciprocal compensation. Private Line Services are defined as
dedicated Telecommunications channels provided between two points or switched
among multiple points and are used for voice, data, audio or video transmission.
Private Line services include, but are not limited to, Wide Area
Telecommunications Services (WATS) access lines.
2.9 Except as provided otherwise in this Agreement, the Parties understand and agree
that either Party, upon ten (10) days written notice to the other Party, may block
any traffic that is improperly routed by the other Party over any trunk groups
and/or which is routed outside of the mutual agreement of the Parties.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, a denial by the noticed Party that traffic is being
improperly routed shall invoke the dispute resolution procedures provided in
Section 16 of the Agreement.
2.10 Neither Party shall be obligated to compensate the other Party or any Third Party
for telecommunications traffic that is inappropriately routed.
3. RESPONSIBILITIES OFTHEPARTIES
3.1 Each Party to this Appendix will be responsible for the accuracy and quality of its
data as submitted to the respective Parties involved. It is the responsibility of each
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSA nON
PAGE 6
Party to originate and transmit complete and unaltered calling party number
(CPN), as received by an originating party. Each Party is individually responsible
to provide facilities within its network for routing, transporting, measuring, and
billing traffic from the other Party's network and for delivering such traffic to the
other Party's network as referenced in Telcordia Technologies BOC Notes on
LEC Networks and to terminate the traffic it receives in that standard format to
the proper address on its network. The Parties are each solely responsible for
participation in and compliance with national network plans, including the
Telecommunications Service Priority (TSP) System for National Security
Emergency Preparedness (NSEP).
3.2 Each Party is responsible to input required data into Routing Data Base Systems
(RDBS) and into Telecordia Technologies Rating Administrative Data Systems
(example: BRADS) or other appropriate system(s) necessary to update the Local
Exchange Routing Guide.
3.3 Neither Party shall use any Interconnection, function, facility, product, network
element, or service provided under this Agreement or any other service related
thereto or used in combination therewith in any manner that interferes with or
impairs service over any facilities of either Party, its affiliated companies or other
connecting telecommunications carriers, prevents any carrier from using its
Telecommunication Service, impairs the quality or privacy of
Telecommunications Service to other carriers or to either Party's End Users,
causes hazards to either Party's personnel or the public, damage to either Party's
or any connecting carrier's facilities or equipment, including any malfunction of
ordering or billing systems or equipment. Upon such occurrence, either Party may
discontinue or refuse service for so long as the other Party is violating this
provision. Upon any such violation, either Party shall provide the other Party
notice of the violation at the earliest practicable time.
3.4 Each Party is solely responsible for the services it provides to its End Users and to
other Telecommunications Carriers.
3.5 Where SS7 connections exist, each Party will provide the other with the proper
signaling information (e.g., originating Calling Party Number, JIP, where
applicable, and destination called party number, etc.), to enable each Party to issue
bills in a complete and timely fashion. All CCS signaling parameters will be
provided including CPN, HP, where applicable, Originating Line Information
Parameter (OLIP) on calls to 8XX telephone numbers, calling party category,
Charge Number, etc. All privacy indicators will be honored.
4. LOCAL TRAFFIC COMPENSATION
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSATION
PAGE 7
4.1 The rates, terms, conditions contained herein apply only to the transport and
termination of Local Traffic on the Parties' networks. All applicable rate
elements can be found in Appendix PRICING.
4.2 Based on the assumption that the Local Traffic exchanged by the Parties will be
roughly balanced (i.e., neither Party is terminating more than sixty percent (60%)
of the Parties' total terminated minutes for Local Traffic), the Parties shall initially
terminate each other's Local Traffic on a Bill and Keep basis.
4.3 Either Party may request that a traffic study be performed no more frequently than
once a quarter. Should such traffic study indicate, in the aggregate, that the traffic
is no longer in balance, based on traffic exceeding the out-of-balance percentage
for three (3) consecutive months, either Party may notify the other of their intent
to bill for Local Traffic termination. At such time, the Parties shall mutually
agree upon and amend Appendix PRICING to incorporate rates for transport and
termination of Local Traffic which shall be utilized for the duration of the Term of
this Agreement unless otherwise agreed by the Parties. A minimum of ninety (90)
days written notice is required prior to the first billing of mutual compensation.
4.4 End Office Termination Rate
4.4.1 If the Parties invoke billing for Local Traffic termination pursuant to
Section 4.3 of this Appendix, the End Office Termination rate applies to
Local Traffic that is delivered to the Parties for termination at an End
Office Switch. This includes direct-routed Local Traffic that terminates to
offices that have combined Tandem Office Switch and End Office Switch
functions.
5. BILLING FOR MUTUAL COMPENSATION
5.1 Direct Interconnection
5.1.1 Where the Parties utilize Direct Interconnection for the exchange of traffic
between their respective networks, each Party will calculate terminating
interconnection minutes of use based on standard Automatic Message
Accounting (AMA) recordings made within each Party's network. These
recordings are the basis for each Party to generate bills to the other Party.
For purposes of reciprocal compensation only, measurement of minutes of
use over Local Interconnection Trunk Groups shall be in actual
conversation seconds. The total conversation seconds over each individual
Local Interconnection Trunk Group will be totaled for the entire monthly
bill and then rounded to the next whole minute.
5.1.2 Where SS7 connections exist between TDS TELECOM and COMCAST,
if either Party fails to provide CPN (valid originating information) or JIP,
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSA nON
PAGE 8
where applicable, on at least ninety-five percent (95%) oftotal traffic, then
traffic sent to the other Party without CPN or JIP (valid originating
information) will be handled in the following manner.
5.1.2.1 The remaining five percent (5%) of unidentified traffic will be
treated as having the same jurisdictional ratio as the ninety-five
(95%) of identified traffic.
5.1.2.2 If the unidentified traffic exceeds five percent (5%) of the total
traffic, fifty percent (50%) of the unidentified traffic shall be billed
at a rate equal to interstate access charges and fifty percent (50%)
shall be billed at a rate equal to intrastate access charges.
5.1.2.3 The Parties will coordinate and exchange data as necessary to
determine the cause of the CPN or JIP failure and to assist its
correction.
5.2 Indirect Interconnection
5.2.1 Intentionally left blank.
5.2.2 For any traffic exchanged between the Parties via third party tandems,
each Party shall utilize records provided by the tandem operator to invoice
for traffic terminating on its network. The Parties agree to accept the
billing records from the tandem operator as representative of the traffic
exchanged between the Parties.
5.2.3 To calculate intrastate toll access charges, each Party shall provide to the
other, within twenty (20) calendar days after the end of each quarter
(commencing with the first full quarter after the effective date of this
Agreement), a PLU (Percent Local Usage) factor. Each company should
calculate the PLU factor on a LATA basis using their originating
IntraLATA minutes of use. The Parties shall provide a separate PLU for
each TDS TELECOM operating company covered under this Agreement.
The percentage of originating Local Traffic plus ISP-Bound Traffic to total
intrastate (Local Traffic, ISP-Bound Traffic, and intraLATA toll)
originating traffic would represent the PLU factor.
5.3 Audits of usage associated with Reciprocal Compensation shall be performed as
specified in  38 of the General Terms and Conditions of this Agreement.
5.4 The Parties shall be governed by applicable state and federal rules, practices, and
procedures regarding the provision and recording of billing records. Neither Party
shall bill for records older than one hundred eighty (180) days.
TDS TELECOM/Corncast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSA nON
PAGE 9
6. TRANSIT TRAFFIC COMPENSATION
6.1 Transiting service allows one Party to send or receive Local Traffic to or from a
third party network through the other Party's tandem. A transit rate element as
set forth in Appendix Pricing applies to all MOUs between a Party and third party
networks that transit the other Party's tandem. The originating Party is
responsible for payment of the appropriate rates unless otherwise specified herein.
The Transiting rate element is only applicable when calls do not originate with (or
terminate to) the transit Party's End User. The rates that TDS shall charge for
transiting Comcast traffic are outlined in Appendix Pricing.
6.2 The Parties agree to establish appropriate billing relationships directly with third
party Telecommunications carriers. In the event one Party originated traffic that
transits the second Party's network to reach a third party Telecommunications
Carrier with whom the originating Party does not have a traffic exchange
agreement, then the originating Party will indemnify the second Party against any
and all charges levied by such third party telecommunications carrier, including
any termination charges related to such traffic and any attorneys fees and
expenses. The terminating party and the tandem provider will bill their respective
portions of the charges directly to the originating party.
7. MEET-POINT BILLING (MPB) AND SWITCH ACCESS TRAFFIC
COMPENSATION
7.1 Intercarrier compensation for Switched Access Traffic shall be on a MPB basis as
described below
7.2 The Parties will establish MPB arrangements in order to provide Switched Access
Services to IXC in accordance with the MPB guidelines as set forth in the
Ordering and Billing Forum's MECOD and MECAB documents.
7.3 Billing to IXC for Switched Exchange Access Services jointly provided by the
Parties via MPB arrangement shall be according to the multiple bill/multiple tariff
method. As described in the MECAB document, each Party will render a bill in
accordance with the applicable tariff for that portion of the service it provides.
Each Party will bill the applicable network access service rates to the IXC. The
network interconnection charge NIC if any, will be billed by the party providing
the end office function. For the purpose of the Appendix, Comcast is the Initial
Billing Company (IBC) and TDS is the Subsequent Billing Company.
7.4 As detailed in MECAB document, the Parties will, in accordance with appropriate
billing cycle intervals defined herein, exchange all information necessary to
accurately, reliably and promptly bill IXCs for Switched Access Services traffic
jointly handled by the Parties via the Meet Point arrangement. Information shall
be exchanged in a mutually acceptable electronic file transfer protocol. Where the
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX RECIPROCAL COMPENSA nON
PAGE 10
EMI records cannot be transferred due to a transmission failure, records can be
provided via a mutually acceptable medium. The IBC will provide the
information to the subsequent billing company within ten (10) working days of
sending the IBC's bills. The exchange of records to accommodate MPB will be
on a reciprocal, no charge basis.
7.5 MPB shall also apply to all jointly provided MOU traffic bearing the 500, 700,
900 or toll free NPAs (e.g. 800, 877, 866, 888 NPAs or any other non-geographic
NPAs) which may likewise be designated for such traffic in the future where the
responsible party is an IXC.
7.6 Each Party shall coordinate and exchange the billing account reference (BAR) and
billing account cross reference (BACR) numbers for the Meet Point Billing
service. Each Party shall notify the other if the level of billing or other
BARJBACR elements change, resulting is a new BARJBACR number.
7.7 For purposes of this Appendix, the Party to whom the End Office Switch belongs
is the IBC and the Party to whom the Tandem Office Switch belongs is the
secondary billing company. The secondary billing company will provide the IBC
with the Exchange Access detailed usage data within thirty (30) days of the
recording date. The IBC will provide to the secondary billing company the
Exchange Access summary usage date within ten (10) working days of the IBC's
bill date to the IXC.
8. APPLICABILITY OF OTHERRATESTERMSAND CONDITIONS
8.1 Every interconnection and service provided hereunder shall be subject to all rates,
terms and conditions contained in this Agreement which are legitimately related to
such interconnection or service.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX WP
PAGE 1
APPENDIXWP
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIXWP
PAGE 2
TABLEOF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION 3
2. SERVICEPROVIDED 3
3. USEOF SUBSCRIBERLISTING INFORMATION 6
4. PRICING 7
5. LIABILITY & INDEMNIFICATION 7
6. BREACHOF CONTRACT 8
7. TERM 8
8. APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RATES,TERMSANDCONDITIONS 8
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX WP
PAGE 3
APPENDIXWP
(WHITE PAGES DIRECTORy)
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 This Appendix sets forth terms and conditions that shall apply to COMCAST for
inclusion of End User Listings in TDS TELECOM White Page Telephone
Directories and Directory Assistance databases provided by TDS TELECOM.
1.2 The prices at which TDS TELECOM agrees to provide COMCAST with White
Page and Directory Assistance database services are contained in the applicable
Appendix PRICING.
2. SERVICE PROVIDED
2.1 TDS TELECOM publishes White Pages (WP) directories for geographic areas in
which COMCAST also provides local exchange telephone service, and
COMCAST wishes to include alphabetical listings information for its End Users
in the appropriate TDS TELECOM WP directories and/or Directory Assistance
databases.
2.2 COMCAST also desires distribution to its End Users of the WP directories that
include listings of COMCAST's End Users.
2.3 TDS TELECOM shall provide COMCAST and its End Users access to WP
and/or directory listings under the following terms:
2.3.1 COMCAST shall furnish to TDS TELECOM via a Local Service Request
(LSR) or Directory Service Request (DSR) all new, changed and deleted
subscriber listing information pertaining to COMCAST End Users located
within the local directory scope, along with such additional information as
TDS TELECOM may require to prepare and print the alphabetical listings
of said directory. COMCAST may provide COMCAST's subscriber listing
information to TDS TELECOM for inclusion in the WP directory up to ten
(10) days prior to the business office close date. Either the LSR or DSR
service order charges as set forth in Appendix PRICING shall apply. For
purposes of clarification, if COMCAST provides the subscriber list
information on the LSR, only the LSR order charge shall apply. In such
case, there is no additional DSR order charge. TDS TELECOM will
provide the business office close date(s) to COMCAST for the WP
directory immediately following the execution of this Agreement by both
Parties and, following that, once annually at least one-hundred twenty
(120) days in advance of future business office close dates.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX WP
PAGE 4
2.3.2 So long as COMCAST provides listing information to TDS TELECOM as
set forth above, TDS TELECOM will include in appropriate WP
directories the primary alphabetical listings of all COMCAST End Users
located within the local directory scope. TDS TELECOM will also
include, where applicable for COMCAST business End Users, one
alphabetical, non-bold yellow page listing on the same basis as provided
for TDS TELECOM business End Users.
2.3.3 COMCAST's End Users' primary listing shall be included in the
appropriate TDS TELECOM WP directory at no additional charge to
COMCAST or COMCAST's End Users. Additional, designer and foreign
listings will be offered by TDS TELECOM upon request at tariffed rates
as set forth in applicable TDS TELECOM General Subscriber Services
Tariffs.
2.3.4 COMCAST's End User listings will be alphabetically interfiled with TDS
TELECOM's subscriber listings of the WP directory. After the business
office close date for a particular directory, TDS TELECOM shall provide
COMCAST the directory publisher's interfiled proof of the subscriber
listings as such listings are to appear in the directory. The verification list
shall also include Directory Delivery Address information for each
COMCAST End User. COMCAST shall review this verification list upon
receipt and shall submit to TDS TELECOM any necessary additions,
deletions or modifications within five (5) Business Days.
2.3.5 Each COMCAST subscriber will receive one copy per primary End User
listing of TDS TELECOM's WP directory in the same manner and at the
same time that they are delivered to TDS TELECOM's subscribers during
the annual delivery of newly published directories. TDS TELECOM has
no obligation to provide any additional WP directories above the
directories provided to COMCAST or COMCAST customers after each
annual distribution of newly published WP. For WP directories and/or
WP directories that are co-bound with Yellow Pages, COMCAST may
provide to TDS TELECOM written specifications of the total number of
directories that it will require, at least sixty (60) days prior to the business
office directory close date. In that event, TDS TELECOM will deliver the
remaining directories included in the COMCAST's order in bulk to an
address specified by COMCAST.
2.3.6 TDS TELECOM will provide COMCAST with l/Sth page in each
directory (where COMCAST has or plans to have local telephone
exchange customers) for COMCAST to include COMCAST specific-
information (i.e., business office, residence office, repair bureau, etc.) in
the WP directory on an "index-type" informational page. No advertising
will be permitted on such informational page. This page will also include
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIXWP
PAGE 5
specific information pertaining to other CLECs. At its option, COMCAST
shall provide TDS TELECOM with its logo and information in the form of
a camera-ready copy, sized at 1/8th of a page. The content of COMCAST's
camera-ready copy shall be subject to TDS TELECOM's approval, which
shall not umeasonably be withheld.
2.3.7 At its request, COMCAST may purchase "Informational Page(s)" in the
informational section of the WP directory covering a geographic area
where COMCAST provides local telecommunications exchange service.
Such page(s) shall be no different in style, size, color and format than TDS
TELECOM's "Informational Pages". Sixty (60) calendar days prior to the
business office directory close date, COMCAST shall provide to TDS
TELECOM the "Informational Page" in the form of camera-ready copy.
2.3.8 At no additional charge to COMCAST or COMCAST's End Users, TDS
TELECOM will include and maintain COMCAST End User listings in
TDS TELECOM's Directory Assistance databases. To the extent that TDS
TELECOM's directory assistance listings are maintained in a database
administered by a third party, COMCAST shall cooperate with TDS
TELECOM as needed to have COMCAST listings loaded into such
database. COMCAST shall provide such Directory Assistance listings to
TDS TELECOM at no charge.
2.3.8.1 The Parties acknowledge that at the time of execution of this
Agreement, TDS TELECOM is unable to load CLEC End User
listings into the Directory Assistance database administered by
Verizon, or its successor Fairpoint.
2.3.8.2 TDS TELECOM agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to
establish a Directory Assistance database feed with Verizon
(Fairpoint) and upon completion shall include CLEC listing
information on the same basis as TDS TELECOM provides for its
customer listings.
2.3.8.3 Until such time as TDS Telecom is able to load CLEC customer
listings into the DA database administered by Verizon (Fairpoint)
TDS Telecom shall process CLEC Local Service Orders at a
reduced rate of $101LSR and Directory Service Orders at no
charge. Upon written notice to CLEC indicating that the DA
database feed has been established CLEC shall within thirty (30)
days provide a written response to TDS Telecom as to whether
CLEC will use the TDS Telecom interface of loading CLEC
customer listings into the DA database and all subsequent service
orders will be assessed the rates listed in Appendix Pricing. If no
response is provided by the CLEC within thirty (30) days of such
TDS TELECOMIComcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX WP
PAGE 6
notice of availability from TDS Telecom, all subsequent service
orders will be assessed the rates listed in Appendix Pricing.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, CLEC, in its sole discretion, may
elect in writing not to use the TDS Telecom interface for loading
CLEC customer listings into the DA database in which case service
order pricing shall continue at the reduced rate of $10/LSR and
Directory Service Orders at no charge.
2.3.9 COMCAST shall provide to TDS TELECOM, pursuant to the LSR or
DSR provisioning process as described in Section 2.3.1 above, the names,
addresses and telephone numbers of all End Users who wish to be listed in
the directory assistance database but omitted from publication in WP
directories (Non-published). Non-Published listings will be subject to the
rates as set forth in TDS TELECOM's applicable General Subscriber
Services Tariff. Comcast is responsible to properly reflect in the LSRs or
DSRs where the name, address and telephone number(s) of its End User is
omitted from the directory assistance database or the WP directories.
COMCAST need not provide names, address and telephone numbers of
End Users who wish to be omitted from both the directory assistance
database and WP directories.
3. USE OF SUBSCRIBER LISTINGINFORMATION
3.1 COMCAST authorizes TDS TELECOM to include and use the subscriber listing
information provided to TDS TELECOM pursuant to this Appendix in TDS
TELECOM's appropriate printed WP directory and Directory Assistance
database(s). Included in this authorization is the exchange of extended area
service listings TDS TELECOM provides for Independent Company directory
publications and release of COMCAST listings to requesting competing carriers
solely as required by Section 251(b)(3) and any applicable state regulations and
orders. Also included in this authorization is TDS TELECOM's use of
COMCAST's subscriber listing information in TDS TELECOM's current and
future directory.
3.2 TDS TELECOM will take appropriate measures to guard against any
unauthorized use of COMCAST's directory listing information using the same
measures and at the same level of confidentiality that TDS TELECOM affords its
own directory listing information.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIX WP
PAGE 7
4. PRICING
4.1 The rates for the services described herein are identified in Appendix PRICING.
If COMCAST provides its subscriber listing information to TDS TELECOM's
listings database, TDS TELECOM will assess a per book copy, per subscriber
line, charge at the time newly published directories are distributed to COMCAST
End Users listed in the directory, plus an annual, per book copy charge at the time
directories are delivered in bulk to COMCAST. Included in this rate, COMCAST
will receive for its End User, one primary listing in TDS TELECOM's WP
directory; and, at the time of annual distribution of newly published directories,
one copy of the directory provided to either COMCAST's End Users, or in bulk to
the COMCAST location. TDS TELECOM has no obligation to warehouse WP
directories for COMCAST or provide WP directories to COMCAST's End Users
subsequent to the annual distribution of newly published directories.
4.2 TDS TELECOM has no obligation to provide any additional WP directories
above the number of directories distributed to the COMCAST End Users or
forecast by COMCAST per Section 2.3.5 above. While TDS TELECOM has no
obligation to provide WP directories to COMCAST or COMCAST's End Users
after the annual distribution of newly published directories, TDS TELECOM will
in good faith attempt to accommodate COMCAST requests for "Subsequent"
directory orders (orders placed after the initial order/forecast is provided - see
Section 2.3.5 above). Orders for directories above the forecast number(s) will be
filled subject to availability. In such event, TDS TELECOM will provide the
directories in bulk to COMCAST and will assess a per book charge.
5. LIABILITY & INDEMNIFICATION
5.1 COMCAST hereby releases TDS TELECOM from any and all liability for
damages due to errors or omissions in COMCAST's subscriber listing
information as provided to TDS TELECOM under this Appendix, and/or
COMCAST's subscriber listing information as it appears in the WP directory,
including, but not limited to, special, indirect, consequential, punitive or
incidental damages. The above notwithstanding, TDS TELECOM shall
indemnify COMCAST for claims by third parties for errors in directory listings to
the extent, and only to the extent, such claims are caused by the intentionally
wrongful acts or gross negligence of TDS TELECOM or its employees.
5.2 This Appendix shall not establish, be interpreted as establishing, or be used by
either Party to establish or to represent their relationship as any form of agency,
partnership or joint venture. Neither Party shall have any authority to bind the
other nor to act as an agent for the other unless written authority, separate from
this Appendix, is provided. Nothing in the Appendix shall be construed as
providing for the sharing of profits or losses arising out of the efforts of either or
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009

COM-42646 APPENDIXWP
PAGE 8
both of the Parties. Nothing herein shall be construed as making either Party
responsible or liable for the obligations and undertakings of the other Party.
6. BREACH OF CONTRACT
6.1 If either Party is found to have materially breached this Appendix and the
breaching Party fails to cure the breach within thirty (30) calendar days after
receipt of notice from the other Party, the non-breaching Party may terminate the
Appendix by providing written notice to the breaching Party, whereupon this
Appendix shall be null and void with respect to any issue of TDS TELECOM's
WP directory published sixty (60) or more calendar days after the date of receipt
of such written notice.
7. TERM
7.1 The term of this Appendix shall be coterminous with the term of the
Interconnection Agreement. Upon termination, where no successor
interconnection agreement is being negotiated, arbitrated or adopted, TDS
TELECOM shall cease using, for any purpose whatsoever, the subscriber listing
information provided hereunder by COMCAST, and shall promptly return such
subscriber listing information to the COMCAST.
7.2 Upon termination of the Interconnection Agreement, where no successor
interconnection agreement is being negotiated, arbitrated or adopted, this
Appendix will be null and void with respect to any issue of directories published
thereafter, except that the indemnification provided by Section 6 herein shall
continue with respect to any directory published within one hundred and twenty
(120) calendar days of termination.
8. APPLICABILITY OF OTHERRATES,TERMSAND CONDITIONS
8.1 Every interconnection and service provided hereunder shall be subject to all rates,
terms and conditions contained in this Agreement which are legitimately related to
such interconnection or service.
TDS TELECOM/Comcast
Interconnection Agreement September 2009