REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
WTC Technologies, Inc. ) WC Docket No. 17-_____________________
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF WTC TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FOR AUTHORIZATION
TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
WTC Technologies, Inc. (“WTC Tech”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the
Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering resources as
described below.
As set forth in the Commission’s Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider
may obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such
authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information
detailed in Sections 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)-(F) of the Commission’s Rules. WTC Tech hereby
requests the Commission grant it that authorization. In support of this application, WTC Tech
provides the following information.
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications et al., Report and Order, 30 FCC Rcd
6839 (2015).

REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
(A) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: WTC Technologies, Inc.
Address: 1009 Lincoln Avenue
P.O. Box 25
Wamego, KS 66547
Telephone: (785) 456-1000
Qualified Personnel: Jeff Wick, President/General Manager
Parent Company: Wamego Telecommunications Company, Inc.
Parent Company’s OCN: 1845
(B) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
WTC Tech hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. WTC
Tech also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines
and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
(C) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
WTC Tech hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant
state commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
(D) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
WTC Tech hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the
numbering resources activation date.
WTC Tech is a broadband provider currently providing VoIP services in rural Kansas
through its own facilities. WTC Tech has access to numbering resources, and routes calls to the
PSTN through a third party interconnected VoIP provider. WTC Tech seeks the instant IVP
certificate to interconnect directly with other carriers and to obtain numbers on its own. WTC
2

REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Tech will also enter into an agreement with its parent, Wamego Telecommunications Company,
Inc. (“Wamego”), a rural incumbent local exchange carrier (“ILEC”) operating in Kansas, to
route VoIP traffic on Wamego’s switch. Under its current and pending agreements and
established procedures, WTC Tech will be able to place all numbers into service within a short
timeframe, and all numbers will be placed into service within 60 days of activation. WTC Tech
already provides VoIP service and routes calls to the PSTN, and as further proof of its facilities
readiness, WTC Tech has attached to this application a representative facilities order
demonstrating that WTC Tech obtains interconnection with the PSTN pursuant to a commercial
arrangement that provides access to the PSTN. WTC Tech has already submitted and obtained
facilities through this process. This facilities order, submitted confidentially, is attached as
Exhibit A.
(E) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
WTC Tech hereby certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32,
its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47
CFR part 9.
(F) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
WTC Tech hereby certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. It is financially stable, is led by a strong, experienced team of
individuals with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has
sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services.
3

REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Specifically, WTC Tech is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wamego Telecommunications, a rural
Kansas incumbent local exchange carrier that has been providing telephone and other advanced
communications services since 1912. As an affiliate of a long standing and experienced
telecommunications service provider, WTC Tech will rely on the experience and personnel of its
parent in order to provide service to its customers. Furthermore, WTC Tech has the capabilities
to seamlessly port and place numbers into service and successfully route calls. WTC Tech’s
lengthy experience with number porting enables it, along with its carrier partners, to create
routing arrangements that seamlessly deliver calls to numbers directly assigned to WTC Tech.
WTC Tech’s key management and technical personnel are listed below and each has at
least 25 years of relevant industry experience. None of the identified personnel is being or has
been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to
comply with any law, rule, or order.
Key Personnel: Jeff Wick, President/General Manager
Suzanne Hemphill, Commercial Operations Manager
Rod Sackrider, Network Operations Manager
(G) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
WTC Tech hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), WTC Tech will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this application, and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. WTC Tech will also
furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when
requesting numbers in that state.
4

REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, WTC Tech respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
/s Tony S. Lee
Tony S. Lee
Fletcher, Heald & Hildreth, P.L.C.
1300 North 17th Street
11th Floor
Arlington, VA 22209
(703) 812-0400
February 3, 2017 Counsel to WTC Technologies, Inc.
5

REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
EXHIBIT A
FACILITIES ORDER
Exhibit Removed – Contains Confidential Information