Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
Magna5 LLC ) WC Docket No.
)
Application to Obtain Telephone Numbers )
Directly From the North American Numbering )
Plan Administrator and the Pooling )
Administrator )
NUMBERING AUTHORIZATION APPLICATION
Magna5 LLC (“Applicant”), hereby applies for authorization to obtain telephone numbers directly from
the North American Numbering Plan Administrator and the Pooling Administrator (collectively,
"Numbering Administrators") pursuant to and in accordance with Section 52.15 (g) of the Commission's
rules. In support hereof, Applicant respectfully states:
1. Applicant’s name, headquarters’ address and telephone number are as follows:
Magna5 LLC
5445 Legacy Dr., Suite 180
Plano, TX 75024
214-932-9293
2. The primary type of business of Applicant is telecommunications services, which includes
interconnected VoIP. The numbering resources that are the subject of this Application will be
used to provide interconnected VoIP services, initially in New York, Oregon, and Washington.
Applicant intends to eventually use the numbering resources to provide such services
throughout the United States, including its territories and possessions.
3. The name and contact information for personnel of Applicant qualified to address issues
relating to regulatory requirements, compliance with Commission rules, 911 and law
enforcement is as follows:
Joseph O'Hara, CFO; regulatory@magna5global.com; (214) 932-9293
5445 Legacy Dr., Suite 180, Plano, TX 75024
4. Applicant acknowledges that the authorization is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules, numbering authority delegated to the states and industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering applicable to telecommunications carriers.

Magna5 LLC
LIST OF EXHIBITS
EXHIBIT A Organizational Chart
EXHIBIT B Biographies of Key Personnel

EXHIBIT A
Organizational Chart

Magna5 Organization Chart
NewSpring Holdings
Management Company LLC
NewSpring Holdings NewSpring Holdings
LLC Parallel LLC
Magna5 Partners LLC
Magna5 Holding LLC
Magna5 RTC LLC Magna5 LLC
Magna5 International LLC

EXHIBIT B
Biographies of Key Personnel

Greg Forrest
Chief Executive Officer
Greg brings global perspective, entrepreneurial drive and proven successes to his role as CEO of
Magna5. With a track record of building businesses through enterprise transformations and
market consolidation strategies, Greg has extensive experience in leading and operating
technology-enabled services businesses; all resulting in significant revenue growth, operating
leverage and improved operational efficiencies. His past successes in creating shareholder value
through financial performance, in both public and private companies, drove him to lead the
initiative to lead the acquisition of three companies and bring them together as Magna5.
An enthusiastic, engaging leader driven to bring together teams of people within varied
companies to drive greater successes, Greg is a talented c-level executive skilled in fostering
business environments that encourage employees to exceed goals, all while keeping the service
levels customer based and responsive to the changing needs of the marketplace. His has
extensive expertise in Business Transformations, M&A, Integration, Compliance/Governance
and Organizational Change Management.
He previously served as CEO/President of publicly-traded XETA Technologies (NASDAQ:
XETA) with annual revenues of $100M+ and headcount of 450 employees. He implemented
growth strategies resulting in a 2X increase in revenue run rate, improved operating leverage
while completing a business transformation and ultimately engineered the successful merger
agreement with PAETEC Holding Corp. (now Windstream), acquired at $5.50 per share, a 67%
premium over average market closing price for previous six months. Greg also launched a US
Geo for a Global Technology Service Provider located in Mumbai, India. The two-year outcome
of this initiative resulted in a profitable $50M U.S. operating entity where growth was achieved
through acquisition and organic methods.
In 2011, Greg was recognized for his significant accomplishments by being named a Finalist of
the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award. Greg is a graduate of the University of
Washington.

Joe O'Hara
Chief Financial Officer
Chief Financial Officer Joe O’Hara brings a wealth of financial acumen specific to the
telecommunications industry to Magna5. In his role, he oversees corporate finance and
accounting functions for the company, including financial reporting, planning and analysis.
Before joining Magna5 in January 2017, Joe was the CFO of ANPI, LLC where he led various
initiatives of corporate development activity, including the launch of a start-up subsidiary and
other business expansion initiatives. During his time at ANPI, Joe was in a variety of finance
roles, including Director of Finance and Accounting.
While responsible over the finance function, he worked to secure equity capital for the
organization through multiple private placement offerings and by establishing commercial debt
facilities, providing capital for the organization to successfully pursue its growth initiatives.
Throughout his time at ANPI, Joe worked closely with the Chief Executive Officer and the
Board of Directors regarding the strategic focus of mergers and acquisitions activity and led
critical activities surrounding due diligence, structuring, negotiations and final documentation.
Joe is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in Texas and Illinois, and is accredited in business
valuation. He also holds a Masters of Business Administration degree with a concentration in
finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Dan Horton
Chief Information Officer
Dan brings 25 years of telecommunications and operations experience to Magna5 and is
dedicated to providing strong leadership skills in technology management and product
development.
Dan served as the Chief Technology Officer at X5 Solutions, one of the companies brought
together to make up Magna5, overseeing the day-to-day operations and operational strategy at
one of the largest telecommunications providers in the Pacific Northwest.
Before his tenure at X5 Solutions, he was co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of Who’s
Calling, where he focused on growing the company from a start-up to $75 million in annual
sales. Throughout his career in the telecommunications industry, Dan held many executive
positions, exhibiting his abilities to respond to the changing needs a company, no matter the title
he held; from COO to CIO, CTO and VP of Engineering in CLECs, ISPs and IXCs, Dan’s varied
experience in dealing with all aspects of operational management, engineering and development,
product management, network management and vendor management is extensive. He has unique
experience bridging technology, business strategy, product development and operations together
while transforming these elements from concepts to business success.

Service Exhibit
Host Switch and Transport Services
Under this Service Exhibit and the terms of the Master Services Agreement ('MSA') betrveen X5
OpCo, LLC. ('Customey'') and Inteliquent Inc. ("Canier") dated February 22,2016, Customer will
receive and Carrier will provide Host Switch and Transport Services (the "Services"). In the event of
a conflict between a tenn in this Service Exhibit and a term in the MSA, the term in this Service
Exhibit will govern with respect to the Services. The definitions in the MSA apply to any term that is
not defined in this Service Exhibit. This Service Exhibit is effective on February 22,2016 ("Effective
Date').
l. l.
List of market(s). Carrier will provide the Services in the LATAs set forth on Exhibit The
parties may add additional markets by executing "Seryice Orders" that set out by LATA the relevant
charges and any additional terms and conditions agreed to by the parties.
2.
The Services: and Certain Definitions.
2.1
For the purposcs of this Service Exhibit:
a.
"Host Switch" has the meaning defined in the next paragraph.
b.
"ILEC'means an Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier.
c.
"Inbound Traffic" means all inbound traffic terminating to Customer under this Agreement.
d.
"IXC'means an Inter-exchange Carrier
e.
"Local Traffrc" means calls that Carrier receives from the ILEC over its local tunks with the
applicable ILEC. o'Local Traffic" includes traffrc originating from a third pady that the ILEC
feats as local transit haffrc.
f.
"Local Transit Traf,fic" means calls that that Carrier receives over its local transit seryice
trunks from an On-net carrier. "Local Transit Traffic" excludes Local Traffic.
g.
"OfFnet carrief' or "Of[-net IXC carriet'' means a third party carrier to which Carrier is not
directly connected.
h. "On-net carrier" or "On-n€t IXC carrier" means a third party carrier to which Canier is
directly connected. In no event will the ILEC be an On-net carrier or On-net IXC carrier.
i. "Switched Access Traffic" means InterLATA or IntraLATA toll calls terminating to
Customer via Carrier's FGD tandem.
2.2
Customer may use Canier's interconnection trunks to the applicable ILECs by populating
Carrier's switch (the "Host S\uitch") as the 'Actu:d SW ID' in the LERG for Customer's NPA./IDO('s
for the purpose ofreceiving:
a.
Local Traffic originating fiom an ILEC subscriber; and
I
Confidential

b.
Local Traffic originating from a non-ILEC subscriber transited by the ILEC via the ILEC's
local fansit service.
2.3
Customer will receive from Carrier Local Transit Traffic that originates from Carrier's third
party provider customers and terminates to Customer via Carrier's tandem.
2.4 Customer will populate Carrier's access tandem as the originating and terminating FGD
Tandem for Customer's NPA./I{XX's so that Switched Access Traffic will be terminated from IXCs
via Carrier's access homing tandem service.
3.
Transport Services. Carrier will receive all Local Traffic, Local Transit Traffic and Switched
Access Traffic calls and transport such traffic'(the "Transport Service") to Customer using the
interconnection fasilities set out in Section 4.
4. Interconnection. The parties plan to connect using a public IP connection, If the parties
subsequently elect to interconnect using a GigE transport facility, Customer will pay Canier the
charges mutually agreed to by the parties in writing for such interconnection. Separate trunk groups
will be used for calls terminating to calling card applieations. Separate trunk groups will also be used
for any other service provided by Carrier, such as Carrier's DID service.
Customer will not send any outbound traffic under this Service Exhibit. Any outbound traffic must
be sent under a separate agreement using separate ffunk groups.
5. Term: Commencing on the date set forth underneath Customer's signahrre, the initial term of
this Agreement is one year. The term will automatically renew on a month to month basis, unless
terminated by written notice provided by either Party to the other no less than 90 days prior to the end
of the initial term or 30 days prior to any renewal term. Notwithstandirrg the foregoing, Customer
may terminate this Agreement on 30 days'notice if Carrier exercises its right to adjust the rates and
fees (as set forth in Section 6 or in Exhibit l).
6.
Monthly Charges. In exchange for the Services, Customer will pay the charges set forth on
l.
Exhibit Canier may adjust the prices by providing Customer with 60 day's prior written notice.
7. Customer Responsibilities. Customer will: (a) enter into and maintain an interconnection
agreement ("ICA') with the ILECs seruing the local calling area in which the Host Switch is located,
(b) meet all 9l I requirements, including 9l l interconnections or waivers, (c) meet any local number
porability (LNP/LRN) requirements, (d) obtain a POI CLLI (common language location identifier)
code in the serving LATA to home its NPANXX's, (e) populate Carrier's end-office switch in the
LERG as the 'Actual SW ID' for purposes of receiving Local Traffrc and Local Transit Traffic over
the ILEC interconnection trunks and populate Carrier's access tandem as the originating and
terminating FGD Tandem in the LERG with an effective date that has been agreed to by Carrier, and
(f) meet any other responsibility normally associated with operating as a facilities based local service
provider in the state in which the Host Switch is located.
Customer must also obtain and maintain LRN for delivery of 3d Parly Traffic to Customer in the
applicable market.
8. Carrier ResLonsibilities. If applicable, Carrier will provide Customer with a letter of
authorization (LOA) allowing Customer to use Carrier's Host Switch as the Actual Switch in the
LERG. Upon the completion of installation and testing of interconnection facilities and
2
Confidential

implementation of the Services using a Host Switch in a LATA, Carrier will notiff Customer, in
writing or email, that the Service is available for use.
9. Third Parties. Customer will not charge Carrier any amounts in connection with Local
Traffic, Local Transit Traffic and Switched Access Traffic or otherwise under this Service Exhibit.
Customer will be responsible for and indemni$ Carrier against any and all charges levied by any
third party telecommunications provider in connection with the Local Traffic, Local Transit Traffic
and Switched Access Traffic, including any intercarier compensation or termination charges.
Customer will be responsible for Carrier's expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and
expenses, incurred in successfully collecting any such amounts from Customer.
X5 OpCo, LLC
Name: Nathan Bledsoe
Title: CTO
Inteliquent, Inc. acceptance
signature:
3
Confidential

INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTERCONNECTION,
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS, ANCILLARY SERVICES,
AND RESALE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
BETWEEN
Qwest Corporation
AND
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
For the State ofWashington
April 21,2010
Agreement Number
CDS-100422-0002

Section 1
General Terms
Section 1.0 - GENERAL TERIIS
1. 1 This Agreement for Interconnection, Unbundled Network Elements, ancillary
services, and resale of Telecommunications Services is between Neutral Tandem, Inc. (CLEC),
a Delaware corporation with offices at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois 60606
and Qwest Corporation (Qwest), a Colorado corporation with offices at 1801 California Street,
Denver, Colorado 80202, pursuant to Section 252(f) ofthe Telecommunications Act of 1996,for
purposes offulfilling Qwest's obligations under Sections 222, 251(a), (b), and (c),252, and other
relevant provisions ofthe Act and the rules and regulations promulgated there under.
1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.3 This Agreement sets forth the terms, conditions and pricing under which Qwest
will provide to CLEC network Interconnection, access to Unbundled Network Elements, ancillary
services, and Telecommunications Services available for resale within the geographical areas in
which Qwest is providing local Exchange Service at that time, and for which Qwest is the
incumbent Local Exchange Carrier within the State of Washington, for purposes of providing
local Telecommunications Services.
Intentionally Left Blank.
1.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.8 With respect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, Qwest has
negotiated the Agreement in its entirety, and the inclusion of any particular provision, or rate,
term and condition, is not evidence of the reasonableness thereof when considered apart from
all other provisions ofthe Agreement.
April 21,2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/WA/Agreement Number CDS-100422-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.1.3.4 It is the responsibility of either Party to inform its End User Customers of
service impacting impairment that may result in discontinuance ofservice as soon as the
Party receives notice ofsame.
5.1.4 Each Party is solely responsible for the services it provides to its End User
Customers and to other Telecommunications Carriers. This provision is not intended to limit the
liability ofeither Party for its failure to perform under this Agreement.
5.1.5 The Parties shall work cooperatively to minimize fraud associated with third-
number billed calls, calling card calls, and any other services related to this Agreement.
5.1.6 Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either Party from seeking to recover the
costs and expenses, if any, it may incur in (a) complying with and implementing its obligations
under this Agreement, the Act, and the rules, regulations and orders of the FCC and the
Commission, and (b) the development, modification, technical installation and maintenance of
any systems or other infrastructure which it requires to comply with and to continue complying
with its responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Qwest shall not assess any charges against CLEC for services, facilities, Unbundled Network
Elements, ancillary services and other related work or services covered by this Agreement,
unless the charges are expressly provided for in this Agreement. All services and capabilities
currently provided hereunder (including resold Telecommunications Services, Unbundled
Network Elements, UNE Combinations and ancillary services) and all new and additional
services or Unbundled Network Elements to be provided hereunder, shall be priced in
accordance with all applicable provisions of the Act and the rules and orders of the Federal
Communications Commission and orders ofthe Commission.
5.2 Term ofAgreement
5.2.1 This Agreement shall become effective on the date of Commission Approval.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties for a term of three (3)years and shall expire
on July 21, 2013.
5.2.2 Upon expiration of the term of this Agreement, this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect until superseded by a successor agreement in accordance with this Section
5.2.2. Any Party may request negotiation of a successor agreement by written notice to the
other Party no earlier than one hundred sixty (160) Days prior to the expiration of the term, or
the Agreement shall renew on a month to month basis. The date of this notice will be the
starting point for the negotiation window under Section 252 of the Act. This Agreement will
terminate on the date a successor agreement is approved by the Commission. However,
nothing relieves CLEC from fulfilling the obligations incurred under the prior Agreement.
5.3 Proof ofAuthorization
5.3. 1 Each Party shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining Proof of
Authorization (POA) as required by applicable federal and state law, as amended from time to
time.
5.3.2 The Parties shall make POAs available to each other upon request in the event
of an allegation of an unauthorized change in accordance with all Applicable Laws and rules
and shall be subject to any penalties contained therein.
April 21,2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/WA/Agreement Number CDS-100422-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010 29

Section 22
Signature Page
Section 22.0 - SIGNATURE PAGE
By signing below, and in consideration ofthe mutual promises set forth herein, and other good
and valuable consideration, the Parties agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in
this Interconnection Agreement.
Neutral Tandem, inc.
signature
Signature
David Tatak L.T. Christensen
Name Printed/Typed Name Printed/Typed
VP — Billin 8 Revenue Service Director — Wholesale Contracts
Title
Date
April 21,2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/WA/Agreement Number CDS-100422-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010 311