CenturyLink
Room 3162
14111 Capital Boulevard
Wake Forest, NC 27587
Phone 984-237-1330
Jeanne.W.Stockman@centurylink.com
Jeanne W. Stockman
Associate General Counsel
February 19, 2020
Non-Redacted Via Courier – Redacted Via ECFS
Marlene H. Dortch
Office of the Secretary
Enforcement Bureau
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street, S.W.
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Request for Confidential Treatment of Exhibit A and Supplement to
Application of CenturyLink Communications, LLC For Interconnected VoIP
Numbering Authorization, WC Docket No. 19-349
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, CenturyLink
Communications, LLC (“CCLLC”), is supplementing its application requesting authorization to
obtain numbering resources. Exhibit A of this is confidential information and bears the legend
“CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION – NOT FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION.” CCLLC is
filing a public version of its supplement electronically (without Exhibit A) and a confidential
version of Exhibit A to its supplement via courier. The confidential information in this
submission reflects commercial information that is not routinely made available to the public and
would cause competitive harm to CCLLC if disclosed. As such, this submission should be
afforded confidential treatment under 47 C.F.R. §§ 0.457 and 0.459 of the Commission’s Rules,
and CCLLC provides its justification for such treatment in the attached Appendix.
Please contact the undersigned if you have questions concerning this submission.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Jeanne W. Stockman
Enclosures
cc (via email): Jordan Reth

2 | Pa g e
APPENDIX
Confidentiality Request and Justification
47 C.F.R. § 0.457
Pursuant to Section 0.457 of the Commission’s Rules, 47 C.F.R. § 0.457, CCLLC requests
confidential treatment of Exhibit A to the enclosed Supplement to Application of CenturyLink
Communications, LLC For Interconnected VoIP Numbering Authorization in WC Docket No.
19-349. CCLLC is an affiliate of its parent company, CenturyLink, Inc., and filed its
Application on November 14, 2019. The type of information included in the attached
Exhibit A, which is confidential and proprietary commercial information of CCLLC, is not
routinely available for public inspection and thus is protected from public availability
under Section 0.457(d).
47 C.F.R. § 0.459
Should the Commission not deem that CCLLC’s Exhibit A is protected from public disclosure
under 47 C.F.R. § 0.457, then CCLLC requests confidential treatment pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §
0.459(b) as described below.
Information for which confidential treatment is sought
CCLLC requests confidential treatment of Exhibit A to the enclosed Supplement to Application
of CenturyLink Communications, LLC For Interconnected VoIP Numbering Authorization in
WC Docket No. 19-349. Exhibit A includes confidential and proprietary commercial
information, which is protected from disclosure under Exemption 4 of the Freedom of
Information Act.1 The Commission has long recognized that, for purposes of FOIA Exemption
4, “records are ‘commercial’ as long as the submitter has a commercial interest in them.”2
Exhibit A, for which confidential treatment is sought, bears the legend “CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION – NOT FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION.”
Commission proceeding in which the information was submitted
The information is being submitted in WC Docket No. 19-349, which is an application for
authority for CCLLC to obtain numbering resources. Exhibit A is a required part of that
application.
15 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4); see also 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d).
2Robert J. Butler, 6 FCC Rcd 5414, 5415 (1991), citing Public Citizen Health Research Group
v. FDA, 704 F.2d 1280, 1290 (D.C. Cir. 1983); American Airlines v. National Mediation Board,
588 F. 2d 863, 868 (2d Cir. 1978).

3 | Pa g e
Degree to which the information in question is commercial or financial, or contains a trade secret
or is privileged
Exhibit A contains commercial information that CenturyLink considers proprietary and
confidential. This information concerns CenturyLink’s agreements with other carrier partners,
including terms, conditions and pricing. This information is competitively sensitive information
that would not normally be released to the public, as such release would have a substantial
negative competitive impact on CenturyLink. The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals has found that
parties do not have to “show actual competitive harm” to justify confidential treatment. Rather,
“actual competition and the likelihood of substantial competitive injury is sufficient to bring
commercial information within the realm of confidentiality.”3
Degree to which the information concerns a service that is subject to competition; and manner in
which disclosure of the information could result in substantial competitive harm
The information in Exhibit A relates to CCLLC’s provision of VoIP service, which is highly
competitive with a multitude of service providers in the marketplace. Detailed operational and
commercial information of the type provided in Exhibit A would generally not be made available
to the public and disclosure of this information to CCLLC’s competitors could produce
competitive harm.
Steps taken to prevent unauthorized disclosure; and availability of the information to the public
and the extent of any previous disclosure of the information to third parties
CCLLC has treated and treats the type of information disclosed in Exhibit A as confidential and
has protected it from public disclosure.
Justification of the period during which CenturyLink asserts that the material should not be
available for public disclosure
At this time, CCLLC cannot determine any date on which the information disclosed in Exhibit A
should not be considered confidential or would become stale, except that the information will be
handled in conformity with CCLLC’s records retention policies, absent any continuing legal
hold.
Other information that CenturyLink believes may be useful in assessing whether its request for
confidentiality should be granted
Under applicable Commission and court rulings, the information in question should be withheld
from public disclosure. Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act shields information that
is (1) commercial or financial in nature; (2) obtained from a person outside the government; and
(3) privileged and confidential. The information in question satisfies this test.
3Public Citizen Health Research Group v. FDA, 704 F.2d at 1291, quoting Gulf & Western
Industries v. U.S., 615 F.2d 527, 530 (D.C. Cir. 1979).

Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
CenturyLink Communications, LLC, Applicant )
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering ) WC Docket No. 19-349
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
the Commission’s Rules )
SUPPLEMENT TO APPLICATION OF
CENTURYLINK COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR
INTERCONNECTED VOIP NUMBERING AUTHORIZATION
CenturyLink Communications, LLC (“CCLLC”), a current provider of interconnected
voice over internet protocol (“VoIP”) service, files this supplement to its application with the
Federal Communications Commission (the “Commission”) for authorization to acquire
telephone numbers directly from the North American Numbering Plan Administrator and the
Pooling Administrator (the “Numbering Administrators”) pursuant to Commission rule section
52.15(g)(3).1
CCLLC provides the following supplementary information in support of its application:
1. CCLLC intends to request numbering resources and offer interconnected VoIP services
in the following states: Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Delaware, District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Massachusetts, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Mississippi, Montana, North
Carolina, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, Nevada,
New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South
147 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3). CCLLC filed its application on November 14, 2019.

Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin, West Virginia and
Wyoming.
2. To demonstrate facilities readiness, CCLLC attaches as CONFIDENTIAL Exhibit A an
agreement between it and its carrier partner.
3. To further demonstrate facilities readiness, CCLLC attaches as Exhibit B an
interconnection agreement between its carrier partner and an incumbent local exchange
carrier (“ILEC”) for one of the states listed in Paragraph 1. Additional interconnection
agreements between CCLLC’s carrier partner and relevant ILECs can be provided upon
Commission request.
4. CenturyLink clarifies the certifications made in its application to specify (1) that it
complies with its 911 obligations under Commission rule Part 9; and (2) that no party to
the application, as defined in Commission rule sections 1.2001 and 1.2002, is subject to a
denial of Federal benefits pursuant to section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988.
A revised certification from CCLLC to this effect executed by Stacy Hartman, VP Public
Policy & Compliance is attached as Exhibit C.
2

LIST OF EXHIBITS
Exhibit A: Carrier Partner Agreement **CONFIDENTIAL**
Exhibit B: Interconnection Agreement
Exhibit C: Certification of Stacy Hartman
4