Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
Application of Alaska Communications ) WC Docket No. 19-____
Internet, LLC For Certification As an )
Interconnected VOIP Provider For Direct )
Access To Numbering Resources Pursuant )
To Section 52.15(g)(3) of the Commission’s )
Rules1 )
AMENDMENT TO APPLICATION
Alaska Communications Internet, LLC (“Alaska Communications”) filed the above-
captioned application on or about December 6, 2017 (the “Application”). Alaska
Communications hereby respectfully requests that the additional information provided herein be
associated with and made part of the Application, and that the Application be placed on public
notice as complete and acceptable for filing.
The Application affirms that Alaska Communications currently is able to provide, and
upon grant of the subject application will continue providing, interconnected voice over Internet
Protocol (“i-VoIP”) service using the facilities of its ILEC affiliates. The Application states that
Alaska Communications currently offers i-VoIP services by accessing the facilities of its
corporate affiliates serving the Anchorage rate center under the terms of an intra-corporate
interconnection agreement. Application at ¶3.
The Application is hereby amended by enclosing an interconnection agreement (the
“ICA”) between and among Alaska Communications Internet, LLC and the following corporate
affiliates (each an incumbent local exchange carrier or “ILEC” owned by the parent of ACS
1 47 CFR §52.15(g)(3).

Internet, LLC): ACS of Alaska, LLC (serving Juneau and the southeast Alaska area), ACS of
the Northland, LLC (serving two study areas in the rural interior of Alaska), ACS of Anchorage,
LLC (serving Anchorage and the surrounding area) and ACS of Fairbanks, LLC (serving
Fairbanks and the surrounding area).
The ICA establishes that Alaska Communications is capable of providing interconnected
VoIP service within sixty days of the numbering resource activation date in accordance with
Section 52.15(g)(2) of the Commission’s rules.2 Specifically, pursuant to the ICA, Alaska
Communications is capable of accessing the public switched telephone network (“PSTN”) for
the purpose of providing i-VoIP service, including providing users the ability to originate calls to
the PSTN and receive calls terminating from the PSTN. Alaska Communications thus has
demonstrated “facilities readiness” as required by the Commission’s rules.3
Respectfully submitted,
Karen Brinkmann
Counsel to Alaska Communications Internet, LLC
1800 M Street, NW
Suite 800-North
Washington, DC 20036
202.365.0325
KB@KarenBrinkmann.com
February 28, 2019
2 47 CFR §52.15(g)(2).
3 See Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, et al., WC Docket No. 13-97 et
al., 30 FCC Rcd 6839, 6856-57 (2015) (requiring “facilities readiness” including interconnection
with the public switched telephone network (“PSTN”) and readiness to permit users to receive
calls from the PSTN and terminate calls to the PSTN, which may be evidenced by an
interconnection agreement), citing 47 CFR §52.15(g)(2).

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS INTERNET, LLC
APPLICATION FOR DIRECT ACCESS TO NUMBERING RESOURCES
AMENDMENT
February 28, 2019
EXHIBIT A
Interconnection and Traffic Exchange Agreement

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
This Interconnection and Traffic Exchange Agreement ("Agreement") shall be deemed
February 1, 2019 (the "Effective Date"), between ACS of Alaska, LLC, ACS of the Northland, LLC,
Anchorage, LLC, and ACS of Fairbanks, LLC (collectively, "the LECs"), and Alaska Communications
Internet, LLC ("Alaska Communications"). (Alaska Communications and the LECs may be referred to
hereinafter, each, individually as a "Party", and, collectively, as the "Parties").
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally
bound, Alaska Communications and the LECs hereby agree as follows:
1. Application of Law
1.1 The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be
governed by (a) the laws of the United States of America and (b) the laws of the State
of Alaska, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules. All disputes relating to this
Agreement shall be resolved through the application of such laws.
1.2 Each Party shall remain in compliance with Applicable Law in the course of performing
its obligations under this Agreement.
1.3 Neither Party shall be liable for any delay or failure in performance by it that results
from requirements of Applicable Law, or acts or failures to act of any Governmental
Authority.
1.4 Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any action of a
Governmental Authority that limits, suspends, cancels, terminates, withdraws, or
otherwise materially affects, the notifying Party's ability to perform its obligations
under this Agreement.
1.5 If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable under Applicable
Law, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
any other provision of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if it
did not contain such invalid or unenforceable provision; provided, that if the invalid or
unenforceable provision is a material provision of this Agreement, or the invalidity or
unenforceability materially affects the rights or obligations of a Party hereunder or the
ability of a Party to perform any material provision of this Agreement, the Parties shall
promptly renegotiate in good faith and amend in writing this Agreement in order to
make such mutually acceptable revisions to this Agreement as may be required in
order to conform the Agreement to Applicable Law.
1.6 If any legislative, regulatory, judicial or other governmental decision, order,
determination or action, or any change in Applicable Law, materially affects any
material provision of this Agreement, the rights or obligations of a Party hereunder, or
the ability of a Party to perform any material provision of this Agreement, the Parties
shall promptly renegotiate in good faith and amend in writing this Agreement in order
to make such mutually acceptable revisions to this Agreement as may be required in
order to conform the Agreement to Applicable Law. If within 30 days of the effective
date of such decision, determination, action or change, the Parties are unable to agree
in writing upon mutually acceptable revisions to this Agreement, either Party may, in
its sole discretion, pursue any remedies available to it under this Agreement, at law, in

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
equity, or otherwise, including, but not limited to, instituting an appropriate
proceeding before a court of competent jurisdiction, without first pursuing dispute
resolution in accordance with Section 10 of this Agreement.
2. Assignment
Neither Party may assign this Agreement or any right or interest under this Agreement, nor
delegate any obligation under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the other
Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Any
attempted assignment or delegation in violation of this Section 2 shall be void and ineffective
and constitute default of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may
assign this Agreement without the other Party's consent: (a) to any parent, subsidiary or
Affiliate entity; or (b) to any successor in interest of all or substantially all of the assets, stock
or business of that Party to which this Agreement pertains.
3. [Reserviced]
4. Authorization
4.1 Alaska Communications represents and warrants that it is an LLC duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Alaska, and that it
has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its
obligations hereunder.
4.2 The LECs represent and warrants that they are LLCs, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Alaska, and that each has full power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its obligations
hereunder.
5. Billing and Payment; Disputed Amounts
5.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Party shall submit (or
otherwise make available) to the other Party, on a monthly basis in an itemized form,
statement(s) of charges incurred by the other Party under this Agreement.
5.2 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, payment of amounts billed for
Services provided under this Agreement, whether billed on a monthly basis or as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall be due, in immediately available U.S.
funds, on the later of the following dates (the "Due Date"): (a) the due date specified
on the billing Party's statement; or (b) twenty (20) Business Days after the date the
statement is received by the billed Party. Payments shall be transmitted by electronic
funds transfer.
5.3 If any portion of an amount billed by a Party under this Agreement is subject to a
good faith dispute between the Parties, the billed Party shall give written notice to
the billing Party of the amounts it disputes ("Disputed Amounts") and include in such
notice the specific details and reasons for disputing each item. A Party may also
dispute prospectively with a single written notice a class of charges that it disputes.
Notice of a dispute may be given by a Party at any time, either before or after an
amount is paid, and a Party's payment of an amount shall not constitute a waiver of
such Party's right to subsequently dispute its obligation to pay such amount or to seek
a refund of any amount paid. The billed Party shall pay by the Due Date all undisputed
amounts. Billing disputes shall be subject to the terms of Section 10, Dispute
Page 2 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
Resolution.
5.4 Charges due to the billing Party that are not paid by the Due Date shall be subject to a
late payment charge. The late payment charge shall be in an amount specified by the
billing Party which shall not exceed a rate of one-and- one-half percent (1.5%) ofthe
overdue amount (including any unpaid previously billed late payment charges) per
month.
5.5 The Parties shall submit timely statements of charges to the other Party. Neither Party
shall initiate credit claims or bill the other Party for previously unbilled, underbilled or
over-billed charges for Services that were provided more than 2 years prior to the
applicable bill date.
6. Confidentiality
6.1 As used in this Section 6, "Confidential Information" means the following information
that is disclosed by one Party ("Disclosing Party") to the other Party ("Receiving
Party") in connection with, or anticipation of, this Agreement:
6.1.1 [reserved];
6.1.2 any forecasting information provided pursuant to this Agreement;
6.1.3 Customer Information (except to the extent that (a) the Customer
Information is published in a directory, (b) the Customer Information is
disclosed through or in the course of furnishing directory assistance,
operator service, Caller ID, LIDB or a similar service or (c) the Customer to
whom the Customer Information is related has authorized the Receiving
Party to use and/or disclose the Customer Information);
6.1.4 information related to specific facilities or equipment;
6.1.5 any information that is in written, graphic, electromagnetic or other
tangible form, and marked at the time of disclosure as "Confidential" or
"Proprietary"; and
6.1.6 any other information that a reasonable person would understand to be
confidential based on the nature of the information or the circumstances of
its disclosure.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a Party shall have the right to
refuse to accept Confidential Information.
6.2 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Receiving Party shall:
6.2.1 use the Confidential Information received from the Disclosing Party only in
performance of this Agreement; and
6.2.2 use the same degree of care that it uses with similar confidential
information of its own (but in no case a degree of care that is less than
commercially reasonable), hold Confidential Information received from the
Disclosing Party in confidence and restrict disclosure ofthe Confidential
Information solely to those of the Receiving Party's Affiliates and the
directors, officers, employees, Agents and contractors of the Receiving
Party and the Receiving Party's Affiliates, that have a need to receive such
Page 3 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
Confidential Information in order to perform the Receiving Party's
obligations under this Agreement. The Receiving Party's Affiliates and the
directors, officers, employees, Agents and contractors of the Receiving
Party and the Receiving Party's Affiliates shall be required by the Receiving
Party to comply with the provisions of this Section 6 in the same manner as
the Receiving Party. The Receiving Party shall be liable for any failure ofthe
Receiving Party's Affiliates or the directors, officers, employees, Agents or
contractors of the Receiving Party or the Receiving Party's Affiliates to
comply with the provisions of this Section 6.
6.3 The Receiving Party shall return or destroy all Confidential Information received from
the Disclosing Party, including, without limitation, any copies made by the Receiving
Party, within 30 days after a written request by the Disclosing Party is delivered to the
Receiving Party, except for (a) Confidential Information that the Receiving Party
reasonably requires to perform its obligations under this Agreement and (b) one copy
for archival purposes only.
6.4 Unless otherwise agreed, the obligations of Sections 6.2 and 6.3 do not apply to
information that:
6.4.1 was, at the time of receipt, already in the possession of or known to the
Receiving Party free of any obligation of confidentiality and restriction on
use;
6.4.2 is or becomes publicly available or known through no wrongful act of the
Receiving Party, the Receiving Party's Affiliates, or the directors, officers,
employees, Agents or contractors of the Receiving Party or the Receiving
Party's Affiliates;
6.4.3 is rightfully received from a third person having no direct or indirect
obligation of confidentiality or restriction on use to the Disclosing Party
with respect to such information;
6.4.4 is independently developed by the Receiving Party;
6.4.5 is approved for disclosure or use by written authorization of the
Disclosing Party (including, but not limited to, in this Agreement); or
6.4.6 is required to be disclosed by the Receiving Party pursuant to Applicable
Law, provided that the Receiving Party shall have made commercially
reasonable efforts to give adequate written notice of the requirement to
the Disclosing Party in order to enable the Disclosing Party to seek
protective arrangements.
6.5 Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 6.1 through 6.4, the Receiving Party may
use and disclose Confidential Information received from the Disclosing Party to the
extent necessary to enforce the Receiving Party's rights under this Agreement or
Applicable Law. In making any such disclosure, the Receiving Party shall make
reasonable efforts to preserve the confidentiality and restrict the use of the
Confidential Information while it is in the possession of any person to whom it is
disclosed, including, but not limited to, by requesting any Governmental Authority to
whom the Confidential Information is disclosed to treat it as confidential and restrict
Page 4 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
its use to purposes related to the proceeding pending before it.
6.6 The Disclosing Party shall retain all of the Disclosing Party's right, title and interest in
any Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no license is granted by
this Agreement with respect to any Confidential Information (including, but not
limited to, under any patent, trademark or copyright), nor is any such license to be
implied solely by virtue of the disclosure of Confidential Information.
6.7 The provisions of this Section 6 shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any
provisions of Applicable Law, including, but not limited to, 47 U.S.C. § 222, and are not
intended to constitute a waiver by a Party of any right with regard to the use, or
protection of the confidentiality of, CPNI provided by Applicable Law.
6.8 Each Party has implemented and shall maintain a commercially reasonable written
information security program intended to prevent unauthorized access to or use of
the Party's network and business systems and to protect the security of information
on the Party's network and business systems. A Party shall immediately notify the
other Party if it learns of any situation that may have resulted in the unauthorized
use or disclosure of the other Party's Confidential Information and assist that Party in
investigating, assessing and mitigating the extent and nature of the unauthorized use
or disclosure. the LECs will provide notice to Alaska Communications if the
municipality must divulge information Alaska Communications considers
confidential.
6.9 Each Party represents and warrants that its arrangements with its subcontractors and
interconnecting carriers with respect to transport and delivery of network based
communications are consistent with customary practice and usage in the
telecommunications industry with respect to implementing appropriate safeguards
intended to protect the security and confidentiality ofthe information transmitted
over shared networks, and comply with Applicable Law including, without limitation,
the CPNI requirements under Section 222 of the Act, and the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act, as amended.
6.10 Each Party's obligations under this Section 6 shall extend for a period of ten (10)
years following the date of initial disclosure of that Confidential Information, and
such obligations shall survive expiration, cancellation or termination of this
Agreement.
6.11 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.
6.12 the LECs agrees that, in event it comes into possession of any Alaska Communications
customer data, no such data shall be stored or transmitted, at, in or through, a site
located outside of the United States without the advance written consent of Alaska
Communications. For purposes of this Section 6.12, the term "Alaska Communications
customer data" shall mean: (a) any subscriber information, including, without
limitation, name, address, phone number or other personal information of any Alaska
Communications subscriber; (b) any call-associated data, including, without limitation,
the telephone number, internet address or similar identifying designator associated
with a communication; (c) any billing records; (d) the time, date, size, duration of a
communication or the physical location of equipment used in connection with a
c
Page 5 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
communication; or (e) the content of any Alaska Communications customer
communication.
6.13 It is agreed that a violation of any of the provisions of this Section 6 regarding
unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information will cause irreparable harm and
injury to the disclosing Party and that Party shall be entitled, in addition to any other
rights and remedies it may have at law or in equity, to seek an injunction enjoining
and restraining the receiving Party from doing or continuing to do any such act and
any other violations or threatened violations of this Section 6.
7. Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in 2 or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
8. Default
If either Party ("Defaulting Party") fails to make a payment required by this Agreement
(including, but not limited to, any payment required by Section 5.3 to the billing Party of
amounts not subject to a good faith dispute) or materially breaches any other material
provision of this Agreement, and such failure or breach continues for 30 days after written
notice thereof from the other Party, the other Party may, by written notice to the Defaulting
Party, (a) suspend the provision of any or all Services hereunder or (b) terminate this
Agreement and the provision of all Services hereunder (as set forth in Section 34.5).
9. Discontinuance of Service
9.1 If either Party proposes to discontinue, or actually discontinues, its provision of
service to all or substantially all of its Customers, whether voluntarily, as a result of
bankruptcy, or for any other reason, such Party shall send written notice of such
discontinuance to the other Party. The discontinuing Party shall provide such notice
at least thirty (30} days in advance of discontinuance of its service or, if a longer
period of notice is required by Applicable Law, such longer period in advance of
discontinuance.
9.2 Nothing in this Section 9 shall limit either Party's right to terminate this Agreement or
suspend provision of Services under this Agreement.
10. Dispute Resolution
10.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any dispute between the Parties
regarding the interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement or any of its terms
shall be addressed by good faith negotiation between the Parties. To initiate such
negotiation, a Party shall provide to the other Party written notice of the dispute that
includes both a detailed description of the dispute or alleged nonperformance or
breach, and the name of an individual who will serve as the initiating Party's
representative in the negotiation. The other Party shall have ten (10} Business Days
to designate its own representative in the negotiation. The Parties' representatives
shall meet at least once within forty-five (45} days after the date of the initiating
Party's written notice in an attempt to reach a good faith resolution of the dispute.
Upon agreement which, for the avoidance of any doubt, the Parties in their
respective sole discretion may choose to enter into or not, the Parties'
representatives may utilize other alternative dispute resolution procedures such as
c
Page 6 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
private mediation to assist in the negotiations.
10.2 If the Parties have been unable to resolve the dispute within forty-five (45} days of
the date of the initiating Party's written notice, each Party may pursue any remedies
available to it under this Agreement, at law, in equity, or otherwise.
11. Force Majeure
11.1 Neither Party shall be responsible for any delay or failure in performance that results
from causes beyond its reasonable control ("Force Majeure Events"}, whether or not
foreseeable by such Party. Such Force Majeure Events include, but are not limited to,
adverse weather conditions, floods, fires, explosions, government requirements, acts
of civil or military authorities, earthquakes, volcanic actions, power failures,
embargoes, boycotts, wars, revolutions, civil commotions, acts of public enemies,
labor unrest (including, but not limited to, strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns,
picketing or boycotts), inability to obtain equipment, parts, software or repairs
thereof, acts or omissions of the other Party, and acts of God.
11.2 If a Force Majeure Event occurs, the non-performing Party shall give prompt
notification of its inability to perform to the other Party. During the period that the
non-performing Party is unable to perform, the other Party shall also be excused from
performance of its obligations to the extent such obligations are reciprocal to, or
depend upon, the performance of the non-performing Party that has been prevented
by the Force Majeure Event. The non-performing Party shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to avoid or remove the cause(s} of its non- performance and both
Parties shall proceed to perform once the cause(s) are removed or cease.
11.3 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.
11.4 Nothing in this Agreement shall require the non-performing Party to settle any labor
dispute except as the non-performing Party, in its sole discretion, determines
appropriate.
12. Entire Agreement
This Agreement, which includes without limitation the Glossary, Attachments and any
Appendices and Exhibits hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties on the
subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreement,
understanding or representation on the subject matter hereof.
13. Fraud
13.1 the LECs assumes responsibility for all fraud associated with its Customers and
accounts. Alaska Communications shall bear no responsibility for, and shall have no
obligation to investigate or make adjustments to the LECs' account in cases of, fraud
by (or affecting) the LECs' Customers or other third parties.
13.2 Alaska Communications assumes responsibility for all fraud associated with its
Customers and accounts. the LECs shall bear no responsibility for, and shall have no
obligation to investigate or make adjustments to Alaska Communications' account in
cases of, fraud by (or affecting) Alaska Communications' Customers or other third
parties.
14. Good Faith Performance
Page 7 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
The Parties shall act in good faith in their performance of this Agreement. Except as
otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, where consent,
approval, agreement or a similar action is stated to be within a Party's sole discretion), where
consent, approval, mutual agreement or a similar action is required by any provision of this
Agreement, such action shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
15. Headings
The headings used in the Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and are
not intended to be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of the Agreement.
16. Indemnification
16.1 Each Party ("Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other
Party ("Indemnified Party"), the Indemnified Party's Affiliates, and the directors,
officers and employees of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnified Party's Affiliates,
from and against any and all Claims that arise out of bodily injury to or death of any
person, or damage to, or destruction or Joss of, tangible real and/or personal property
of any person, to the extent such injury, death, damage, destruction or loss was
proximately caused by the grossly negligent or intentionally wrongful acts or
omissions of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party's Affiliates, or the
directors, officers, employees, Agents or contractors (excluding the Indemnified Party)
of the Indemnifying Party or the Indemnifying Party's Affiliates, in connection with this
Agreement.
16.2 Indemnification Process.
16.2.1 As used in this Section 16, "Indemnified Person" means a person whom an
Indemnifying Party is obligated to indemnify, defend and/or hold harmless
under Section 16.1.
16.2.2 An Indemnifying Party's obligations under Section 16.1 shall be
conditioned upon the following (i.e., the remainder of Section 16, below):
16.2.3 The Indemnified Person: (a) shall give the Indemnifying Party written
notice ofthe Claim promptly after becoming aware thereof (including,
without limitation, a statement of facts known to the Indemnified Person
related to the Claim and an estimate of the amount thereof); (b) prior to
taking any material action with respect to a Third Party Claim, shall consult
with the Indemnifying Party as to the procedure to be followed in
defending, settling or compromising the Claim; (c) shall not consent to any
settlement or compromise of a Third Party Claim without the written
consent of the Indemnifying Party; (d) shall permit the Indemnifying Party
to assume the defense of a Third Party Claim (including, without limitation,
except as provided below, the compromise or settlement thereof) at the
Indemnifying Party's own cost and expense, provided, however, that the
Indemnified Person shall have the right to approve the Indemnifying
Party's choice of legal
counsel, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed.
16.2.4 If the Indemnified Person fails to comply with Section 16.2.3 with respect
Page 8 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
to a Claim, to the extent such failure shall have a material adverse effect
upon the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall be relieved of its
obligation to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Indemnified Person
with respect to such Claim under this Agreement.
16.2.5 Subject to Sections 16.2.6 and 16.2.7, the Indemnifying Party shall have the
authority to defend and settle any Third Party Claim.
16.2.6 With respect to any Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Person shall be
entitled to participate with the Indemnifying Party in the defense of the
Third Party Claim if the Third Party Claim requests equitable relief or other
relief that could affect the rights of the Indemnified Person. In so
participating, the Indemnified Person shall be entitled to employ separate
counsel for the defense at the Indemnified Person's expense. The
Indemnified Person shall also be entitled to participate, at its own expense,
in the defense of any Third Party Claim, as to any portion ofthe Third Party
Claim as to which it is not entitled to be indemnified, defended and held
harmless by the Indemnifying Party.
16.2.7 In no event shall the Indemnifying Party settle a Third Party Claim or
consent to any judgment with regard to a Third Party Claim without the
prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. In the event the
settlement or judgment requires a contribution from or affects the rights
of an Indemnified Person, the Indemnified Person shall have the right to
refuse such settlement or judgment with respect to itself and, at its own
cost and expense, take over the defense against the Third Party Claim,
provided that in such event the Indemnifying Party shall not be responsible
for, nor shall it be obligated to indemnify or hold harmless the Indemnified
Person against, the Third Party Claim for any amount in excess of such
refused settlement or judgment.
16.2.8 The Indemnified Person shall, in all cases, assert any and all provisions in
applicable Tariffs and Customer contracts that limit liability to third
persons as a bar to, or limitation on, any recovery by a third person
claimant.
16.2.9 The Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Person shall offer each other
all reasonable cooperation and assistance in the defense of any Third Party
Claim.
16.3 Each Party agrees that it will not implead or bring any action against the other Party,
the other Party's Affiliates, or any of the directors, officers or employees of the other
Party or the other Party's Affiliates, based on any claim by any person for personal
injury or death that occurs in the course or scope of employment of such person by
the other Party or the other Party's Affiliate and that arises out of performance of this
Agreement.
16.4 Each Party's obligations under this Section 16 shall survive expiration, cancellation or
termination of this Agreement.
17. Insurance
Page 9 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
Each Party shall maintain during the term ofthis Agreement and for a period of 2 years
thereafter all insurance required to satisfy its obligations under this Agreement {including, but
not limited to, its obligations set forth in Section 16 hereof) and all insurance required by
Applicable Law. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either Party from self-insuring to the
extent permitted by Applicable Law.
18. Intellectual Property
18.1 Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be construed
as granting a license with respect to any patent, copyright, trade name, trademark,
service mark, trade secret or any other intellectual property, now or hereafter owned,
controlled or licensable by either Party. Except as expressly stated in this Agreement,
neither Party may use any patent, copyrightable materials, trademark, trade name,
trade secret or other intellectual property right, of the other Party except in
accordance with the terms of a separate license agreement between the Parties
granting such rights.
18.2 Except as stated in Section 18.4, neither Party shall have any obligation to defend,
indemnify or hold harmless, or acquire any license or right for the benefit of, or owe
any other obl,igation or have any liability to, the other Party or its Affiliates or
Customers based on or arising from any Third Party Claim alleging or asserting that
the provision or use of any service, facility, arrangement or
software by either Party under this Agreement, or the performance of any service
or method, either alone or in combination with the other Party, constitutes direct,
vicarious or contributory infringement or inducement to infringe, or misuse or
misappropriation of any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other
proprietary or intellectual property right of any Party or third person. Each Party,
however, shall offer to the other reasonable cooperation and assistance in the
defense of any such claim.
18.3 NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES
AGREE THAT NEITHER PARTY HAS MADE, AND THAT THERE DOES NOT EXIST, ANY
WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, THAT THE USE BY EACH PARTY OF THE OTHER'S
SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT GIVE RISE TO A CLAIM OF
INFRINGEMENT, MISUSE OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHT.
18.4 The Parties agree that the Services provided hereunder shall be subject to the terms,
conditions and restrictions contained in any applicable agreements {including, but
not limited to software or other intellectual property license agreements) between a
Party and such Party's vendors. Each Party agrees to advise the other Party, directly
or through a third party, of any such terms, conditions or restrictions that may limit
the other Party's use of a Service that is otherwise permitted by this Agreement.
19. Joint Work Product
This Agreement is the joint work product of the Parties, has been negotiated by the Parties,
and shall be fairly interpreted in accordance with its terms. In the event of any ambiguities,
no inferences shall be drawn against either Party.
20. Law Enforcement
c
Page 10 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
20.1 Each Party may cooperate with law enforcement authorities and national security
authorities to the full extent required or permitted by Applicable Law in matters
related to Services provided by it under this Agreement in order to support law
enforcement and/or national security operations, including, without limitation, with
respect to the installation of wiretaps, trap-and-trace facilities and equipment, and
dialed number recording facilities and equipment.
20.2 A Party shall not have the obligation to inform the other Party or the Customers of
the other Party of actions taken in cooperating with law enforcement or national
security authorities, except to the extent required by Applicable Law.
20.1 Where a law enforcement or national security request relates to the establishment of
lines (including, but not limited to, lines established to support interception of
communications on other lines), or the installation of other services, facilities or
arrangements, a Party may act to prevent the other Party from obtaining access to
information concerning such lines, services, facilities and arrangements, through
operations support system interfaces.
21. Limitation of Liability
21.1 As used in this Section 21, "Service Failure" means a failure to comply with a direction
to install, restore or terminate Services under this Agreement, a failure to provide
Services under this Agreement, and failures, mistakes, omissions, interruptions,
delays, errors, defects or the like, occurring in the course of the provision of any
Services under this Agreement.
21.2 Except as otherwise stated in Section 21.5, the liability, if any, of a Party, a Party's
Affiliates and the directors, officers and employees of a Party and a Party's Affiliates, to
the other Party, the other Party's Customers and to any other person, for Claims arising
out of a Service Failure shall not exceed an amount equal to the pro rata applicable
monthly charge for the Services that are subject to the Service Failure for the period in
which such Service Failure occurs or the sum of one dollar ($1.00), whichever is
greater.
21.3 Except as otherwise stated in Section 21.5, a Party, a Party's Affiliates and the
directors, officers and employees of a Party and a Party's Affiliates shall not be liable
to the other Party, the other Party's Customers or to any other person in connection
with this Agreement (including, but not limited to, in connection with a Service Failure
or any breach, delay or failure in performance, of this Agreement} for special, indirect,
incidental, consequential, reliance, exemplary, punitive or like damages, including,
but not limited to, damages for lost revenues, profits or savings, or other commercial
or economic loss, even if the person whose liability is excluded by this Section has
been advised of the possibility of such damages.
21.4 The limitations and exclusions of liability stated in Sections 21.1 through 21.3 shall
apply regardless of the form of a claim or action, whether statutory, in contract,
warranty, strict liability, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence of a Party} or
otherwise.
21.5 Nothing contained in Sections 21.1 through 21.4 shall exclude or limit liability:
• under Sections 16, Indemnification, or 35, Taxes;
• for any obligation to indemnify, defend and/or hold harmless that a Party may
Page 11 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
have under this Agreement;
• for damages arising out of or resulting from bodily injury to or death of any person,
or damage to, or destruction or loss of, tangible real and/or personal property of
any person, or Toxic or Hazardous Substances, to the extent such damages are
otherwise recoverable under Applicable Law;
• for a claim for infringement of any patent, copyright, trade name, trade mark,
service mark or other intellectual property interest; or
• under Section 258 of the Act.
22. Modification of Agreement
This Agreement may not be modified or waived except by a written document that is signed
by authorized representatives of both Parties.
23. Non-Exclusive Remedies
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each of the remedies provided
under this Agreement is cumulative and is in addition to any other remedies that may be
available under this Agreement or at law or in equity.
24. Notices
24.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, notices given by one Party to the
other Party under this Agreement:
• shall be in writing;
• shall be delivered (a) personally, (b) by express delivery service (by a nationally
recognized firm in this business) with next Business Day delivery, (c) by first class,
certified or registered U.S. mail, postage prepaid; and
• shall be delivered to the following addresses of the Parties:
To the LECS:
Contract Management
ACS of Anchorage, ACS of Fairbanks, ACS of Alaska, ACS of the Northland
600 Telephone Ave,
Anchorage AK 99503
To Alaska Communications:
Contract Management
Alaska Communications Internet, LLC
600 Telephone Ave,
Anchorage AK 99503
• or to such other address as either Party shall designate by proper notice.
• Notices will be deemed given as of the earlier of (a) where there is personal
delivery of the notice, the date of actual receipt, (b) where the notice is sent
via express delivery service for next Business Day delivery, the next Business
Day after the notice is sent, (c) where the notice is sent via First Class U.S. Mail,
three (3) Business Days after mailing, and (d) where notice is sent via certified
or registered U.S. mail, the date of receipt shown on the Postal Service receipt
• Each Party shall notify the other Party, by written notice pursuant to this
Section 24, of any changes in the addresses or other contact information
c
Page 12 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
identified under Section 24.1.3.
25. Point of Contact for Customers
25.1 Each Party shall establish telephone numbers and/or email addresses at which such
Party's Customers may communicate with such Party and shall advise such Party's
Customers of these telephone numbers and/or email addresses.
25.2 Except as otherwise agreed to by a Party, neither Party shall have an obligation, and
may decline, to accept a communication from the other Party's Customer.
26. Publicity and Use of Trademarks or Service Marks
26.1 A Party, its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors
and Agents shall not use the other Party's trademarks, service marks, logos or other
proprietary trade dress, in connection with the sale of products or services, or in any
advertising, press releases, publicity matters or other promotional materials, unless
the other Party has given its written consent for such use, which consent the other
Party may grant or withhold in its sole discretion.
26.2 Neither Party may imply any direct or indirect affiliation with or sponsorship or
endorsement of it or its services or products by the other Party.
26.3 Any violation of this Section 26 shall be considered a material breach of this
Agreement.
27. References
27.1 All references to Sections, Attachments, Appendices and Exhibits shall be deemed to
be references to Sections, Attachments, Appendices and Exhibits of this Agreement
unless the context shall otherwise require.
27.2 Unless the context shall otherwise require, any reference to an agreement, technical
or other document (including, without limitation, Alaska Communications or third
party guides, practices or handbooks), or provision of Applicable Law, is to such
agreement, document or provision of Applicable Law as amended, supplemented
and in effect from time to time (and, in the case of a provision of Applicable Law, to
any successor provision).
28. Relationship of the Parties
28.1 The relationship of the Parties under this Agreement shall be that of independent
contractors and nothing herein shall be construed as creating any other relationship
between the Parties.
28.2 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall make either Party the employee of the
other, create a partnership, joint venture, or other similar relationship between
the Parties, or grant to either Party a franchise, distributorship or similar interest.
28.3 Except for provisions herein expressly authorizing a Party to act for another
Party, nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a Party as a legal representative or
Agent of the other Party, nor shall a Party have the right or authority to assume,
create or incur any liability or any obligation of any kind, express or implied, against,
in the name or on behalf of the other Party unless otherwise expressly permitted by
c
Page 13 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
such other Party in writing, which permission may be granted or withheld by the
other Party in its sole discretion.
28.4 Each Party shall have sole authority and responsibility to hire, fire, compensate,
supervise and otherwise control its employees, Agents and contractors. Each Party
shall be solely responsible for payment of any Social Security or other taxes that it is
required by Applicable Law to pay in conjunction with its employees, Agents and
contractors, and for withholding and remitting to the applicable taxing authorities
any taxes that it is required by Applicable Law to collect from its employees.
28.5 Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no Party undertakes to
perform any obligation of the other Party, whether regulatory or contractual, or to
assume any responsibility for the management of the other Party's business.
28.6 The relationship of the Parties under this Agreement is a non-exclusive relationship.
29. Reservation of Rights
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit or prejudice any position a Party has
taken or may take before the Commission, the FCC, any other state or federal regulatory or
legislative bodies, courts of applicable jurisdiction or industry fora, except that this
reservation of rights shall not be deemed to permit a Party to take any action that wouid
otherwise constitute a breach of one of that Party's obligations under this Agreement. The
provisions of this Section 29 shall survive the expiration, cancellation or termination of this
Agreement.
30. Sections 251/252/271 of the Act
30.1 The Parties agree that this Agreement is subject to Sections 251, 252 or 271 of the
Act, including, without limitation, any requirement to negotiate, mediate or arbitrate
this Agreement pursuant to Section 252 of the Act, or to file this Agreement with any
state utility commission, the FCC or elsewhere. The Parties understand and agree that
this Agreement will be filed with the Commission, and to the extent required by FCC
rules may thereafter be filed with the FCC. Each Party covenants and agrees to fully
support approval of this Agreement by the Commission or the FCC under Section
252(e) of the Act without modification. The Parties, however, reserve the right to seek
regulatory relief and otherwise seck redress from each other regarding performance
and implementation of this Agreement.
30.2 In the event the Commission or FCC rejects this Agreement in whole or in part, the
Parties agree to meet and negotiate in good faith to arrive at a mutually acceptable
modification of the rejected portion(s). The Parties further agree that this Agreement
is subject to change, modification, cancellation or termination as may be required by a
regulatory authority or court in the exercise of its lawful jurisdiction.
31. Subcontractors
A Party may use a contractor of the Party (including, but not limited to, an Affiliate of the
Party) to perform the Party's obligations under this Agreement; provided, that a Party's use of
a contractor shall not release the Party from any duty or liability to fulfill the Party's
obligations under this Agreement.
32. Successors and Assigns
Page 14 of 32 G

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
legal successors and permitted assigns.
33. Survival
The following shall survive the expiration, cancellation or termination of this Agreement: (a)
the rights, liabilities and obligations of a Party for acts or omissions occurring prior to the
expiration, cancellation or termination of this Agreement; (b) the rights, liabilities and
obligations of a Party under any provision of this Agreement regarding confidential
information (including but not limited to, Section 6); (c) the rights, liabilities and obligations of
a Party under any provision of this Agreement regarding indemnification or defense
(including, but not limited to, Section 16); (d) the rights, liabilities and obligations of a Party
under any provision of this Agreement regarding limitation or exclusion of liability (including,
but not limited to, Section 21); (e) the rights, liabilities and obligations of a Party under any
provision ofthis Agreement regarding reservation of rights (including, but not limited to,
Section 29); and (f) the rights, liabilities and obligations of a Party under any provision of this
Agreement which by its terms or nature is intended to continue beyond or to be performed
after the expiration, cancellation or termination of this Agreement.
34. Term and Termination
34.1 This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless cancelled
or terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof, shall continue in effect
until February 1, 2019 (the "Initial Term"). Thereafter, this Agreement shall
automatically renew for successive 1 month periods (each a "Renewal Term") (the
Initial Term and the Renewal Term(s) may collectively be referred to as the "Term")
unless terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
34.2 Either the LECs or Alaska Communications may terminate this Agreement effective as
of the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term by providing written notice of
termination at least 90 days in advance of the date of termination.
34.3 If either the LECs or Alaska Communications provides notice of termination pursuant
to Section 34.2 and on or before the proposed date of termination either the LECs or
Alaska Communications has requested negotiation of a new interconnection and
traffic exchange agreement, unless this Agreement is cancelled or terminated earlier
in accordance with the terms hereof (including, but not limited to, pursuant to Section
8}, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of: (a) the effective date of a
new interconnection and traffic exchange agreement between the LECs and Alaska
Communications; or (b) the date 160 days after the proposed date of termination.
34.4 If either the LECs or Alaska Communications provides notice of termination pursuant
to Section 34.2 and by 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the proposed date of termination
neither the LECs nor Alaska Communications has requested negotiation of a new
interconnection and traffic exchange agreement, (a) this Agreement will terminate at
11:59 PM Eastern Time on the proposed date of termination and (b) the Services
being provided under this Agreement at the time of termination will be terminated.
34.5 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, if either Party is in material breach or
default of this Agreement, and such breach continues for a period of 30 days after
such Party's receipt of written notice thereof from the other Party, then, in addition
to all other rights and remedies at law or in equity or otherwise, the nonbreaching
Page 15 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
Party shall have the right, upon provision of written notice to the breaching Party
consistent with Section 24, to terminate the Agreement without further obligation or
liability to the other Party for said termination.
35. Taxes
35.1 In General. With respect to any purchase of Services under this Agreement, if any
federal, state or local tax, fee, surcharge or other tax-like charge, excluding any tax
levied on property or net income (a "Tax"), is required or permitted by Applicable Law
to be collected from the purchasing Party ("the "Purchasing Party") by the providing
Party (the "Providing Party"), then (a) the Providing Party shall bill the Purchasing Party
for such Tax, as a separately stated item on the invoice, (b) the Purchasing Party shall
timely remit such Tax to the Providing Party and (c) the Providing Party shall timely
remit such collected Tax to the applicable taxing authority as and to the extent
required by Applicable Law.
35.2 Taxes Imposed on the Providing Party on Receipts. With respect to any purchase of
Services under this Agreement, if any federal, state or local Tax is imposed by
Applicable Law on the receipts of the Providing Party, and such Applicable Law
permits the Providing Party to exclude certain receipts received from sales to a public
utility, distributor, telephone company, local exchange carrier, telecommunications
company or other communications company ("Telecommunications Company"), such
exclusion being based on the fact that the Purchasing Party is also subject to a tax
based upon receipts ("Receipts Tax"), then the Purchasing Party shall pay and remit
the Receipts Tax as required by Applicable Law.
35.3 Taxes Imposed on Subscriber. With respect to any purchase of Services under this
Agreement that are resold to a third party, if any federal, state or local Tax is imposed
by Applicable Law on the subscriber, end user, customer or ultimate consumer
("Subscriber") in connection with any such purchase, which a Telecommunications
Company is required to impose and/or collect from a Subscriber, or if any federal,
state or local Tax is imposed on the Providing Party and required by Applicable Law to
be passed through to the Subscriber, then the Purchasing Party (a) shall impose
and/or collect such Tax from the Subscriber and (b) shall timely remit such Tax to the
applicable taxing authority.
35.4 Tax Exemptions and Exemption Certificates. If Applicable Law clearly exempts a
purchase hereunder from a Tax, and if such Applicable Law also provides an
exemption procedure, such as an exemption certificate requirement, then, if the
Purchasing Party complies with such procedure, the Providing Party shall not collect
such Tax during the effective period of such exemption. Such exemption shall be
effective upon receipt of the exemption certificate or affidavit in accordance with the
terms set forth in Section 35.7. If Applicable Law clearly exempts a purchase
hereunder from a Tax, but does not also provide an exemption procedure, then the
Providing Party shall not collect such Tax if the Purchasing Party (a) furnishes the
Providing Party with a letter signed by an officer requesting such an exemption and
citing the provision in the Applicable Law which clearly allows such exemption and (b)
supplies the Providing Party with an indemnification agreement, acceptable to the
Providing Party, which
holds the Providing Party harmless on an after-tax basis with respect to its forbearing
Page 16 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
to collect such Tax.
35.5 Liability for Uncollected Tax, Interest and Penalty.
• If the Providing Party has not received an exemption certificate from the Purchasing
Party and the Providing Party fails to bill the Purchasing Party for any Tax as required
by Section 35.1, then, as between the Providing Party and the Purchasing Party, (a)
the Purchasing Party shalf remain liable for such unbilled Tax and any interest
assessed thereon and (b) the Providing Party shalf be liable for any penalty assessed
with respect to such unbilfed Tax by a taxing authority. If the Providing Party properly
bills the Purchasing Party for any Tax but the Purchasing Party fails to remit such Tax
to the Providing Party as required by Section 35.2, then, as between the Providing
Party and the Purchasing Party, the Purchasing Party shalf be liable for such
uncollected Tax and any interest assessed thereon, as well as any penalty assessed
with respect to such uncollected Tax by the applicable taxing authority.
• If the Providing Party does not collect any Tax as required by Section 35.1 because the
Purchasing Party has provided such Providing Party with an exemption certificate that
is later found to be inadequate, invalid or inapplicable by a taxing authority, then, as
between the Providing Party and the Purchasing Party, the Purchasing Party shall be
liable for such uncollected Tax and any interest assessed thereon, as well as any
penalty assessed with respect to such uncollected Tax by the applicable taxing
authority.
• If the Purchasing Party fails to pay the Receipts Tax as required by Section 35.1, then,
as between the Providing Party and the Purchasing Party, (a) the Providing Party shall
be liable for any Tax imposed on its receipts and (b) the Purchasing Party shalf be
liable for any interest assessed thereon and any penalty assessed upon the Providing
Party with respect to such Tax by the applicable taxing authority.
• If the Purchasing Party fails to impose and/or collect any Tax from Subscribers as
required by Section 35.3, then, as between the Providing Party and the Purchasing
Party, the Purchasing Party shalf remain liable for such uncollected Tax and any
interest assessed thereon, as well as any penalty assessed with respect to such
uncollected Tax by the applicable taxing authority. With respect to any Tax that the
Purchasing Party has agreed to pay, or is required to impose on and/or collect from
Subscribers, the Purchasing Party agrees to indemnify and hold the Providing Party
harmless on an after-tax basis for any costs incurred by the Providing Party as a
result of actions taken by the applicable taxing authority to recover the Tax from the
Providing Party due to the failure of the Purchasing Party to timely pay, or collect and
timely remit, such Tax to such authority.
35.6 Audit Cooperation. In the event either Party is audited by a taxing authority, the other
Party agrees to cooperate fully with the Party being audited in order to respond to any
audit inquiries in a proper and timely manner so that the audit and/or any resulting
controversy may be resolved expeditiously.
35.7 Notices. All notices, affidavits, exemption certificates or other communications
required or permitted to be given by either Party to the other, for purposes of this
Section 35, shall be made in writing and shall be delivered in person or sent by
certified mail, return receipt requested, or registered mail, or a courier service
providing proof of service, and sent to the addressees set forth in Section 24 as well as
to the following by one or more of the delivery methods set forth in Section 24:
Page 17 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
To the LECS:
Contract Management
ACS of Anchorage, ACS of Fairbanks, ACS of Alaska, ACS of the Northland
600 Telephone Ave,
Anchorage AK 99503
To Alaska Communications:
Contract Management
Alaska Communications Internet, LLC
600 Telephone Ave,
Anchorage AK 99503
Each Party may from time to time designate another address or other addressees by
giving notice in accordance with the terms of this Section. Any notice or other
communication shall be deemed to be given when received.
36. Technology Upgrades
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Alaska Communications shall have
the right to deploy, upgrade, migrate and maintain its network at its sole discretion. Nothing
in this Agreement shall limit Alaska Communications' ability to modify its network through
the incorporation of new equipment or software or otherwise.
37. Third Party Beneficiaries
Except as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement is for the sole benefit
of the Parties and their permitted assigns, and nothing herein shall create or be construed to
provide any third persons (including, but not limited to, Customers or contractors of a Party)
with any rights (including, but not limited to, any third-party beneficiary rights) hereunder.
Except as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement, a Party shall have no liability under
this Agreement to the Customers of the other Party or to any other third person.
38. Use of Service
Each Party shall make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its Customers comply
with the provisions ofthis Agreement applicable to the use of Services purchased by it under
this Agreement.
39. Waiver
A failure or delay of either Party to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement, or any
right or remedy available under this Agreement or at law or in equity, or to require
performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement, or to exercise any option that is
provided under this Agreement, shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such
provisions, rights, remedies or options.
40. Warranties
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES OR RECEIVES
ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES PROVIDED, OR TO BE
PROVIDED, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY OTHER WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, WARRANTIES OF
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, AND
Page 18 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
WARRANTIES ARISING BY TRADE CUSTOM, TRADE USAGE, COURSE OF DEALING OR
PERFORMANCE, OR OTHERWISE.
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
SIGNATURE PAGE
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the
Effective Date.
THE LECS
ACS of Alaska, LLC,
ACS of the Northland, LLC,
ACS of Anchorage, LLC, and
ACS of Fairbanks, LLC
--J&.-=---~--'--LP--- -----
---'-k--='t_._/'l.A_L-
By:
Name:
Title:
Page 19 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
GLOSSARY:
1. General Rule
1.1 Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, when a term listed in this Glossary is
used in the Agreement, the term shall have the meaning stated in this Glossary. A
defined term intended to convey the meaning stated in this Glossary is capitalized
when used. Other terms that are capitalized, and not defined in this Glossary or
elsewhere in the Agreement, shall have the meaning stated in the Act. Additional
definitions that are specific to the matters covered in a particular provision ofthe
Agreement may appear in that provision. To the extent that there may be any conflict
between a definition set forth in this Glossary and any definition in a specific
provision, the definition set forth in the specific provision shall control with respect to
that provision.
1.2 Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, any term defined in this Glossary that
is defined or used in the singular shall include the plural, and any term defined in this
Glossary that is defined or used in the plural shall include the singular.
1.3 The words "shall" and "will" are used interchangeably throughout the Agreement and
the use of either indicates a mandatory requirement. The use of one or the other shall
not confer a different degree of right or obligation for either Party.
2. Definitions
2.1 Act.
The Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. §151 et seq.), as from time to time
amended (including, but not limited to, by the Telecommunications Act of 1996).
2.2 Affiliate.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.3 Agent.
An agent or servant.
2.4 Applicable Law.
All effective laws, government regulations and government orders applicable to each
Party's performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
2.5 ATIS.
The Alliance for Telecommunications Industry Solutions.
2.6 Bill-and-Keep Arrangement.
Shall have the meaning as set forth in FCC Rule 51.713,47 C.F.R. § 51.713.
2.7 Business Day.
Monday through Friday, except for holidays observed by Alaska Communications.
2.8 Calendar Quarter.
Page 20 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
January through March, April through June, July through September, or October
through December.
2.9 Calendar Year.
January through December.
2.10 Central Office Switch.
A switch used to provide Telecommunications Services, including, but not limited to:
End Office Switch. A switch in which the subscriber station loops are
terminated for connection to either lines or trunks. The subscriber receives
terminating, switching, signaling, transmission and related functions for a
defined geographic area by means of an End Office Switch.
Tandem Office Switch. A switching system that establishes trunk-to-trunk
connections between End Office Switches and between Telecommunications
Carriers.
2.11 Claims.
Any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, settlements, judgments, fines, penalties,
liabilities, injuries, damages, losses, costs (including, but not limited to, court costs)
and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney's fees).
2.12 CLEC (Competitive Local Exchange Carrier).
A Local Exchange Carrier that is not an Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier.
2.13 Commission.
The state government agency, commission, department, board or other entity that has
competent jurisdiction over applicable Telecommunications Services provided within
Alaska.
2.14 CPN (Calling Party Number).
A signaling parameter that identifies the calling party's ten (10) digit telephone
number.
2.15 CPNI (Customer Proprietary Network Information).
Shall have the meaning set forth in Section 222 of the Act, 47 U.S.C. § 222.
2.16 CTN (Called Telephone Number).
A ten-digit number in NANP format dialed by a calling party.
2.17 Customer.
A third party residence or business end user subscriber to voice Telecommunication
Service or Voice over Internet Protocol services provided by either of the Parties. The
term Customer includes a person that uses a Party's network to originate and/or
terminate Voice Calls on a roaming, resale or lease basis.
2.18 Direct Interconnection Facilities.
Transport facilities, if any, deployed by each Party to interconnect the Parties'
respective networks at the POls and used to exchange Voice Calls between their
Page 21 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
respective Customers.
2.19 End Office Access Service.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the FCC Regulations.
2.20 FCC.
The Federal Communications Commission.
2.21 FCC Regulations.
The unstayed, effective regulations promulgated by the FCC, as amended from time
to time.
2.22 Governmental Authority
Any transnational, domestic or foreign federal, state or local governmental, regulatory
or administrative authority, department, court, agency, commission or official,
including, without limitation, any political subdivision thereof.
2.23 ICC Order.
In the Matter of Connect America Fund, eta/., 10-90, eta/., FCC 11-161 (rei.
Nov. 18, 2011), as modified by the Order On Reconsideration in the same docket
(rei. Dec. 23, 2011), as modified and in effect from time to time.
2.24 ILEC (Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier).
Shall have the meaning stated in the Act.
2.25 Indirect Interconnection Facilities.
The facilities, if any, used by the Parties to connect their respective networks to a
third party Tandem Office Switch to exchange Voice Calls.
2.26 Interconnection Facilities.
Direct Interconnection Facilities and/or Indirect Interconnection Facilities under this
Agreement.
2.27 Interconnected VoiP Service or IP Enabled Service Provider (IPES)
As defined in Section 9.3 "Definitions" of FCC rules, Alaska Communications is an
Interconnected VoiP Service Provider.
2.28 lnterMTA Voice Call.
A Voice Call that that originates on Alaska Communications' network and terminates
on the the LECs' network that, at the beginning of the call, originates in one Major
Trading Area ("MTA"), as defined by the FCC, and terminates in a different MTA. The
originating point for Alaska Communications is the cell site serving the Customer at
the beginning of the call, and the terminating point for the LECs is the location of the
End Office Switch serving the the LECs' Customer.
2.29 lntraMTA Voice Call.
A Voice Call that originates on one Party's network and terminates on the other
Party's network that, at the beginning of the call, originates and terminates in the
Page 22 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
same Major Trading Area ("MTA"), as defined by the FCC. The originating or
terminating point for Alaska Communications is the cell site serving the Customer at
the beginning of the call, and the originating or terminating point for the LECs is the
location of the End Office Switch serving the the LECs' Customer.
2.30 LEG (Local Exchange Carrier).
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.31 LERG (Local Exchange Routing Guide).
A Telcordia Technologies reference containing NXX Code and LRN
assignments.
2.32 LNP Call Routing Database.
A public database that service providers can query to determine the LRN for a specific
Called Telephone Number (CTN).
2.33 LRN (Location Routing Number).
A ten-digit number in the format of the NANP that uniquely identifies the switch
associated with a Called Telephone Number (CTN) that has been ported. The LRN for
a ported CTN can be obtained by querying the LNP Call Routing Database. The LRN
can be cross-referenced in the LERG to identify the service provider for a specific CTN.
2.34 MOUs (Minutes of Use).
The elapsed minutes in full second increments (without rounding) beginning when a
Voice Call is answered by the called party and ending when that Voice Call is
terminated by the calling and/or called party.
2.35 NANP (North American Numbering Plan).
The system of telephone numbering employed in the United States, Canada,
Bermuda, Puerto Rico and certain Caribbean islands. The NANP format is a 10-digit
telephone number that consists of a three-digit NPA Code (commonly referred to as
the area code), followed by a three-digit NXX Code and four-digit
line number.
2.36 NPA (Numbering Plan Area).
Also sometimes referred to as an area code, is the first three-digit sequence of each
10-digit telephone number within the NANP (i.e., NPA-NXX-XXXX). There are 2 general
categories of NPA, "Geographic NPAs" and "Non-Geographic NPAs". A Geographic
NPA is associated with a defined geographic area, and all telephone numbers bearing
such NPA are associated with services provided within that geographic area, subject
to local number porting (LNP) variations. A Non-Geographic NPA, also known as a
"Service Access Code" or "SAC Code" is typically associated with a specialized
Telecommunications Service that may be provided across multiple geographic NPA
areas. 500, 700, 800, 888 and 900 are examples of Non-Geographic NPAs.
2.37 NXX Code.
The second three-digit sequence of each 10-digit telephone number within the
Page 23 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
NANP (i.e., NPA-NXX-XXXX).
2.38 Order.
An order or application to provide, change or terminate a Service (including, but not
limited to, a commitment to purchase a stated number or minimum number of lines
or other Services for a stated period or minimum period of time).
2.39 PO/ (Point of Interconnection).
The physical location where the Parties' respective Interconnection Facilities physically
interconnect for the purpose of exchanging Voice Calls under this Agreement.
2.40 Rate Center.
The geographic area to which a particular NXX Code has been assigned under the
Central Office Code (NXX) Assignment Guidelines issued by AT IS, as revised from time
to time.
2.41 Reciprocal Compensation.
The arrangement for recovering, in accordance with Section 251(b)(S) of the Act, the
ICC Order, and applicable FCC Regulations, costs incurred for the transport and
termination of lntraMTA Voice Calls.
2.42 Service.
Any interconnection arrangement, Telecommunications Service, or other service,
facility or arrangement, offered by a Party under this Agreement.
2.43 Telcordia Technologies.
Telcordia Technologies, Inc., a Subsidiary of Telefonaktiebo/aget LM Ericsson and
formerly known as Bell Communications Research, Inc. (Bellcore).
2.44 Telecommunications Service.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.45 Third Party Claim.
A Claim where there is (a) a claim, demand, suit or action by a person who is not a
Party, (b) a settlement with, judgment by, or liability to, a person who is not a Party
or (c) a fine or penalty imposed by a person who is not a Party.
2.46 Toxic or Hazardous Substance.
Any substance designated or defined as toxic or hazardous under any "Environmental
Law" or that poses a risk to human health or safety, or the environment, and products
and materials containing such substance. "Environmental Laws" means the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, the
Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, the Water Pollution Control
Act, the Air Pollution Control Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and all other
Federal, State or local laws or governmental regulations or requirements that are
similar to the above- referenced laws or that otherwise govern releases, chemicals,
products,
Page 24 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
materials or wastes that may pose risks to human health or safety, or the
environment, or that relate to the protection of wetlands or other natural resources.
2.47 United States.
The United States of America including all of its States, districts, territories,
possessions, commonwealths, and the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of
the United States.
2.48 Voice Call.
A two-way voice communication originated by a Customer of one Party and
terminated to the Customer of the other Party, where the CTN is assigned to or
associated with the terminating Party's Customer.
Page 25 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE ATTACHMENT
1. General
The Parties desire to interconnect their networks to exchange Voice Calls. The Parties shall
use Indirect Interconnection and may, by mutual agreement, use Direct Interconnection to
exchange Voice Calls. In the event of emergency or equipment failure, the Parties may
exchange Voice Calls by using alternative methods that are not provided for in this
Agreement. The Parties shall develop and mutually agree upon a Disaster Recovery Plan.
2. Indirect Interconnection
2.1 Alaska Communications and the LECs may interconnect their respective networks via
one or more third party Tandem Office Switches serving the State of Alaska.
2.2 For Voice Calls exchanged by Indirect Interconnection, the Party originating the Voice
Call shall be responsible for charges assessed by the third party Tandem Office Switch
provider for delivering such Voice Calls to the terminating Party.
2.3 Each Party is responsible for the ordering, provisioning and maintenance of its
respective Indirect Interconnection Facilities with each third party Tandem Office
Switch provider.
3. Direct Interconnection
3.1 Alaska Communications may request that the Parties establish Direct Interconnection
by deploying 1 or more two-way facilities directly connecting Alaska Communications
IP Enabled Switch to the LECs' End Office Switch.
3.2 Upon receiving a request for Direct Interconnection Facilities pursuant to Section
3.1, the Parties shall work cooperatively to develop the specifications for and to
deploy such Direct Interconnection Facilities. All Direct Interconnection Facilities shall
be via VoiP SIP Trunks or TDM Facilities at a DS11evel, multiple DS11evel, DS3 level, or
such other level as the Parties mutually agree. All Direct Interconnection Facilities
shall carry Voice Calls in both directions and shall conform to industry standards as
revised from time to time.
3.3 In establishing Direct Interconnection of their networks pursuant to this Attachment,
the Parties' shall use, as appropriate, the following separate and distinct trunk groups:
3.3.1 Type 2B Interconnection Trunks for the transmission and routing of
lntraMTA Voice Calls and lnterMTA Voice Calls between a Alaska
Communications IP Enabled Switch and a the LECs End Office Switch. Type
2B arrangements and variations are in accordance with this Attachment
and Telcordia Technologies Technical Reference GR-145-Core, Issue 2, May
1998, as in effect from time to time (or any successor thereto). In the event
of a conflict between GR-145-Core and requirements of this Agreement,
this Agreement shall govern.
3.4 The Parties shall agree on the POl for each Direct Interconnection Facility. Each Party
shall be responsible for all costs incurred on its respective side of the POl, including,
without limitation, all costs of constructing and maintaining Direct Interconnection
Facilities and all costs associated with the management and administration of Direct
Interconnection Facilities.
Page 26 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
3.5 The originating Party shall query the lNP Call Routing Database before delivering a
Voice Call over Direct Interconnection facilities. Based on the information returned
from such query for a Voice Call (e.g., lRN), each Party shall deliver over the Direct
Interconnection Facilities only those Voice Calls that are destined for the terminating
Party's Customers (e.g., Voice Calls for which the lRN is assigned to the terminating
Party). Each Party shall bear any and all
costs associated with lNP queries and associated routing of its originating Voice
Calls under this Agreement.
3.6 Each Party shall have access to its Direct Interconnection Facilities at each POl
at all times (i.e., 24 hours per day, seven days per week, and 365 days per year). ·
3.7 All Direct Interconnection Facilities shall be engineered to a P.01 grade of service.
4. Traffic Exchange.
4.1 Each Party agrees to query the lNP Call Routing Database on each of its originated
Voice Calls and to route a Voice Call over the Direct Interconnection Facilities only to
the extent the lRN returned from such query, if any, belongs to the other Party or if
no lRN is returned, the dialed number belongs to a Customer of the other Party. Each
Party shall bear any and all costs associated with lNP queries and associated routing
of its originating Voice Calls under this Agreement.
4.2 The Parties agree to route lntraMTA Voice Calls in accordance with the lERG.
4.3 The Parties shall provide each other with dialing parity in accordance with
Applicable law.
4.4 the lECs shall classify Voice Calls as local or toll based solely upon the Rate Center
associated with the NXX Code of the dialed CTN. For the avoidance of any doubt, the
lECs shall not rate a Voice Call from a particular Customer as a toll call unless it would
rate as a toll call any other call from that same Customer to a third party's customer
with a CTN associated with the same Rate Center as the Voice Call.
4.5 Each Party is solely responsible for the services it provides to its Customers.
4.6 Each Party is responsible for managing its assigned NXX Codes and thousand blocks
within NXX Codes.
4.7 Each Party shall use the lERG or its successor to obtain routing information and shall
provide to the lERG publisher in a timely manner all information required to maintain
the accuracy of the lERG for routing traffic to such Party.
4.8 Neither Party shall route 911/E911 traffic to the other Party. Each Party shall be
responsible for delivering its Customers' 911/E911 calls to the 911/E911 service
provider.
5. Signaling for Traffic Exchange
5.1 For traffic exchanged under this Agreement, the Parties agree to transmit signaling
information in accordance with Applicable law and industry standards as revised
from time to time.
5.2 The Parties agree to use Signaling System 7 ("SST') for exchanging Voice Calls and
Page 27 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
other traffic under this Agreement. Where mutually agreed in writing, the
Parties shall directly interconnect their networks for exchanging SS7 Signaling
Messages. Either Party may obtain SS7 trunks and connectivity from a third- party
provider of SS7 trunks for exchanging SS7 Signaling Messages, provided such
connections meet generally accepted industry standards as revised from time to time.
Each Party shall be financially responsible for its own SS7
Signaling Messages. Neither Party shall bill the other Party for SS7 Signaling
Messages.
5.3 Where technically feasible, the SS7 Signaling Message for a Voice Call shall meet
industry standards as revised from time to time.
5.3.1 Called Telephone Number (CTN). For all Voice Calls and except as otherwise
required by Applicable Law, the originating Party shall deliver SS? Signaling
Messages to the terminating Party that include, without limitation, the
CTN.
5.3.2 Calling Party Number (CPN). For all Voice Calls and except as otherwise
required by Applicable Law, the originating Party shall deliver 557 Signaling
Messages to the terminating Party that include, without limitation, CPN
used by the Customer to originate the Voice Call.
5.3.3 Privacy Indicators.
5.3.3.1 Except as otherwise required by Applicable Law, each Party shall
offer its Customers the ability to activate a privacy indicator that
will suppress the display ofthe Customer's CPN on the called
party's device.
5.3.3.2 For all Voice Calls where the calling party has activated the
privacy indicator, the originating Party shall deliver the privacy
indicator in the SS? Signaling Messages along with the calling
party's CPN. For the avoidance of any doubt,
the originating Party shall not suppress CPN on Voice Calls where
the calling party has requested privacy.
5.3.3.3 For all Voice Calls where the terminating Party has received a
privacy indicator from the originating Party that prohibits
delivery of the CPN to the terminating Party's Customer, the
terminating Party shall not deliver the calling party's CPN to the
called party and may instead deliver a privacy message (e.g.,
"anonymous call", "private").
5.3.4 Integrity of SS7 Signaling Messages. The Parties shall cooperate fully and
shall use commercially reasonable efforts in investigating any issues
relating to the processing or delivery of SS7 Signaling Messages.
6. Traffic Monitoring
6.1 Each Party shall monitor volumes of Voice Calls (i.e., MOUs) exchanged under this
Agreement. Upon reasonable request, the Parties shall exchange such traffic volume
Page 28 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
data.
6.2 The Parties shall meet (telephonically or in person) from time to time, as needed, to
review data on Voice Call traffic volumes to determine the need for additional Indirect
or Direct Interconnection Facilities or bandwidth and to plan any necessary changes in
such Interconnection Facilities.
6.3 When either Party detects that the other Party is generating Voice Call traffic or Voice
Call attempts with duplicate, or repeated, CTNs dialed in succession and/or
abnormally short duration Voice Calls, such Party may give written notice to the other
Party and both Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve such issue
in an expeditious manner. Each Party reserves the right to take action to protect the
integrity of its network.
6.4 Except as otherwise required by Applicable Law, neither Party shall monitor the
contents or subject matter of any Voice Calls exchanged under this Agreement with the
exception of Voice Calls and test calls used for operational and engineering needs
(including, but not limited to, performance, support, security, abuse and privacy
needs).
7. Network Management.
7.1 The Parties shall work cooperatively in a commercially reasonable manner to install
and maintain reliable Interconnection Facilities and networks.
7.2 Each Party shall maintain a professionally managed Network Operations Center (NOC)
with continuous staffing (i.e., 24 hours per day, seven days per week and 365 days per
year). The Parties shall provide and timely update their respective NOC contact
information, trouble reporting process and escalation procedures.
7.3 The Parties shall work cooperatively in a commercially reasonable manner to apply
sound network management principles to alleviate and prevent Voice Call traffic
congestion. Nothing in this Agreement limits or restricts the ability or rights of each
Party to impose usage restrictions or controls on its own Customers or third parties and
to assist its Customers in imposing Customer-requested usage restrictions or controls
on Voice Call traffic exchanged under this Agreement.
7.4 Each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to secure its Voice Calls from
unauthorized access, transmission or use. The Parties shall work cooperatively to
address security issues and develop security procedures consistent with generally
accepted communications industry standards as revised from time to time.
7.5 Each Party represents and warrants that its communications services, including,
without limitation, any Party-provided software, are "GALEA Compliant" under the
provisions of the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (Pub. L. 103-
414, Title 1, October 25, 1994, 108 Stat. 4279, as amended), as well as any regulations
or industry standards that implement the provisions of GALEA. The Parties shall provide
and update their respective contact information for compliance with requirements of
law enforcement and national security agencies.
7.6 If a Party contemplates a change in its network that it believes will materially affect the
Page 29 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
inter-operability of its network with the other Party's network, the Party making the
change shall provide at least 90 days' advance written notice of such change to the
other Party, provided, however, that this provision shall not apply to network changes
necessitated by emergencies or other circumstances outside the control of the Party
modifying its network.
7.7 Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit Alaska Communications from enlarging its
network through management contracts with third parties for the construction and
operation of a mobile network under the Alaska Communications brand name and
license. Traffic traversing such extended networks shall be deemed to be and treated
under this Agreement as the originating Party's traffic when it originates on such
extended network and as the terminating Party's traffic when it terminates on such
extended network. Traffic traversing on such extended networks shall be subject to the
terms, conditions and rates of this Agreement.
7.8 Interference and Impairment. Each of the Parties recognizes a responsibility to follow
industry standards as revised from time to time, and to employ characteristics and
methods of operation that will not interfere with or impair the service, network or
facilities of the other Party or any third parties connected with or involved directly in
the network or facilities of the other Party. If a Party ("Impaired Party") reasonably
determines that the Voice Calls, services, network, facilities, or methods of operation
of the other Party ("Interfering Party") will or are likely to interfere with or impair the
Impaired Party's provision of Voice Calls, services or the operation of the Impaired
Party's network or facilities, the Impaired Party may interrupt or suspend the
Interconnection Facilities and/or the exchange of Voice Calls with the Interfering Party
to the extent necessary to prevent such interference or impairment, subject to the
following: 7.8.1 The Impaired Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
contact the Interfering Party's NOC with a trouble report describing the interruption or
suspension immediately after taking such action; 7.8.2 Except in emergency situations
(e.g., situations involving a risk of bodily injury to persons or damage to tangible
property, or an interruption in Customer service) or as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, the Impaired Party shall give the Interfering Party at least ten {10) Business
Days' prior written notice of the interference or impairment or potential interference
or impairment and the need to correct the condition within ten (10) Business Days; and
7 .8.3 Upon correction of the interference or impairment, the Impaired Party shall
promptly restore the interrupted or suspended exchange of Voice Calls. The
Impaired Party shall not be obligated to provide an out of service credit
allowance or other compensation to the Interfering Party in connection with
suspending the exchange of Voice Calls.
8. Number Resources and Rate Center Areas
8.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or otherwise adversely affect in
any manner either Party's right to employ or to request and be assigned any NXX
Codes pursuant to the Central Office Code Assignment Guidelines published by AT IS
and any relevant FCC or Commission orders, as may be amended from time to time, or
to assign NXX Codes to specific Rate Centers.
Page 30 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
8.2 It shall be the responsibility of the Party obtaining a new NXX Code or LRN to timely
update the LERG. It shall be the other Party's responsibility to program and update its
own switches and network systems pursuant to information provided in the LERG, as
revised from time to time, in order to recognize and rate traffic to the other Party's
assigned NXX Codes. Except as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither
Party shall impose any fees or charges whatsoever on the other Party for such
activities.
8.3 Nothing in this Agreement constrains either Party's ability to establish the size of local
calling area(s) or service plans for its respective Customers.
9. Local Number Portability (LNP)
9.1 The Parties shall provide Local Number Portability (LNP) in accordance with rules and
regulations as from time to time prescribed by the FCC or the Commission.
9.2 [Reserved]
9.3 The Parties shall follow the applicable LNP provisioning processes recommended by
the North American Numbering Council (NANG) and the Industry Numbering Council
(INC), and adopted by the FCC or the Commission. In addition, the Parties agree to
follow the applicable LNP ordering procedures established by industry standards
bodies. The Parties shall provide LNP on a reciprocal basis.
9.4 Each Party shall submit Orders to port telephone numbers from the other Party by
using the other Party's established LNP ordering processes, business rules and
guidelines, as revised from time to time.
10. INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
11. Traffic Measurement and Billing
11.1 Each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to implement capabilities to
measure MOUs transited and terminated over Interconnection Facilities under this
Agreement and to determine the jurisdiction of such MOUs (e.g., Local, lntraMTA,
interstate, intrastate). If a Party has not deployed such measurement capability, such
Party may instead use commercially reasonable and mutually agreed techniques to
estimate MOUs and their associated jurisdiction. Nothing in this Agreement shall
require either Party to provide call detail billing records to any third party.
11.2 Each Party reserves the right to audit all Voice Call traffic exchanged over
Interconnection Facilities, up to a maximum of two {2) audits per Calendar Year, to
ensure compliance with this Agreement; provided, however, that either Party shall
have the right to conduct additional audit(s) if the preceding audit disclosed material
breaches, errors or discrepancies. Each Party agrees to provide the necessary Voice
Call traffic data in conjunction with any such audit in a timely manner.
11.3 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit either Party's ability to
designate the areas within which that Party's Customers may make telephone calls
which that Party rates as "local" in its agreements with its Customers. Nothing in this
Agreement shall prohibit either Party from enlarging the geographic scope of its
network through acquisitions or through management contracts with third parties for
the construction and operation of a system. Voice Calls originating on a Party's
c
Page 31 of 32

INTERCONNECTION AND TRAFFIC EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
Alaska Communications
February 2019
extended networks shall be deemed to be that Party's originating Voice Calls under
this Agreement and subject to the rates, terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Voice Calls terminating on a Party's extended network shall be deemed to be that
Party's terminating Voice Calls and subject to the rates, terms and conditions ofthis
Agreement.
11.4 Both Parties shall make commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and deliver
electronic invoices, if any, under this Agreement.
12. Compensation Arrangements
12.1 The Parties acknowledge that the FCC, pursuant the ICC Order, adopted a Bill- and
Keep Arrangement as the default compensation for lntraMTA Voice Calls exchanged
on and after July 1, 2012 between providers. Pursuant to the ICC Order, for Voice
Calls exchanged between the Parties on and after July 1, 2012, the Reciprocal
Compensation rate that shall apply pursuant to Section 251(b)(S) of the Act for the
transport and termination of such traffic shall be $0.00 per minute of use (Bill-and
Keep Arrangement) so long as the ICC Order is effective and unstayed, or such other
rate, if any, set by a subsequent effective and unstayed order, if any, ofthe FCC or a
court of competent jurisdiction.
12.2 The Reciprocal Compensation rate provided for in Section 12.1 shall apply to the
Parties in an equal and symmetrical manner.
12.3 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
12.4 the LECs' lnterMTA Voice Call rate shall be the LECs' tariffed End Office Access Service
rate, provided such tariff rate is effective and lawful. Alaska Communications shall
compensate the LECs for all Alaska Communications-originated lnterMTA Voice Calls
only to the extent that such calls are not handed off to an interexchange carrier for
delivery to the LECs and such compensation shall be at the LECs' applicable access
tariff rates. Recognizing that the LECs is not able to measure lnterMTA Voice Calls,
both Parties agree that lnterMTA Voice Calls are negligible and that there shail be no
payment or compensation between the Parties for lnterMTA Voice Calls. Such
arrangements for lnterMTA Voice Calls shall remain in effect until the Parties' execute
a written amendment that: (i) establishes an lnterMTA Factor based on current traffic
study data; or (ii) institutes billing for lnterMTA Voice Calls based on actual recorded
usage that is available and verifiable by both Parties.
Page 32 of 32