PUBLIC VERSION
Glenn S. Richards
tel: +1.202.663.8215
glenn.richards@pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2021
VIA ECFS AND EMAIL REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT
Marlene H. Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
9050 Junction Drive
Annapolis Junction, MD 20701
Re: Supplement to the Application of ENA Services, LLC for
Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources and Request for
Confidential Treatment, WC Docket No. 21-1
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the FCC’s Rules,1 ENA Services, LLC
(“ENA” or “Applicant”) respectfully submits the attached supplement to its application
for authorization to obtain numbering resources (the “Supplement”).2
Because this filing contains confidential information, a public version of the
Supplement is being filed electronically via the FCC’s Electronic Comment Filing
System (“ECFS”) and a confidential version has been provided to FCC staff via email
pursuant to staff instructions. Pursuant to Sections 552(b)(4) and 552(b)(7) of the
Freedom of Information Act3 (“FOIA”) and Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the FCC’s
Rules,4 ENA respectfully requests that the FCC withhold from public inspection, and
grant confidential treatment to, the Fourth Addendum to Master Service Agreement, by
and between ENA and its Carrier Partner, dated April 30, 2014 (“Fourth Addendum”),
attached to the Supplement as the Exhibit. The Fourth Addendum contains proprietary
and confidential information that ENA does not make available for public inspection,
1
47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i).
2
See Application of ENA Services, LLC for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources, WC
Docket No. 21-1 (filed Dec. 17, 2020).
3
5 U.S.C. §§ 552(b)(4), 552(b)(7).
4
47 C.F.R. §§ 0.457, 0.459.

PUBLIC VERSION
Page 2
and thus should be withheld from public inspection under the FCC’s Rules and FOIA
Exemption 4 (protecting from disclosure “trade secrets and commercial or financial
information”).5
In accordance with Section 0.459 of the FCC’s Rules, ENA supports its request
as follows:
(1) Identification of the specific information for which confidential treatment
is sought:
Applicant seeks confidential treatment for the Fourth Addendum, attached to
the Supplement as the Exhibit.
(2) Identification of the Commission proceeding in which the information was
submitted or a description of the circumstances giving rise to the
submission:
ENA is submitting the Fourth Addendum in connection with the Supplement
upon request from Wireline Competition Bureau staff and as further proof of ENA’s
facilities readiness, as required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the FCC’s Rules.
(3) Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or
financial, or contains a trade secret or is privileged:
The Fourth Addendum contains propriety commercial information, including
pricing information and the parties’ obligations. Negotiations behind the Fourth
Addendum were conducted on a confidential and proprietary basis, and the terms of the
Fourth Addendum are similarly kept confidential by the parties. None of this
information would be disclosed to the public in the ordinary course because it relates
to the sensitive private commercial contractual obligations among the parties.
(4) Explanation of the degree to which the information concerns a service that
is subject to competition:
ENA competes for subscribers in a highly competitive iVoIP industry. ENA’s
competitive advantages in such an industry are drawn from, among other things, its
operational capabilities and the pricing agreements reached with its Carrier Partner,
which are included in the Fourth Addendum.
5
5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4).

PUBLIC VERSION
Page 3
(5) Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial
competitive harm:
Disclosure of the Fourth Addendum would have a substantial adverse impact
on ENA because it would provide access to sensitive and propriety information behind
ENA’s provision of services and its commercial agreements. This information is not
publicly disclosed in the ordinary course and could be used to the detriment of ENA by
its competitors or parties with whom ENA engages in high stakes negotiations.
(6) Identification of any measures taken by the submitting party to prevent
unauthorized disclosure:
ENA does not publicly disclose the proprietary commercial information
contained in the Fourth Addendum in the normal course of business, and each party to
the Fourth Addendum is subject to contractual confidentiality obligations.
(7) Identification of whether the information is available to the public and the
extent of any previous disclosure of the information to third parties:
ENA has not made the details of the Fourth Addendum available to the public
or to any third parties.
(8) Justification of the period during which the submitting party asserts that
the material should not be available for public disclosure:
ENA requests permanent confidential treatment and non-disclosure because it
is impossible to predict when the information contained in the Fourth Addendum would
no longer be useful to ENA’s competitors or other third parties.
For the foregoing reasons, ENA submits that good cause exists to grant this
request for confidential treatment. Accordingly, ENA urges the FCC to grant this
request and withhold the Fourth Addendum from public inspection. To the extent that
the FCC disagrees and denies this request, ENA requests that the enclosed confidential
materials be returned to ENA without consideration, pursuant to Section 0.459(e) of
the FCC’s Rules.6
6
47 C.F.R. § 0.459(e).

PUBLIC VERSION
Page 4
Please direct any questions or inquiries regarding this matter to the
undersigned.
/s/ Glenn S. Richards
Glenn S. Richards
Counsel to ENA Services, LLC
February 24, 2021

PUBLIC VERSION
Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
ENA Services, LLC )
) WC Docket No. 21-1
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) )
of the FCC’s Rules )
SUPPLEMENT TO THE APPLICATION OF ENA SERVICES, LLC
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
On December 17, 2020, ENA Services, LLC (“ENA” or “Applicant”) requested
authorization to obtain numbering resources pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) of the FCC’s Rules1
(the “Application”). The Wireline Competition Bureau subsequently sought additional
information regarding where ENA intends to initially offer interconnected VoIP services post-
authorization, and evidence that the agreement by and between ENA and its Carrier Partner
included in the Application (“Carrier Partner Agreement”) remains in effect. In support of the
Application, ENA provides the following information:
1. Post-authorization, ENA intends to initially offer interconnected VoIP services in
Tennessee.
2. Evidence that the Carrier Partner Agreement remains in effect, in the form of the Fourth
Addendum to Master Service Agreement, by and between ENA and its Carrier Partner,
dated April 30, 2014, is included herein as the Exhibit.
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3).

PUBLIC VERSION
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Glenn S. Richards
Glenn S. Richards
Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
1200 Seventeenth Street, NW
Washington, DC 20036
(202) 663-8215
glenn.richards@pillsburylaw.com
Counsel to ENA Services, LLC
February 24, 2021
2

PUBLIC VERSION
EXHIBIT
FOURTH ADDENDUM TO MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT,
BY AND BETWEEN ENA AND ITS CARRIER PARTNER,
DATED APRIL 30, 2014
(CONFIDENTIAL EXHIBIT
SUBMITTED SEPARATELY)