Jeffrey J. Carlisle
jcarlisle@lermansenter.com
202-416-6768
February 20, 2025
CONFIDENTIALITY REQUEST PURSUANT TO 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
VIA ECFS
Ms. Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
Office of the Secretary
45 L Street, NE
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Request for Confidential Treatment, Second Supplement to Application of Telimize
LLC for Authority to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of
the Commission’s Rules, WC Docket No. 24-656
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Telimize LLC (“Telimize”) hereby submits the enclosed second supplement (“Second
Supplement”) to its application for authorization to obtain numbering resources and respectfully requests
confidential treatment of the text indicated in the Second Supplement. Consistent with Sections 0.457
and 0.459 of the Commission’s Rules, Telimize has provided a confidential version of the Second
Supplement labelled “Confidential, Not for Public Inspection.” Confidential treatment in this
circumstance is fully consistent with the Administrative Procedure Act (“APA”) and past Commission
practice.
The redacted materials in the Second Supplement contain commercially sensitive information
that identifies Telimize’s vendor for 911 services. Confidential treatment of this information is
appropriate under Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act, which applies to information
constituting “trade secrets and commercial or financial information.” See 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4); 47
C.F.R. § 0.457(d).

Ms. Marlene H. Dortch
February 20, 2025
Page 2
In support of this request, Telimize provides the following information, as provided for under
Section 0.459(b) of the Commission’s Rules.
1. Specific Information for Which Confidential Treatment is Sought - § 0.459(b)(1):
Telimize requests that the redacted parts of the Second Supplement be withheld from public disclosure
under 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4) and 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d)(2). Specifically, the Second Supplement identifies
one of Telimize’s vendors and provides information from which its identity may be easily derived.
2. Circumstances Giving Rise to the Submission - § 0.459(b)(2): Telimize is submitting the
information in the Second Supplement as proof that it complies with its 911 obligations under Part 9 of
the Commission’s Rules as required by section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E) of the Commission’s Rules.
3. Degree to Which the Information is Commercial or Financial, or Contains a Trade Secret
or Is Privileged - § 0.459(b)(3): The Second Supplement discloses the name of Telimize’s vendor and
provides a copy of an executed service agreement with this vendor. This information is subject to
exemption from public disclosure under FOIA Exemption 4.4. None of this information would normally
be made available to the public, and public disclosure would make available to competitors proprietary
information that is competitively sensitive and could undermine Telimize’s business strategy. See 5
U.S.C. § 552(b)(4); 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d). To date, disclosure of the information and documents subject
to this request has been limited to certain executives and employees of Telimize and their outside legal
counsel, and Telimize’s vendors.
4. Degree to Which the Information Concerns a Service That is Subject to Competition - §
0.459(b)(4): The market for interconnected voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) is highly competitive
with low barriers to entry. The commercial information at issue goes directly to Telimize’s ability to
comply with the 911 service obligations applicable to all VoIP service providers. Thus, this information
“concerns a service subject to competition.” Accordingly, this information qualifies as sensitive internal
business and commercial information entitled to protection under FOIA and the Commission’s rules.
5. How Disclosure of the Information Could Result in Substantial Competitive Harm - §
0.459(b)(5): As the VoIP industry is highly competitive, and the nature of the confidential information
is sensitive as to Telimize’s relations with its vendors and technical processes, public release of the
identity of Telimize’s vendor as disclosed in the Second Supplement would cause significant
competitive harm to Telimize. Moreover, Telimize’s plans for complying with regulatory obligations to
provide emergency services would become publicly known, which would not only cause competitive
harm to Telimize, but could undermine Telimize’s ability to provide safe and secure VoIP services to its
end users.
6. Measures Taken by Telimize to Prevent Unauthorized Disclosure - § 0.459(b)(6): Telimize
has limited access to the information and documents subject to this request to those officers, directors,
employees, and counsel who require its disclosure in order to perform their duties. Telimize treats the

Ms. Marlene H. Dortch
February 20, 2025
Page 3
documents provided in the Second Supplement as confidential and proprietary and has not publicly
disclosed this information.
7. The Information Submitted is Not Available to the Public and Has Not Previously Been
Disclosed to Third Parties, Except for Appropriately Limited Circumstances - § 0.459(b)(7): To the
best of Telimize’s knowledge, the information and documentation for which confidential treatment is
sought has not been publicly disclosed. Disclosure by Telimize has been limited to those with a need to
know, and to those who are subject to professional or other confidentiality obligations.
8. Period During Which the Submitted Material Should Not Be Available for Public
Disclosure - § 0.459(b)(8): Telimize respectfully requests that the confidential information in the
Second Supplement be kept confidential indefinitely given the sensitive nature of this information and
the risks inherent in any unauthorized disclosure. It is not clear at this time what potential period of non-
disclosure is required in order to protect Telimize’s interests.
9. Other Information Supporting Request for Confidential Treatment - § 0.459(b)(9): Not
applicable.
* * * * *
For the reasons stated above, Telimize requests that the Commission withhold from public
inspection the information identified herein, according it full confidential treatment.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Jeffrey Carlisle
Jeffrey Carlisle
Lerman Senter PLLC
2001 L Street, NW, Suite 400
Washington, DC 20036-4945
(202)429-8970
Counsel for Telimize LLC
Enclosure

Telimize LLC
February 20, 2025
Page 2 of 2
Respectfully submitted,
TELIMIZE LLC
By: /s/ Jeffrey Carlisle
Jeffrey Carlisle
Lerman Senter PLLC
2001 L Street, NW, Suite 400
Washington, D.C. 20036
(202)429-8970
Its Attorney
cc: Jordan Marie Reth, WCB
REDACTED -- FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

EXHIBIT A
SERVICE AGREEMENT
REDACTED -- FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

[REDACTED IN FULL]
REDACTED -- FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

EXHIBIT B
DECLARATION OF GRANTHAM HAMM
I, Grantham Hamm, do hereby declare under the penalty of perjury, pursuant to 47 C.F.R.
§1.16, that the following is true and correct:
1. I am the Chief Executive Officer for Telimize, LLC (“Telimize”).
2. I have reviewed the foregoing Second Supplement to Application of Telimize for
Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources, and the Exhibit thereto, and I am
familiar with their contents.
3. To the best of my knowledge, information and belief, all statements in the application
and the Exhibit are true and accurate.
Executed on February 20, 2025
Grantham Hamm
CEO
Telimize, LLC
REDACTED -- FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION