Google Voice Inc.
1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy
Mountain View, CA 94043
650-253-0000
google.com
PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
March 6, 2020
Via Hand Delivery
Marlene H. Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 Twelfth Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Request for Confidential Treatment
Application of Google Voice Inc. for Authorization to Obtain Numbering
Resources (WC Docket No. 20-___)
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Google Voice Inc. (d/b/a “Google Voice for G Suite,” hereinafter “Google Voice”),
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552 and Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the Commission's Rules,
47 C.F.R. §§ 0.457, 0.459, hereby requests that certain information complementary to
its above-referenced Application to Obtain Numbering Resources (“Application”) be
treated as confidential and not subject to public inspection. The designated information
constitutes confidential and proprietary information that, if subject to public disclosure,
would cause significant commercial, economic, and competitive harm. As described
below, Google Voice’s request satisfies the standards for grant of such requests set
forth in Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the Commission’s Rules.
In accordance with Section 0.459(b) and in support of this request, Google Voice
provides the following information:
1. Identification of the Information for Which Confidential Treatment is Sought:
Google Voice’s request for confidential treatment is limited to the confidential
Exhibits to its Application.
2. Identification of the Commission proceeding in which the information was
submitted or a description of the circumstances giving rise to the submission.
The confidential Exhibits are being submitted to the Commission as proof of facilities

March 6, 2020
PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
readiness, as required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the Commission’s rules.
3. Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial
or contains a trade secret or is privileged.
The information for which Google Voice seeks confidential treatment contains
sensitive commercial, financial, and technical information “which would customarily
be guarded from competitors.”1 The confidential Exhibits contain trade secrets and
proprietary commercial and technical information relating to the manner in which
Google Voice and its carrier partner conduct network operations.
4. Explanation of the degree to which the information concerns a service that is
competitive.
The confidential Exhibits provide detailed information relating to commercial and
operational matters that could be used by competitors to the disadvantage of Google
Voice. Disclosure of Google Voice’s confidential information would cause substantial
competitive harm.
5. Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial
competitive harm.
Competitors could use the information in the confidential Exhibits to Google Voice’s
detriment as they would gain access to sensitive and proprietary information about
how Google Voice provides services as well as about Google Voice’s commercial
agreements with others that are not ordinarily disclosed to the public.
6. Identification of any measures taken by the requesting party to prevent
unauthorized disclosure.
Google Voice has taken steps to keep confidential the information set forth in the
confidential Exhibits by limiting the number of people involved to only those on a
“need to know” basis, and by requiring any third parties involved to execute robust
nondisclosure agreements.
7. Identification of whether the information is available to the public and the
extent of any previous disclosures of the information to any third parties.
The information contained in the confidential Exhibit is not available to the public,
and has only been disclosed to third parties pursuant to restrictive safeguards.
Google Voice voluntarily provides the information to the Commission at this time with
the expectation that it will be treated confidentially in accordance with the
Commission's rules. S ee Critical Mass Energy Project v. Nuclear Regulatory
1 47 C.F.R. § 0.457.
2

March 6, 2020
PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
Comm’n, 975 F.2d 871, 879 (D.C. Cir. 1992) (commercial information provided on a
voluntary basis “is ‘confidential’ for the purpose of Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA) Exemption 4 if it is of a kind that would customarily not be released to the
public by the person from whom it was obtained.”).
8. Justification of the requested period of confidentiality.
Google Voice requests that the confidential Exhibits be treated as confidential for a
period of ten years. This period is necessary due to the sensitive nature of the
information in the confidential Exhibits.
9. Any other information that would be useful in assessing whether this request
should be submitted.
The information subject to this request for confidentiality should not be made
available for public disclosure at any time. There is nothing material that public
review of this information would add to the Commission’s analysis of Google Voice’s
request for an experimental authorization.
Moreover, public disclosure of the sensitive information in the confidential Exhibits
after the Commission has ruled on the Request for Confidentiality is not necessary
for the Commission to fulfill its regulatory responsibilities.
Consistent with 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(d)(l), Google Voice requests notification if release of
the information subject to this request is requested pursuant to the FOIA or otherwise,
so that Google Voice may have an opportunity to oppose grant of any such request.
Respectfully submitted,
Darah Franklin
Counsel
Google LLC
3

PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, DC 20554
In the Matter of
Google Voice Inc. Applicant WC Docket No. 20-____
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of
the Commission’s Rules
APPLICATION OF GOOGLE VOICE INC.
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Google Voice Inc. (d/b/a “Google Voice for G Suite,” hereinafter “Google Voice”)
hereby files this application with the Federal Communications Commission (the
“Commission”) for authorization to acquire telephone numbers directly from the North
American Numbering Plan Administrator and the Pooling Administrator (the “Numbering
Administrators”) pursuant to Commission rule section 52.15(g)(3).1
As set forth in the Commission’s Numbering Order, 2 an interconnected VoIP
provider3 may obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrators upon
showing that it is authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering
resources are requested. Such authorization may be obtained upon an application to
the Commission containing the information in Sections 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)-(F) of the
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3).
2 I n the Matter of Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, 30 FCC Rcd. 6839 (2015).
3 Google Voice for G Suite will be capable of providing interconnected VoIP service within 60
days of the numbering resources activation date as required by 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(2).

PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
Google Voice Inc.
March 6, 2020
Commission’s Rules. Google Voice hereby requests the Commission grant it the
authorization.
Google Voice provides the following information in support of its application:
I. Information Required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Google Voice Inc.
Address: 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043
Telephone: 650-253-0000
For purposes of this application, inquiries pertaining to issues associated with
911, law enforcement, and general compliance with Commission rules can be directed
to:
Name: Devin Morris
Title: Compliance Officer
Telephone: 720-546-6384
Email: devinmorris@google.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Google Voice acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources
under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with
applicable Commission numbering rules, numbering authority delegated to the states,
and industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering as applicable to
telecommunications carriers.
2

PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
Google Voice Inc.
March 6, 2020
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Google Voice acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the
relevant state commissions at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the
Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Google Voice sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the
numbering activation date. Google Voice has an agreement in place with its carrier
partner who in turn has interconnection agreements in effect with the relevant local
exchange carriers, as well as full staff for number porting. As proof of its facilities
readiness, Google Voice has attached to this application a letter confirming an
agreement between Google Voice and its carrier partner (Confidential Exhibit A) and the
relevant portions of an interconnection agreement between that carrier partner and a
local exchange carrier (Confidential Exhibit B), both submitted pursuant to Google
Voice’s concurrently filed request for confidential treatment.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Google Voice certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund
contribution obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H; its Telecommunications Relay
Service contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii); its North American
Numbering Plan and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations
under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32; its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR
§ 1.1154; and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
3

PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
Google Voice Inc.
March 6, 2020
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
Google Voice certifies that it possesses the financial, managerial, and technical
expertise to provide reliable service. For purposes of this application, inquiries
pertaining to financial, managerial, and technical issues can be directed to:
Name: Devin Morris
Title: Compliance Officer
Telephone: 720-546-6384
Email: devinmorris@google.com
Google Voice states that none of the identified personnel is being or has been
investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure
to comply with any law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Google Voice certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988.4
II. Acknowledgement of Conditions in Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Google Voice will maintain the accuracy of
all contact information and certifications in the application and will file a correction with
the Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Google Voice
will also furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state
commission when requesting numbers in that state.
4 S ee 21 U.S.C. § 862.
4

PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
Google Voice Inc.
March 6, 2020
III. Conclusion
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) of the Commission’s Rules, Google Voice
respectfully requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain
numbering resources.
Darah Franklin
Counsel
Google LLC
March 6, 2020
5

PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
Exhibit A
[REDACTED]

PUBLIC REDACTED VERSION
Exhibit B
[REDACTED]