VIA ECFS
March 8, 2017
Marlene Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 121 H Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
Re: OpenSIP.com, LLC., Applicant for Authorization to Obtain Number
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, OpenSIP.com, LLC
hereby submits its application requesting authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
For any question regarding this application please contact Anees Elbruki at
(714) 448-6555 or anees@elbruki.com
Respectfully Submitted,
Anees Elbruki
OpenSIP.com, LLC

Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the matter of: )
)
OpenSIP.com LLC, Applicant For )
)
) WC Docket No.:
)
Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) )
)
of the Commission’s Rules
)
APPLICATION OF OPENSIP.COM, LLC FOR AUTHORIZATION
TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
OpenSIP.com, LLC (“OpenSIP.com”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the
Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering
resources as described below.
Applicant requests the Commission grant it authorization as set forth in the
Commission’s Numbering and Policies for the Modern Communications, FCC 15-70
(June 22, 2015) to obtain numbering resources from the North American
Numbering Administrator. In support of this application OpenSIP.com provides the
following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
(A) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: OpenSIP.com, LLC
Address: 3700 Santa Fe Ave., Suite 200
Long Beach, CA 90810
Telephone: (844) 250-5000
Qualified Personnel: Anees Elbruki, Chief Executive Officer

(B) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
OpenSIP.com acknowledges that authorization to obtain
numbering resources under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules
is subject to compliance with applicable Commission numbering rules
as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states.
OpenSIP.com also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to
compliance with industry guidelines and practices regarding
numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
OpenSIP.com has been in contact with NPAC and will within 60 days
have the necessary NPAC connections and completed the training to
ensure that it’s fully capable of managing the responsibilities of local
number portability.
(C) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
OpenSIP.com acknowledges that it must file requests for
numbers with the relevant state commission(s) at least 30 days before
requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
(D) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
OpenSIP.com is fully capable of providing service within 60 days
of numbering resources activating date.
OpenSIP.com is a business grade Interconnected VoIP provider
with nationwide customer ranging from government/municipal
organizations to resellers, wholesales, and retail customers offered
through their extensive reseller programs. Services include wholesale,
retail, white labeling, origination, termination, international calling,

number porting, new number assignment, toll-free, as well as other
services used to facility the wholesale and retail market.
OpenSIP.com has been acquiring number through other
carriers. By being granted to obtain number resources, this will allow
them to better deliver services and reliability to their retail and
wholesale customers.
As proof of its facilities readiness, OpenSIP.com has attached to
this application
1. An agreement between OpenSIP.com and its carrier
partner providing that the carrier partner will host
OpenSIP.com numbers on its switches and provide PSTN
connectivity for inbound calls to OpenSIP.com numbers
a. Exhibit A
2. An interconnection agreement between OpenSIP.com’s
carrier partner (under a previous company name) and a
local exchange carrier.
a. Exhibits B
3. Initial implementation plan to include the following states
a. Exhibits C
OpenSIP.com has requested confidential treatment under the
Commission’s rules for both Exhibits and has filed them separately.
(E) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
OpenSIP.com certifies that it complies with its Universal
Service Fund contribution obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart
H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution obligations
under 47 CFR § 64.604(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and
Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations

under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees
under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
(F) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
OpenSIP.com certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and
technical expertise to provide reliable service. It is financially stable, is
led by a strong and experienced team of individuals with substantial
managerial experience in the telecommunications industry. It also has
sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide
reliable numbering services. OpenSIP.com has successfully operated
its communications business since 2006.
OpenSIP.com key management personnel are listed below. None
of the identified personnel are being or have been investigated by the
Commission of any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to
comply with any law, rule, or order.
Key Personnel: Anees Elbruki, CEO
Mohamed Elbruki, CFO & Strategic Planning
Raul Santana, CTO
(G) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
OpenSIP.com certifies that no party to this application is subject
to a denial of Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-
Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.

II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), OpenSIP.com will maintain the
accuracy of all contact information and certifications in this application,
and will file a correction with the Commission and each applicable state
within 30 days of any changes. OpenSIP.com will also furnish accurate
regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission
when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules,
OpenSIP.com respectfully requests the Commission grant this application
for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully Submitted,
Anees Elbruki
Chief Executive Officer
OpenSIP.com, LLC
3700 Santa Fe Avenue
Suite 200
Long Beach, CA 90810
February 5, 2017

EXHIBIT A
[Confidential exhibit submitted separately.]

EXHIBIT B
[Confidential exhibit submitted separately.]

EXHIBIT C
[Confidential exhibit submitted separately.]