Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
Zoom Voice Communications, Inc., )
Applicant, )
) WC Docket No. 20-419
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) )
of the Commission’s Rules )
)
REPLY COMMENTS OF ZOOM VOICE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
Kari Zeni Brita D. Strandberg
Associate General Counsel Daniel P. Tingley
ZOOM VOICE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. HARRIS, WILTSHIRE & GRANNIS LLP
1919 M Street, NW, 8th Floor
Washington, DC 20036
(202) 730-1300
Counsel to Zoom Voice Communications, Inc.
March 5, 2021

Zoom Voice Communications, Inc. (“Zoom”) submits this response to comments filed by
CarrierX regarding Zoom’s application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.1 The
Commission’s rules provide that the Bureau may remove an application from streamlined
processing if (1) an applicant fails to respond promptly to Commission inquiries; (2) an
application is associated with a non-routine request for waiver of the Commission’s rules; (3)
timely-filed comments on the application raise public interest concerns that require further
Commission review; or (4) the Bureau determines that the application requires further analysis to
determine whether granting the application serves the public interest. 47 C.F.R. §
52.15(g)(3)(iii). None of these conditions are met here. The comments filed by CarrierX raise
no public interest concerns related to Zoom’s application that merit further review by the
Commission. The Commission should therefore continue to process the application on a
streamlined basis and deem the application granted pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(iii).
Zoom filed an application to obtain numbering authorization from the Commission on
December 9, 2020.2 On February 5, 2021, the Commission issued a Public Notice stating that
Zoom’s application contained the information required by the Commission’s rules and finding
the application “upon initial review, to be acceptable for filing as a streamlined application.”3
Only one party, CarrierX, filed comments on Zoom’s application. CarrierX did not identify any
defects in Zoom’s application or raise any issues about Zoom that present public interest
1 Comments of CarrierX, WC Docket No. 20-419 (filed Feb. 22, 2021) (“CarrierX
Comments”).
2 Application of Zoom Voice Communications, Inc. for Numbering Authorization, WC Docket
No. 20-419 (filed Dec. 9, 2020).
3 Interconnected VoIP Numbering Authorization Application Filed by Zoom Voice
Communications, Inc. Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) of the Commission’s Rules, Public
Notice, WC Docket No. 20-419, at 2 (rel. Feb. 5, 2021).
2

concerns. Instead, CarrierX argued that because the Bureau recently removed a “substantially
similar application” from streamlined processing, it should do the same for Zoom’s application
out of fairness.
Zoom’s application is readily distinguishable from the applications that the Commission
removed from streamlined processing. CarrierX’s comments referred to applications filed by
five entities collectively known as the “HDC Companies.”4 After the HDC Companies filed
applications for numbering authority, AT&T filed comments in opposition identifying issues
specific to the applications that raised public interest concerns.5 AT&T noted that the applicants
appeared to be related to an individual and entities linked to “access arbitrage schemes.”6 AT&T
further observed that a formal complaint was pending at the Commission against a local
exchange carrier owned by that same individual. The complaint was even specifically related to
the carrier’s use of VoIP services from a related company: it alleged that the carrier “is using a
closely associated provider of VoIP services in an attempt to evade its intercarrier compensation
obligations,” leading to “call blocking and congestion.”7 AT&T therefore asked the Commission
to remove the application from streamlined processing due to the applicants’ “apparent
connection to entities linked to access arbitrage activities,” and it asked to review sealed
materials to determine whether the applicants intended to access the PSTN via the carrier that
4 See Applications of HDC Alpha, LLC; HDC Beta, LLC; HDC Delta, LLC; HDC Epsilon,
LLC; and HDC Gamma, LLC, for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources, WC
Docket Nos. 19-313, 19-314, 19-315, 19-316 & 19-317 (filed Oct. 8, 2019).
5 Comments of AT&T in Opposition to Interconnected VoIP Numbering Authorization
Applications Filed by HDC Alpha, LLC et al., WC Docket Nos. 19-313, 19-314, 19-315, 19-
316 & 19-317 (filed Jan. 21, 2021).
6 Id. at 2.
7 Id.
3

was the subject of the formal complaint.8 Unlike CarrierX, AT&T’s comments raised specific,
particularized public interest concerns with the applications before the Commission.
CarrierX, on the other hand, does not argue that Zoom receiving numbering authority
would raise distinct public interest concerns. Instead, it argues that the Commission should
impose further scrutiny on Zoom’s application to evaluate “whether the request for additional
numbering resources will promote access arbitrage practices or create incentives for inefficient
number utilization,” without offering any basis to think that those issues are relevant to Zoom.9
The Commission has already examined the generalized concerns raised by CarrierX and
addressed them through notice and comment rulemaking. In its Order adopting numbering
access requirements, the Commission noted concerns raised by commenters, including that direct
access “could have negative consequences for routing and intercarrier compensation,” and
concluded both that the benefits of direct access “outweigh any perceived risks” and that the
conditions adopted by the Commission would “mitigate any risks.”10 CarrierX’s objection to
Zoom’s application is in an improper, time-barred collateral attack on this conclusion and the
Commission’s prior rulemaking, not a party-specific objection to Zoom’s request for numbering
authority.
The Commission has made it clear that objections like CarrierX’s are improper. In the
transaction context, for example, the Commission weighs “transaction-specific” benefits—those
that arise as a result of the transaction and could not be accomplished in the absence of the
8 Id. at 2-3.
9 CarrierX Comments at 3.
10 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, Report & Order, 30 FCC Rcd. 6839, ¶ 15
(2015).
4

transaction—and it imposes conditions only to ameliorate the “transaction-specific” harms. 11
The Commission does not address issues raised by parties who comment on the proceeding to
raise concerns that are irrelevant or unrelated to the specific transaction under review.12 This
established, well-founded rule applies with just as much force in this context.13
CarrierX’s comments provide no reason to remove Zoom’s application from streamlined
processing. They do not allege that Zoom has violated any Commission rule, identify any
deficiencies in Zoom’s application, or identify any public interest concerns related to Zoom that
require further review. The Commission should process the application on a streamlined basis
and ultimately deem the application granted.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Brita D. Strandberg
Kari Zeni Brita D. Strandberg
Associate General Counsel Daniel P. Tingley
ZOOM VOICE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. HARRIS, WILTSHIRE & GRANNIS LLP
1919 M Street, NW, 8th Floor
Washington, DC 20036
(202) 730-1300
Counsel to Zoom Voice Communications, Inc.
11 See, e.g., Applications of T-Mobile US, Inc., & Sprint Corp., for Consent to Transfer Control
of Licenses & Authorizations, 34 FCC Rcd. 10,578, ¶¶ 40, 214 (2019).
12 See, e.g., Applications of Softbank Corp., Starburst II, Inc., Sprint Nextel Corp., & Clearwire
Corp., 28 FCC Rcd. 9642, ¶¶ 80-81 (2013) (rejecting calls to address industry-wide issues in
a party-specific transaction).
13 The Commission’s greenmail rules are another example of the Commission’s disapproval of
insincere, irrelevant attempts by interested parties to derail legitimate applications filed with
the Commission. See, e.g., Amendment of Part 90 of the Commission's Rules to Permit the
Short-Spacing of Specialized Mobile Radio Sys. Upon Concurrence from Co-Channel
Licensees, 7 FCC Rcd. 6069, ¶ 9 (1992).
5