August 21, 2017
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
RE: Application for Authorization to obtain VoIP Numbering Resources
Applicant: Terra Nova Telecom, Inc.
11523 Palm Brush Trl #401
Lakewood Ranch, FL 34202
Phone: 813 867-5000
Regulatory Contact: Mike Ray
mike@tntelecom.net
Phone: 813 867-5000 x 207
Applicant Terra Nova Telecom, Inc. hereby applies for status as an Interconnected VoIP Provider in order to obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrators.
Applicant understands that such authorization, if granted, sha ll be subject to compliance with applicable Commission
rules, state numbering authority and industry guidelines and practices as applicable to Telecommunications Carriers.
Applicant understands that it must request numbering authority from each state at least thirty days prior to requesting
numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
Applicant hereby provides its Interconnection Agreement wi th Peerless Network Inc as proof that it is capable of
providing service within 60 days of activation of numbering resources.
Applicant certifies that it is in compliance with its Universal Service Fund, Telecommunications Relay Fund, North
American Numbering Plan, and Local Number Portability contribution obligations as well as with regulatory fees and 911
obligations in all respects.
Applicant further certifies that it possesses the financial, man agerial and technical expertise to provide reliable service.
Applicant is a CLEC in the State of Florida where it operates its own network today, with officers Travis Mikalson and
Mike Ray who have both served in the telecom industry for more than a decade. Applicant is applying for this status in
order to provide VoIP service in states other than Florida. None of applicant’s personnel are being or have been
investigated by the FCC or any other agency for failure to co mply with any law, rule or order.
Applicant further certifies that no party to the application is subject to denial of Federal benefits pursuant to section 5301
of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988.
11523 Palm Brush Trail, Suite 401 • Lakewood Ranch, FL 34202 • 813 867-5000

Ü±½«Í·¹² Û²ª»´±°» ×Üæ éÞßëÞëéêóëêÝéóìÜßÚóÞÛéÚóèÝîìÝðßëïÝÛÞ
Service Order - PSTN Control Service Interconnected VoIP
This Service Order PSTN Control Service, dated August 21, 2017, is subject to and made a part of the Master
Service Agreement Number TRNV150812-3001201 between Terra Nova Telecom, Inc.
Peerless Network. This Service Order and the Master Service Agreement governs the sale and purchase of
the Local Exchange Services described below. This Service Order Initial Term is one (1) year from the Service
Commencement Date and renews for one (1) month periods unless either Party cancels the Service Order or
MSA.
1. Service Description. Peerless will provide PSTN Control Service to the Customer to originate and
based upon incumbent LEC requirements, which may include using existing Peerless interconnection facilities
or separate facilities dedicated to the Customer. As a condition of Peerless PSTN Control Service, Customer is
required to enter into the Peerless Transit and Local Termination Service Orders as specified below. In the
event Customer chooses to route additional types of traffic, Customer agrees to enter into the appropriate
Service Orders as specified below.
2. Customer Responsibilities. Customer acknowledges and agrees that, prior to Service
commencement, it is an Interconnected VoIP Provider as defined by the Federal Communications
certified and in good standing at the FCC and in each applicable state and responsible
for all applicable regulatory requirements, including but not limited to:
a) Fulfilling obligations of the incumbent LEC; and
b) Obtaining or assigning a CLLI code per LATA as defined by Peerless; and
c) Obtaining all necessary industry identifiers including but not limited to; OCN, ACNA, LNP Service
Provider ID (SPID); and
d) -
Central Office Code Assignment Guidelines shall include:
i. SW IDENT: Customer CLLI Code
ii. ACTUAL SW ID: Peerless Network provided CLLI Code per market; and
e) Block NPA-NXX and LRN to Peerless as soon as it is received by the Customer, but
no later than seven (7) days after receipt; and
f) Establishing an AOCN relationship with an AOCN provider for entering and maintaining all
appropriate LERG designations; and
g) Establishing and supporting all local number portability processes; and
h) Implementing a solution for delivering/accepting all ancillary call types in accordance with all
federal, state, and municipal laws, in addition to all Interconnection Agreemnt requirements.
Ancillary call types include, but are not limited to, 911, E911, 311 Operator Services, Directory
Assistance, 900, 500, 976 services; and
i) Establishing at least one one-way outbound trunk group for local termination and transit services
and two one-way inbound trunk groups between Customer and Peerless Network for the delivery of
inbound local/intraLATA and interLATA traffic. Connections to Peerless Network will be made using
Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) using either G.711 and/or G.729 codes unless mutually agreed upon
to in writing by both parties; and
j) Agreeing to enter into, and be bound by the terms and conditions of, the appropriate Service
Order(s) (e.g., Voice Termination) in the event Customer chooses to route additional traffic; and
k) Agreeing to be in compliance with all third party traffic termination arrangements, including primary
toll carrier agreements, and optional and/or extended calling area plans; and
l) Acknowledging that service is only available to Customer for use in providing telecommunications or
telecommunications-related services to its customers within the Peerless network or its
service areas, and that service may not be used for termination of "pass through" or transit access
traffic if such use results in an arrangement that seeks to avoid the appropriate application of
switched access charges; and

Ü±½«Í·¹² Û²ª»´±°» ×Üæ éÞßëÞëéêóëêÝéóìÜßÚóÞÛéÚóèÝîìÝðßëïÝÛÞ
m) Arranging and bearing all costs of connection to its customers; and
n) Routing all outbound local and local toll (intraLATA) traffic to Peerless and entering into Peerless
Transit and Local Termination Service Orders, with rates for each state where service is provided;
and
o) Billing and collecting any Customer End User fees; and
p) Submitting all orders to orderentry@ peerlessnetwork.com; and
q) Billing and collecting any applicable End Office switched access fees, including Intercarrier
Compensation.
3. Peerless Responsibilities(cid:1) In providing the PSTN Control Service, Peerless acknowledges and agrees
that it (or a related subsidiary) will:
a) Maintain appropriate interconnection facilities to the incumbent local exchange carrier tandem(s),
and assist (as needed) in the ordering and provisioning of interconnection facilities with the
incumbent LEC; and
b) Coordinate any SS7 route sets as may be required for interconnection to the LEC; and
c) Provide Customer with Peerless CLLI Codes mentioned above; and
d)
tandem both directly or indirectly from another carrier to the Customer.
e) Accept and route any 1+ or 8YY originated traffic from the Customer.
f) Route originating local and intraLATA traffic from the Customer to Peerless on-net customers
vice, only with a valid Transit Service Order for this
traffic as noted in Customer Responsibilities.
g) Route originating local and intraLATA traffic from the Customer to off-net carriers (including the
ILEC) via less Network Local Termination Service Order,
only with a valid Peerless Local Termination Service Order for this traffic as noted in Customer
Responsibilities.
h) Voice
Termination Service, only if the Customer enters into the Peerless Voice Termination Service Order
for this traffic.
i) Provide Customer with a list of all on-net and off-net carriers based on LATA and OCN in each
market service where local transit and local termination is established.
j) Provide EMI records.
k) Use commercially reasonable efforts to provision orders within twenty (20) days of receipt from
Customer. Orders received after 3:00pm CST will be considered as received the next business day.
Orders that are expedited will be assessed a fee of $500.00 per order.
(cid:1). Pricin(cid:1). The prices for PSTN Control Services are as follows:
PSTN Control Port Monthly $7.00 per switch port
Charges
PSTN Control Switch Ports = Number of Inbound
Minutes / 7,000,000 x 672
Off-Net Local Transit* Pursuant to the Peerless Network Local
Termination Service Order
On-Net Local Transit* Pursuant to the Peerless Network Transit Service
Order
Outbound Long Distance* Pursuant to the Peerless Network Voice
Termination Service Order
* Customer must have valid Service Orders for this traffic.

Ü±½«Í·¹² Û²ª»´±°» ×Üæ éÞßëÞëéêóëêÝéóìÜßÚóÞÛéÚóèÝîìÝðßëïÝÛÞ
4.1 Rates are subject to change on seven (7) days written notice. Modification in rates may be in the
form of new rates, charges and/or surcharges or through modification of existing rate elements which
are used to determine rates and/or charges. Customer is liable for payment on any rate changes past
the effective date as documented in a delivered rate modification notice. Unless explicitly stated, any
pricing not covered in this Service Order is subject to the Applicable Tariffs covering such services. In
addition, Peerless will not act as a billing intermediary or cl
4.2 Peerless may charge applicable tandem switched access rates to a third party for originating and/or
terminating traffic to the Customer. If Peerless is charged by a third party for services typically billed to the
end office provider (Customer), Peerless will pass through such charges to Customer. Customer
acknowledges and agrees that Peerless is not responsible for any charges levied by any third party in
connection with such traffic , including intercarrier compensation.
4.3 Customer will not charge Peerless any amounts in connection with any traffic exchanged under this
Service Order including terminating and originating switched access fees for traffic utilizing a Peerless CIC
Code.
4.4
numbers, would be rated as local or IntraLATA according to the state-mandated then current local serving
area, including mandatory local calling scope arrangements, or intraMTA traffic terminating to a wireless
carrier. A Mandatory Local Calling Scope arrangement is an arrangement that provides End-Users a local
calling scope, i.e. Extended Area Service (EAS), beyond their basic exchange serving area. Local Traffic does
not include optional local calling scopes, i.e. optional rate packages that permit the End-User to choose a
local calling scope beyond their basic exchange serving area for an additional fee, referred to hereafter as
Customer will route special services calls, including, but not limited to 311, 411, 611, 976,
500, 700, 900, and 911 calls, via another local exchange carrier or service provider. The service includes only
local calling or 1+ calling to the Interexchange Carrier chosen by the customer for Long Distance Services, or
toll free calling.
4.4 Should the Customer provide Peerless proper notice of cancellation of this Service Order, Customer
will use best efforts to migrate the traffic off of the Peerless network within thirty (30) days, but in no way
should Company take more than sixty (60) days to finalize such migration. Customer is responsible for
network.
IN WITNESS WHEROF, the Parties hereto have caused this Service Order PSTN Control to be executed as of
the day and year first above written.
Peerless Net(cid:1)or(cid:1), Inc.
Customer: Terra Nova Telecom, Inc.
By: By:
Name: Name:
Title: Title:
Date: Date: