Friend, Hudak & Harris, UP
Attorneys at Law
Three Ravinia Drive I Suite 17 00
Atlanta, GA 30346
FriendHudakHarris
770.399.9500 I FH2.com
770.395.0000 Facsimile
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
March 14, 2024
REQUEST FOR
VIAECFS
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT
Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
45 L Street NE
Washington, DC 20554
Re: BHN IP Enabled Services, LLC, Application for Authorization to Obtain
Numbering Resources & Request for Confidential Treatment
WC Docket No. 23-
Dear Ms. Dortch:
BHN IP Enabled Services, LLC ("Charter") encloses for filing its Application to Obtain
Numbering Resources ("Application") and corresponding Confidential Exhibit A, an agreement
between Charter (through its affiliate, Charter Communications Operating, LLC) and its carrier
partner (Confidential Exhibit A or "Carrier Agreement"). The Application and Carrier Agreement
are sent to you for filing pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii) of the Commission's Rules.
Charter respectfully requests that, pursuant to Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the
Commission's rules, 47 C.F.R. §§ 0.457 and 0.459, the Commission withhold from public
inspection and accord confidential treatment to the Carrier Agreement. The document contains
trade secrets and commercial, technical and financial information that falls within Exemption 4 of
the Freedom of Information Act ("FOIA"). 1
Exemption 4 of FOIA provides that the public disclosure requirement of the statute "does
not apply to matters that are ... ( 4) trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained
from a person and privileged or confidential. "2 Charter is voluntarily providing this trade secret
and commercial and financial information "of a kind that would not customarily be released to the
public"; therefore, this information is "confidential" under Exemption 4 of FOIA. 3 Moreover,
1 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4).
2 Id.
3 See Critical Mass Energy Project v. NRC, 975 F.2d 871, 879 (D.C. Cir. 1992).

FriendHudakHarris
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
March 14, 2024
Page 2
Charter would suffer substantial competitive harm if the Carrier Agreement was disclosed and if
the identity of its carrier partner was disclosed. 4
In support of this request and pursuant to Section 0.459(b) of the Commission's rules,5
Charter hereby states as follows:
1. IDENTIFICATION OF THE SPECIFIC INFORMATION FOR WHICH
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS SOUGHT6
Charter seeks confidential treatment of the Carrier Agreement, submitted with the
Application as Confidential Exhibit A.
2. DESCRIPTION OF CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO THE SUBMISSION7
The Carrier Agreement is being submitted to the Commission as proof of facilities
readiness, as required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(H) of the Commission's rules.
3. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION IS
COMMERCIAL OR FINANCIAL, OR CONTAINS A TRADE SECRET OR IS
PRIVILEGED8
The information for which Charter seeks confidential treatment contains sensitive
commercial, financial, and technical information as described in Section 0.457( d) of the
Commission's rules.9 The Carrier Agreement contains trade secrets and proprietary commercial
and technical information relating to the manner in which Charter and its carrier partner conduct
network operations.
4. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION
CONCERNS A SERVICE THAT IS SUBJECT TO COMPETITION10
4 See National Parks and Conservation Ass 'n v. Morton, 498 F.2d 765 (D.C. Cir. 1974).
5 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b).
6 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(l).
7 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(2).
8 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(3).
9 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d).
10 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(4).

FriendHudakHarris
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
March 14, 2024
Page 3
The Carrier Agreement provides detailed information relating to commercial and
operational matters that could be used by competitors to the disadvantage of Charter. Disclosure
of Charter's confidential information would cause substantial competitive harm.
5. EXPLANATION OF HOW DISCLOSURE OF THE INFORMATION COULD
RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL COMPETITIVE HARM11
Competitors could use the information in the Carrier Agreement to Charter's detriment as
they would gain access to sensitive and proprietary information about how Charter provides
services as well as about Charter's commercial agreements with others that are not ordinarily
disclosed to the public.
6. IDENTIFICATION OF ANY MEASURES TAKEN BY THE SUBMITTING
PARTY TO PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE12
Charter has made the substance of the Carrier Agreement and the identity of its carrier
partner known only to those employees who have a need to know the subject matter and those
employees are aware of the confidential and sensitive nature of the information. The Carrier
Agreement has not been disclosed by Charter to any non-signatories outside Charter except
pursuant to appropriate confidentiality agreements.
7. IDENTIFICATION OF WHETHER THE INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE TO
THE PUBLIC AND THE EXTENT OF ANY PREVIOUS DISCLOSURE OF THE
INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES13
Charter has not previously disclosed the Carrier Agreement.
8. JUSTIFICATION OF THE PERIOD DURING WHICH THE SUBMITTING
PARTY ASSERTS THAT MATERIAL SHOULD NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE14
Charter requests that the Carrier Agreement be treated as confidential for a period of ten
years. This period is necessary due to the sensitive nature of the information in the Carrier
Agreement.
11 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b )(5).
12 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(6).
13 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(7).
14 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(8).

FriendHudakHarris
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
March 14, 2024
Page 4
9. OTHER INFORMATION THAT CHARTER BELIEVES MAY BE USEFUL IN
ASSESSING WHETHER ITS REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIALITY SHOULD BE
GRANTED15
Under applicable Commission and federal court precedent, the information provided by
Charter on a confidential basis should be shielded from public disclosure. Exemption 4 of FOIA
shields information that is: (1) commercial or financial in nature; (2) obtained from a person
outside government; and (3) privileged or confidential. The commercial and financial information
in question clearly satisfies this test.
Counsel for BHN IP Enabled Services, LLC
15 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(9).

Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
BHN IP Enabled Services, LLC, )
Applicant )
WC Docket No. 23-_____
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of the )
Commission’s Rules
APPLICATION OF BHN IP ENABLED SERVICES, LLC FOR AUTHORIZATION TO
OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
BHN IP Enabled Services, LLC (“BHN”), a provider of interconnected Voice over Internet
Protocol (“VoIP”) service, hereby respectfully requests authorization from the Federal
Communications Commission (“FCC” or “Commission”) for numbering resources pursuant to
Commission rule Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii).1
As set forth in the Commission’s Numbering Order,2 an interconnected VoIP provider may
obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such
authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information
described in Sections 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(A)-(N) of the Commission’s Rules. BHN requests the
Commission grant it such authorization.
BHN provides the following information in support of this application:
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii).
2 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, 30 FCC Rcd. 6839 (2015).
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

1. Company Information (47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(A))
Applicant Name, Address, Telephone Number, and Operating Company Number:
BHN IP Enabled Services, LLC
12405 Powerscourt Drive
St. Louis, Missouri 63131
Tel: (314) 394-9856
Website: www.spectrum.com
Contact Information for Issues Related to Regulatory Requirements, Compliance with
FCC Rules, 911, and Law Enforcement:
Regulatory and Compliance:
Michael R. Moore
GVP Law – Telephone Regulatory
Charter Communications, Inc.
12405 Powerscourt Drive
St. Louis, Missouri 63131
Tel: (314) 394-9007
Email: Michael.Moore@charter.com
911:
John Cummings
Director – Telephone Regulatory
Charter Communications, Inc.
4145 S. Falkenburg Road, Suite 7
Riverview, FL 33578
Tel: (813) 302-0002
Email: John.Cummings@charter.com
Law Enforcement:
Tammy Deloach
Manager – Legal Response Ops Center
Charter Communications, Inc.
12405 Powerscourt Drive
St. Louis, Missouri 63131
Tel: (314) 394-9746
Email: Tammy.Deloach@charter.com
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

2. Acknowledgments (47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(B) & (G))
BHN acknowledges that: (1) grant of the authorization sought by this application is subject
to compliance with applicable Commission numbering rules, numbering authority delegated to the
states, and industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering as applicable to
telecommunications carriers; and (2) BHN must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least thirty days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
3. Service Readiness (47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(H))
BHN intends to provide service using numbers it obtains directly in the states of Florida
and Alabama (LATA 480), although BHN ultimately intends to provide such service in additional
states in its footprint.3
BHN is capable of providing service within sixty days of the numbering resources
activation date. As proof of its facilities readiness, BHN has attached to this application (1) as
Attachment A, an agreement between BHN (through its affiliate, Charter Communications
Operating, LLC) and its carrier partner providing that the carrier partner will host BHN numbers
on its switches and provide PSTN connectivity, which is the subject of a request for confidential
treatment, and (2) as Attachment B, evidence of interconnection agreements between BHN’s
carrier partner and local exchange carriers in Florida and Alabama.
4. Certifications (47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(J), (K) & (M))
BHN hereby certifies to the following:
a. BHN complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution obligations under 47
C.F.R. part 54, subpart H; its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution obligations under
47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii); its North American Numbering Plan and Local Number Portability
3 BHN’s footprint includes service areas in the following states: Alabama, California, Florida, Georgia, Indiana
and Michigan.
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

Administration contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17 and 52.32; its obligations to pay
regulatory fees under 47 C.F.R. § 1.1154; and its 911 obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 9.
b. BHN possesses the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide reliable
service. Indeed, BHN has the superior technical qualifications necessary to provide and maintain
successful operations within its service area. For example, BHN has the capabilities to efficiently
port and place telephone numbers into service and successfully route calls. In particular, the BHN
management team’s lengthy experience with number porting enables it, along with its carrier
partner, to create routing arrangements that seamlessly deliver calls to numbers directly assigned
to BHN. Furthermore, BHN’s personnel have extensive business and network management
experience in communications-related businesses and in serving its targeted customer segments.
These individuals lead a team that is highly qualified to manage BHN’s operations throughout its
service area. The names of BHN’s key management and technical personnel follow:
President and Chief Executive Officer: Christopher Winfrey
President, Product and Technology: Richard DiGeronimo
EVP, Network Operations: Magesh Srinivasan
Chief Financial Officer: Jessica Fischer
EVP, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary: Jamal Haughton
None of the identified personnel are being or have been investigated by the FCC or any law
enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
c. Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §§ 1.2001 and 1.2002, no party to the application is subject
to a denial of Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988.4
5. Acknowledgment (47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(x))
BHN acknowledges that (1) it will maintain the accuracy of all contact information and
certifications in this application and will file a correction with the Commission and each applicable
4 See 21 U.S.C. § 862.
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

state within thirty days of any changes; (2) it will comply with applicable Commission numbering
rules, numbering authority delegated to the states, and industry guidelines and practices regarding
numbering as applicable to telecommunications carriers; (3) it will file requests for numbers with
the relevant state commission(s) at least thirty days before requesting numbers from the
Numbering Administrators; and (4) it will furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact
information to each state commission when requesting numbers in that state.
6. Conclusion
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii) of the Commission’s rules, BHN respectfully requests
the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Michael R. Moore
Michael R. Moore
GVP Law – Telephone Regulatory
Charter Communications, Inc.
12405 Powerscourt Drive
St. Louis, Missouri 63131
(314) 394-9007
Email: Michael.Moore@charter.com
Dated: March 14, 2024
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

ATTACHMENT A
Agreement Between Charter and Carrier Partner
[CONFIDENTIAL – REDACTED IN ITS ENTIRETY]
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

ATTACHMENT B
Agreements Between Carrier Partner and Local Exchange Carriers
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3B30EDD6-5222-4715-ACB2-6CBCAC1CCC41
This Interconnection Agreement is entered into by and between CenturyTel of Alabama, LLC
dba CenturyLink; Gulf Telephone Company dba CenturyLink, (CenturyLink), and Level 3
Communications L.L.C., in its capacity as a certified provider of local wireline
Telecommunications Service, (CLEC). CenturyLink and Level 3 Communications, L.L.C., CLEC
are herein referred to collectively as the “Parties” and each individually as a “Party” provided
however, that even though this Agreement refers to the Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers
(ILECs) doing business as “CenturyLink” by a single name, the terms and provisions of this
Agreement shall apply separately and independently with respect to each of such separate,
legal, entities, not as a collective group, and the exercise, assertion, application, waiver or
enforcement of each and any of the terms, obligations, duties, liabilities, rights, privileges or
other interests embodied in this Agreement by or against any of such ILECs shall pertain, in
each instance, only with respect to a single, individual ILEC, and shall not be deemed to apply
in an aggregate fashion to any of the other ILECs who are signatory parties to this Agreement,
unless mutually agreed upon in a separate written instrument executed by each affected entity.
This Agreement covers services in the State of Alabama (State) and only in areas which both
Parties are certificated.
WHEREAS, the Parties wish to interconnect their local exchange networks for the purposes of
transmission and termination of Local Traffic (as hereinafter defined), so that customers of each
can receive calls that originate on the other’s network and place calls that terminate on the
other’s network; and
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to exchange such traffic and related signaling in a technically
and economically efficient manner at defined and mutually agreed upon Interconnection points;
and
WHEREAS, the Parties wish to set forth terms for the purchase of Interconnection and
exchange of traffic for the provision of Telecommunications Services; and
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual provisions contained herein and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and
without waiving any reservation of rights set forth herein, CenturyLink and CLEC hereby
covenant and agree as follows:
6 8 15 /cjq / Level 3 /AL
Traffic Exchange Agreement (TEA) Template - (v7-1-14) 4

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3B30EDD6-5222-4715-ACB2-6CBCAC1CCC41
7.2 Term. This Agreement shall continue for a period of three (3) years after
execution by both Parties (the “Initial Term), unless terminated earlier in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If neither Party terminates this
Agreement as of the last day of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue in
force and effect on a month-to-month basis unless and until terminated as
provided in this Agreement.
7.2.1 Notwithstanding the above, CenturyLink may terminate this Agreement
after six consecutive months of inactivity on the part of CLEC. Inactivity is
defined as CLEC’s failure, as required in this Agreement, to initiate the
required pre-ordering activities, CLEC’s failure to submit any orders, or
CLEC’s failure to originate or terminate any Local Traffic, absent Force
Majeure.
7.3 Notice of Termination. Either Party may terminate this Agreement effective upon
the expiration of the Initial Term by providing written notice of termination (Notice
of Termination) at least ninety (90) Days prior to the last day of the Initial Term.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement after the Initial Term by providing a
Notice of Termination at least thirty (30) Days prior to the effective date of such
termination.
7.4 Effect on Termination of Negotiating Successor Agreement. If either Party
provides Notice of Termination pursuant to Section 7.3 and, on or before the
noticed date of termination (the “End Date), either Party has requested
negotiation of a new Interconnection agreement, such notice shall be deemed to
constitute a Bona Fide Request to negotiate a replacement agreement for
Interconnection services pursuant to §252 of the Act and this Agreement shall
remain in effect until the earlier of: (a) the effective date of a new Interconnection
agreement between CLEC and CenturyLink; or, (b) one hundred sixty (160) Days
after the requested negotiation or such longer period as may be mutually agreed
upon, in writing, by the Parties, or (c) the issuance of an order (or orders) by the
Commission resolving each issue raised in connection with any arbitration
commenced within the timeframe contemplated in (b) above. If a replacement
agreement has not been reached when the timeframe contemplated in (b) above
expires and neither Party has commenced arbitration, then CenturyLink and
CLEC may mutually agree in writing to continue to operate on a month-to-month
basis under the terms set forth herein, subject to written notice of termination
pursuant to Section 7.3. Should the Parties not agree to continue to operate
under the terms set forth herein after one hundred eighty (180) Days, if either
Party has not initiated Commission arbitration proceedings to resolve disputed terms,
then the provisions of Section 7.5 shall apply. The foregoing shall not apply to
the extent that this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 7.6 or
Section 7.7.
7.5 Termination and Post-Termination Continuation of Services. If either Party
provides Notice of Termination pursuant to Section 7.3 and, by 11:59 p.m.
Central Time on the stated date of termination, neither Party has requested
negotiation of a new Interconnection agreement, (a) this Agreement will
terminate at 11:59 p.m. Central Time on the termination date identified in the
Notice of Termination, and (b) the services and functions being provided by
CenturyLink under this Agreement at the time of termination, including
6 8 15 /cjq / Level 3 /AL
Traffic Exchange Agreement (TEA) Template - (v7-1-14) 20

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3B30EDD6-5222-4715-ACB2-6CBCAC1CCC41
SIGNATURE PAGE
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this Agreement to be executed and
accepted by its duly authorized representatives
Level 3 Communications, L.L.C. CenturyTel of Alabama, LLC dba CenturyLink;
Gulf Telephone Company dba CenturyLink
By: By:
Name : Gary Black Name: L. T. Christensen
Title: VP-Carrier Relations Title: Director – Wholesale Contracts
Date: 6 /12/2015 Date: 6/ 12/2015
6 8 15 /cjq / Level 3 /AL
Traffic Exchange Agreement (TEA) Template - (v7-1-14) 105

AGREEMENT
PREFACE
This Agreement (“Agreement”) shall be deemed effective January 1, 2021 (the “Effective Date”),
between Level 3 Communications, LLC (“Carrier”), a limited liability company organized under the
laws of the Delaware, with offices at 1025 Eldorado Blvd, Broomfield, CO 80021 and Frontier
Communications of the South, LLC (“Frontier”), a limited liability company organized under the
laws of the state of Alabama with offices at 610 Zack Street, Tampa, FL 33602 (Frontier and
Carrier may be referred to hereinafter, each, individually as a “Party”, and, collectively, as the
“Parties”).
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Frontier is a telecommunications company authorized to provide telecommunications services in
the State of Florida; and
Carrier is a telecommunications company authorized by the Commission to provide local
exchange telecommunications services in the State of Florida; and
The Parties have in good faith negotiated, and agreed on local Interconnection terms and
conditions as set forth below; and
In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be
legally bound, pursuant to Section 252 of the Act, Frontier and Carrier hereby covenant and
agree as follows:
1. The Agreement
1.1 This Agreement includes: (a) the Principal Document; (b) the Tariffs of each
Party applicable to the Services that are offered for sale by it in the Principal
Document (which Tariffs are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement
by reference); and, (c) an Order by a Party that has been accepted by the other
Party.
1.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Principal Document (including, but
not limited to, the Pricing Attachment), conflicts among provisions in the Principal
Document, Tariffs, and an Order by a Party that has been accepted by the other
Party, shall be resolved in accordance with the following order of precedence,
where the document identified in subsection “(a)” shall have the highest
precedence: (a) the Principal Document; (b) the Tariffs; and, (c) an Order by a
Party that has been accepted by the other Party. The fact that a provision
appears in the Principal Document but not in a Tariff, or in a Tariff but not in the
Principal Document, shall not be interpreted as, or deemed grounds for finding, a
conflict for the purposes of this Section 1.2.
1.3 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties on the
subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous
agreement, understanding, or representation, on the subject matter hereof, and
neither Party will be bound by any definition, condition, provision, representation,
warranty, covenant or promise other than as expressly stated in this Agreement
or as is contemporaneously or subsequently set forth in writing and executed by
a duly authorized officer or representative of the Party to be bound thereby,
provided, however, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or
otherwise, this Agreement is an amendment, extension and restatement of the
Level 3 Communications, LLC FC South FL
Frontier Comp Agreement-v4.1-042720 6

Parties’ prior interconnection and resale agreement(s) (“Prior Agreement(s)”), if
any, and, as such, this Agreement is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed
to create, a novation or accord and satisfaction with respect to any prior
interconnection or resale agreements and, accordingly, all monetary obligations
of the Parties to one another under any prior interconnection or resale
agreements shall remain in full force and effect and shall constitute monetary
obligations of the Parties under this Agreement (provided, however, that nothing
contained in this Agreement shall convert any claim or debt that would otherwise
constitute a prepetition claim or debt in a bankruptcy case into a post-petition
claim or debt). In connection with the foregoing, Frontier expressly reserves all
of its rights under the Bankruptcy Code and Applicable Law to seek or oppose
any relief in respect of the assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection
of any interconnection or resale agreements between Frontier and Carrier.
2. Term and Termination
2.1 This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and, unless cancelled
or terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof, shall continue in effect
until January 1, 2023 (the “Initial Term”). Thereafter, this Agreement shall
continue in force and effect unless and until cancelled or terminated as provided
in this Agreement.
2.2 Either Carrier or Frontier may terminate this Agreement effective upon the
expiration of the Initial Term or effective upon any date after expiration of the
Initial Term by providing written notice of termination at least ninety (90) days in
advance of the date of termination. If Carrier does not respond to Frontier’s
written notification of the intent to terminate the Agreement, the Agreement will
terminate and not renew at the later of the end of the Initial Term or ninety (90)
days after notice is provided.
2.3 If Carrier or Frontier provides notice of termination pursuant to Section 2.2 and
on or before the proposed date of termination either Carrier or Frontier has
requested negotiation of a new interconnection agreement, unless this
Agreement is cancelled or terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof
(including, but not limited to, pursuant to Section 12), this Agreement shall
remain in effect until the earlier of: (a) the effective date of a new interconnection
agreement between Carrier and Frontier; or, (b) the date one (1) year after the
proposed date of termination.
2.4 Either Party may provide the other Party with at least ninety (90) day’s written
notification of its desire to renegotiate the Agreement at the end of the Initial
Term or any Subsequent Term. If either Party provides the other Party with
written notification to renegotiate this Agreement, the negotiation and arbitration
processes of the Act will be applicable and the date of the notice to negotiate a
successor agreement will be the starting point for the negotiation window under
Section 252 of the Act. If Frontier provides notice of termination pursuant to
Section 2.2, and at least ninety (90) days before the proposed date of termination
either, and Carrier or Frontier has requested negotiation of a new interconnection
agreement, unless this Agreement is cancelled or terminated earlier in
accordance with the terms hereof (including, but not limited to, pursuant to
Section 12), this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of: (a) the
effective date of a new interconnection agreement between Carrier and Frontier;
or, (b) the date one (1) year after the proposed date of termination. The effective
date of a successor interconnection agreement between Carrier and Frontier will
be as of the date of termination of this Agreement. Any changes in rates will
Level 3 Communications, LLC FC South FL
Frontier Comp Agreement-v4.1-042720 7

SIGNATURE PAGE
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of
the Effective Date.
LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS OF THE SOUTH,
LLC
By: G{{a*ry_ eR sB_la:cski gJnrer1:signature}} By: R{{o*de_riceks C_a:mseirgonner2:signature}}
Gary R Black Jr (Jan 19, 2021 11:33 MST) Roderick Cameron (Jan 29, 2021 17:31 EST)
Printed: {G{*a_rey sR_ :Bsligancke rJ1r:fullname}} Printed: Roderick Cameron
Title: {V{*P_ Ceas_rr:iseigr nReerl1a:ttiiotlnes}} Title: VP, Carrier Services
Date: {J{*a_ne 1s9_,: s2i0g2n1er1:date}} Date: {J{*a_ne 2s9_,: s2i0g2n1er2:date}}
Level 3 Communications, LLC FC South FL
Frontier Comp Agreement-v4.1-042720 38

General Terms and Conditions
Page 1
AGREEMENT
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
THIS AGREEMENT is made by and between BellSouth Telecommunications, Inc.,
(BellSouth), a Georgia corporation, and Level 3 Communications, LLC (“Level 3”), a Delaware
limited liability company, and shall be effective on the Effective Date, as defined herein. This
Agreement may refer to either BellSouth or Level 3 or both as a “Party” or “Parties.”
W I T N E S S E T H
WHEREAS, BellSouth is a local exchange telecommunications company authorized
to provide telecommunications services in the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee; and
WHEREAS, Level 3 is or seeks to become a CLEC authorized to provide
telecommunications services in the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee; and
WHEREAS, Level 3 wishes to resell BellSouth’s telecommunications services and
purchase network elements and other services, and, solely in connection therewith, may wish to
utilize collocation space as set forth in Attachment 4 of this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the Parties wish to interconnect their facilities and exchange traffic
pursuant to Sections 251 and 252 of the Act.
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein,
BellSouth and Level 3 agree as follows:
Definitions
In the event a modification occurs pursuant to an effective change in law to the
definitions set forth below in this Agreement during the term of this Agreement,
the Parties will modify the Agreement as provided forth in Section 14.3 of the
Agreement.
Affiliate is defined as a person that (directly or indirectly) owns or controls, is
owned or controlled by, or is under common ownership or control with, another
person. For purposes of this paragraph, the term “own” means to own an equity
interest (or equivalent thereof) of more than 10 percent.
Commission is defined as the appropriate regulatory agency in each state of
BellSouth’s nine-state region (Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee).
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 5 of 840

General Terms and Conditions
Page 3
2.1 The term of this Agreement shall be three years, beginning on the Effective Date
and shall apply to the BellSouth territory in the state(s) of Alabama, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and
Tennessee. Notwithstanding any prior agreement of the Parties, the rates, terms
and conditions of this Agreement shall not be applied retroactively prior to the
Effective Date.
2.2 The Parties agree that by no earlier than two hundred seventy (270) days and no
later than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of this
Agreement, either Party may provide notice of intent to renegotiate, and the
Parties shall commence negotiations for a new agreement to be effective
beginning on the expiration date of this Agreement (Subsequent Agreement).
2.3 If, within one hundred and thirty-five (135) days of commencing the negotiation
referred to in Section 2.2 above, the Parties are unable to negotiate new terms,
conditions and prices for a Subsequent Agreement, either Party may petition the
Commission to establish appropriate terms, conditions and prices for the
Subsequent Agreement pursuant to 47 U.S.C. 252.
2.4 If, as of the expiration of this Agreement, a Subsequent Agreement has not been
executed by the Parties, and the Parties are not yet in arbitration, this Agreement
shall continue on a month-to-month basis while a Subsequent Agreement is
actively being negotiated in good faith or alternatively, a timely petition has been
filed with the respective state public service commission and the Subsequent
Agreement is subject to the respective state Commission arbitration pursuant to
252 of the Act. Upon conversion to a month-to-month term, during such
negotiations, provided that the Parties are not in arbitration, then either Party, in its
discretion, may terminate this Agreement upon sixty (60) days written notice to the
other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agreement cannot be terminated
prior to 180 days after the original expiration date. In the event that BellSouth
terminates this Agreement as provided herein, BellSouth shall continue to provide
services to Level 3 pursuant to (1) the terms, conditions and rates set forth in
BellSouth's standard interconnection agreement then in effect and made available
to CLECs requesting negotiations pursuant to Section 251 of the Act, or (2) an
agreement adopted by Level 3 pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement. Neither
Party shall refuse to provide services to the other Party during the negotiation of
the Subsequent Agreement or the transition from this Agreement to the
Subsequent Agreement.
2.5 In the event that BellSouth’s standard interconnection agreement, or an agreement
adopted by Level 3 under Section 13 becomes effective between the Parties, the
Parties may continue to negotiate a Subsequent Agreement or arbitrate disputed
issues to reach a Subsequent Agreement as set forth in Section 2.3 above, and the
terms of such Subsequent Agreement shall be effective as of the effective date
stated in such Subsequent Agreement and shall not be applied retroactively to the
expiration date of this Agreement unless the Parties agree otherwise.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 7 of 840

CCCS 27 of 840