Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of IPitomy Communications, LLC )
) WC Docket No. 21-
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF IPITOMY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC. FOR AUTHORIZATION TO
OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
IPitomy Communications, LLC. (“IPitomy” or “Company”),1 pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)
0F
of the Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering resources as
described below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order, an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to
provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may
be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section
52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s Rules. IPitomy hereby requests the Commission grant it
that authorization. In support of this Application, IPitomy provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
IPitomy Communications, LLC
8111 Blaikie Court Suite B
Sarasota, FL 34240
Telephone: 941-306-2200
Email: nbranica@ipitomy.com
Website: www.ipitomy.com
1 IPitomy does not have any foreign ownership and is seeking this authority chiefly to comply with
STIR/SHAKEN requirements.
1

Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Nick Branica
IPitomy Communications, LLC
8111 Blaikie Court Suite B
Sarasota, FL 34240
Telephone: 941-306-2200
Email: nbranica@ipitomy.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
IPitomy hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under Section
52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission numbering
rules, as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company hereby also
acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines and practices
regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The numbering resources that
are the subject of this Application will be used to provide interconnected VoIP services initially in
Florida, however the Company anticipates that it will provide interconnected VoIP service nationwide,
and accordingly, will request numbers from the other states in turn after its initial request in Florida.
Accordingly, to the extent required, IPitomy requests the Commission grant it authority to obtain
numbering resources in all states.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
IPitomy acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
IPitomy hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. IPitomy has an agreement in place with a nationally recognized carrier
partner, which has interconnection agreements in effect with all relevant incumbent local exchange
carriers, in order to route traffic. A copy of this agreement is attached as Exhibit A to this Application.
IPitomy respectfully requests this agreement be accorded confidential treatment, pursuant to § 0.459
of the Commission’s rules. IPitomy provides a link to a public website that contains a currently
2

effective interconnection agreement between its carrier partner and an incumbent local exchange
carrier (“ILEC”). Link. IPitomy is also in the process of obtaining an Operating Company Number.
In addition, the Company has a back-office support system with the ability to schedule and
process Local Number Portability (“LNP”) orders from customers, and has staff experienced in handling
number porting requests between itself and other carriers and interconnected VoIP providers.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
IPitomy hereby certifies that it will continue to comply with its Universal Service Fund
contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and
Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17 and 52.32,
its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 C.F.R. § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47
C.F.R., Part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service and is both 911 and CALEA compliant.2 IPitomy partners with Bandwidth.com to
1F
provide E911 services within its network. It is financially stable, led by a managerial team with
substantial operational experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient technical
expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable service.
Nick Branica – Founder and CEO – Mr. Branica started in the telecommunications industry in
1984 developing and marketing products, operator services and billing services for private payphones.
Developed Voice Messaging System and successfully marketed it globally. He was CEO of Comdial
Corporation prior to starting IPitomy. IPitomy leverages years of experience and sales connections
across North America in telecom, software development and services expertise.
2 IPitomy obtains its 911 service capacity from a CLEC as shown in Exhibit A and satisfies its CALEA
obligations by maintaining a cloud based intercept facility where calls can be directed and intercepted
lawfully by law enforcement. All calls in and out of its facilities may be routed to this server when
required for lawful surveillance.
3

Andrew Harrel – Co-Founder and Director of Engineering. Mr. Harrel has been active in
software development since 1996. Has developed a SIP based PBX system as well as implemented
SIP Provider Services. SIP VOIP Provider Services in operation since 2015. He has a complete
understanding of all requirements needed to operate a successful VoIP Service Provider.
None of these individuals is being, or has been, investigated by the Commission or any law
enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
IPitomy hereby certifies that no party to this Application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), IPitomy will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this Application and will file a correction with the Commission and
each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. IPitomy will also furnish accurate regulatory
and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, IPitomy respectfully requests
the Commission grant this Application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
IPitomy Communications, LLC
By /s/ Robert H. Jackson
Robert H. Jackson
Marashlian & Donahue, PLLC
1430 Spring Hill Road
Suite 310
Tysons, VA 22102
703-714-1300
rhj@commlawgroup.com
March 10, 2021
4

Exhibit A
Agreement with Underlying CLEC
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
A copy of the Agreement is filed under seal.
5

DECLARATION
Nick Branica, under penalty of perjury, deposes and states as follows:
1. My name is Nick Branica. I am the President and CEO of IPitomy Communications, LLC.
2. I have reviewed the information set forth in the Company's Application to Obtain
Numbering Resources to which this declaration is attached.
3. The statements set forth in IPitomy's Application are true and correct to the best of my
knowledge, information and belief.
__________________________
Nick Branica
Dated: March 10, 2021
1