Exhibit B
Key Managerial and Technical Personnel
2

CEO/Head of Engineering
Simon Woodhead’s early career was in finance as a fund manager, within what became
Deutsche Bank and Barclays Wealth. Simon had discretion to manage over 40m+ of funds
before age 21, becoming the youngest qualified member of the Securities Institute. Simwood
(https://simwood.com) was founded in 1996 (as 'eSMS': the world's first global gateway
between the Internet and Mobile Phones), and Simon left finance in 1999 to focus on it and a
number of other start-ups, eventually exiting all of them except Simwood by 2005. As CEO
and architect, he shaped the current business of Simwood to be the wholesale voice and
mobile operator it is today. In 2016 he was elected a Director of the London Internet
Exchange (http://www.linx.net), the world's largest member-owned peering exchange
operator. LINX operates peering exchanges across the UK and in North Virginia USA. In
that role he speaks widely at industry events, often around the company's extensive research
on voice fraud and infrastructure.)
COO
Mr. Hadden has more than twenty-five years of experience in the design, development, and
marketing of telecommunications, VoIP, wide-area networking and storage management
products.
As Chief Operating Officer “COO” of Simwood Inc., Mr Hadden is responsible for day to
day operations. Currently Mr. Hadden is involved in achieving IPES status and a 214 in
addition to the current CLEC status Simwood currently holds.
Prior to Simwood Mr. Hadden was responsible for the merger and acquisition of the
independent CLECs. He was responsible for the strategic CLEC portions of the individual
holdings, including TNE Telephone, Inc., focusing on key contractual agreements with Tier 1
carriers such as AT&T, Verizon, Centurylink, and Level 3.
Prior to starting TNE Telephone, Inc., he served as Chairman of the Board and CEO for a
Georgia-based CLEC, Kinloch Telephone, Inc.; Anderson Telephone, Inc., a South Carolina
CLEC; and Carrboro Telephone, Inc., a North Carolina CLEC. Mr. Hadden also cofounded
Vault Telephone, Inc., which is a wholesale telecom solutions provider offering VoIP, SS7,
SMS/800, and LNP.
Around the time of the millennium, Mr. Hadden served as the Chief Network Officer for
Universal Access, Inc., which went public in 2000 with stock symbol “UAXS”. During this
period, Universal Access built out 12 carrier colocation sites and completed CLEC status in 6
States. Hadden was responsible for all carrier interconnections, colocation, network
operations, network monitoring and 24 x 7 Network Operations Centers (NOCs).
Prior to employment with Universal Access, Inc., Mr. Hadden was President of Vaultline,
Inc. in California. Vaultline was one of the first unregulated carriers to operate an OC48
SONET ring around the entire San Francisco Bay Area with what was Pacific Bell at that
time.

Mr. Hadden also cofounded Synergistic Networking Solutions, Inc. in 1993, a software
developing company providing OEMs with innovative storage management software capable
of modular data storage from the desktop environment.
As manager of Intel’s application-specific servers and network products in the early ‘90s, Mr.
Hadden was responsible for assessing market needs and employing strategic product
development.
While with Tecmar, Inc., a data storage and communications product manufacturer, he
developed a series of products including the entire line of ProLine tape backup systems, and
ProServe software, traveling across Europe, and running the “train the trainer” programs to
develop key distributors of Tecmar in Europe.
Recognized as an expert in network disaster prevention and recovery, Mr. Hadden worked
with NASA at its headquarters in Cocoa Beach, Florida, on networking facilities prior to the
testbed for Pre Launch Shuttle sequencing.
Mr. Hadden also served as Technical Editor for Patrick H. Corrigan’s Backing Up NetWare
LANs (M&T Books) and has had articles published in LAN Times, LAN Technology,
NetWare Technical Journal, Computer Technology Review and Computing Canada.
Additionally, he has spoken publicly at trade events such as Interop, NetWorld, Networks
Expo and PC Expo.
Chairman
Grahame Davies has 30+ year’s experience in the telecoms and technology sector, Grahame
has built up several large organizations with tremendous success, Grahame took Demon
internet from 5 to 80 staff in three years, Grahame was Managing Director of Easynet 1992-
95 growing the business to revenues of £70M+ and 350 staff, Grahame has gone on to work
with many businesses in the telecoms space adding structure with many achievements and
accolades.
In his spare time Grahame enjoys running, tennis and running a sheet music business.
Head Of Porting / Head Of Customer Service
Rachel Dowling is a Senior Manager at Simwood. She joined the team in 2011 as first line
support and has progressed through the company to become Head of Porting and a point of
escalation for the Operations Desk. Rachel was involved in setting up Simwood’s first
porting agreements in 2013 and now focuses on number exports and Non-geographic
portability. In addition to this Rachel is responsible for processing and paying supplier
invoices and company Payroll.
In her spare time Rachel enjoys spending time with her young family on their smallholding in
rural Wales.

Head Of Networks
Alex Richards is a Senior Network Engineer who joined the network team at Simwood in
2017. Having previously overseen the running of the core and access network for another UK
ITSP and ISP, Alex oversees the day to day running of Simwood's UK and global network.
Alex enjoys cheesy B-movies and 50s Sci-Fi, and working on his home automation project in
his spare time.
Head of Support
Ross McKillop is Associate Director - A Linux sysadmin / VoIP engineer professionally
working with Simwood as their Head of support. He joined in 2013. Ross has worked for
several Telecoms companies over the past decade, Ross has been involved in building and
testing various networks and platforms for large voice companies. Ross has completed
several in depth expansion projects of the Simwood network to increase our capacity, Ross
also manages the deployment of new numbers and the deployment of our website. Ross can
code many languages and understands the TDM voice world as well as IP.
In his spare time Ross enjoys theatre, family and his dog Roxy
Head of Sales/Marketing and Operations
Frazer Barnett is Head of Sales and Marketing, he has worked in telecoms for 17+ years
starting his career at Virgin Mobile learning his trade as Customer service, moving into
technical support. He then entered the Sales arena moving to a VoIP provider in the South
West of England, rising from cold calling Sales to Sales management leading a team of 15
over a period of 7 years, taking the company from £5M turnover to £7M in a couple of years.
Having joined Simwood 2+ years, Frazer has continued growing the company’s turnover in
similar fashion whilst mentoring and scaling the Operations desk as the company grows from
5 to 15+ employees.
In his spare time he enjoys practicing close-up magic and spending time with his son and
wife to be.