APELA Professional Services, LLC
Complex Telecommunications Consulting
2525 W. Rock Quarry Rd
Buford, GA. 30519
Telephone: 404-519-4096
April 19, 2024
Ms. Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
RE: Request for Confidential Treatment to the Application of Verification Technologies,
LLC which transacts business under the name Plura.ai, for Authorization to Obtain
Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(G) of the Commission’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch,
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Verification
Technologies, LLC; here forward known as (“Verification Technologies, LLC”) hereby
submits its application requesting authorization to obtain numbering resources as an
IPES carrier.
Verification Technologies, LLC respectfully requests that, pursuant to Sections 0.457 and
0.459 of the Commission’s rules, 47 C.F.R. § 0.457 and 0.459, the Commission withhold
from public inspection, Exhibits C&D to this application in its entirety as confidential
because the documents contain trade secrets and commercially sensitive “Pricing”
information that falls within Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act (“FOIA”), 5
U.S.C. § 552(b)(4). The information in Exhibit D is “of a kind that would not customarily
be released to the public” and therefore, this information qualifies for confidential
treatment under FOIA. Verification Technologies, LLC respectfully submits that it would
suffer substantial competitive harm if this information were disclosed.
Exhibit D is accordingly marked with “Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459.”
In support of this request and pursuant to Section 0.459(b) of the Commission’s rules,
Verification Technologies, LLC hereby states as follows:
1. SPECIFIC INFORMATION FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS
SOUGHT PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(1).
Page | 1

Verification Technologies, LLC seeks confidential treatment of Exhibits C&D in its
entirety.
2. CIRCUMSTANCES CAUSING THE SUBMISSION PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(2).
Verification Technologies, LLC is submitting the confidential agreements between
it and its ICA/CLEC partner as proof of Verification Technologies, LLC’ facilities
readiness as required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the Commission’s rules.
3. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION IS
COMMERCIAL OR FINANCIAL, OR CONTAINS A TRADE SECRET OR IS
PRIVILEGED PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(3).
The information for which Verification Technologies, LLC seeks confidential
treatment contains sensitive commercial information “which would customarily be
guarded from competitors” as defined in 47 CFR § 0.457(d)(2). Confidential
Exhibits C&D consists of commercial agreements between Verification
Technologies, LLC and its CLEC partner of which contain proprietary information
concerning Verification Technologies, LLC network, customers, and services.
4. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION
CONCERNS A SERVICE THAT IS SUBJECT TO COMPETITION PURSUANT
TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(4).
Confidential Exhibit D contains information relating to commercial matters that
could be used by competitors to Verification Technologies, LLC disadvantage.
Verification Technologies, LLC has numerous competitors in the
telecommunications industry in which it operates. Detailed commercial information
on operations of the type provided by Verification Technologies, LLC could
compromise its position in this highly competitive industry. Release of this
information would therefore result in substantial competitive harm to Verification
Technologies, LLC.
5. EXPLANATION OF HOW DISCLOSURE OF THE INFORMATION COULD
RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL COMPETITIVE HARM PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(5).
Competitors could use Verification Technologies, LLC proprietary and commercial
information to its detriment as they would gain access to sensitive data about how
Verification Technologies, LLC provides services as well as about Verification
Technologies, LLC commercial agreements with others in the market that are not
normally disclosed to the public.
Page | 2

6. IDENTIFICATION OF ANY MEASURES TAKEN BY THE SUBMITTING
PARTY TO PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 47 CFR
§ 0.459(b)(6).
Verification Technologies, LLC has not distributed the information in Confidential
Exhibit D to the public or any parties within Verification Technologies, LLC or
outside Verification Technologies, LLC except on a need-to-know basis.
7. IDENTIFICATION OF WHETHER THE INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE TO THE
PUBLIC AND THE EXTENT OF ANY PREVIOUS DISCLOSURE OF
THE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(7).
Verification Technologies, LLC deems the information in Exhibit D to be
confidential.
8. JUSTIFICATION OF THE TIME FRAME DURING WHICH THE SUBMITTING
PARTY BELIEVES THAT MATERIAL SHOULD NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(8).
Verification Technologies, LLC requests that Confidential Exhibit D be treated as
confidential for a period of five years. This period is necessary due to the
proprietary nature of the information in Confidential Exhibits C&D.
9. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION THAT Verification Technologies, LLC
BELIEVES MAY BE HELPFUL IN DETERMINING WHETHER ITS REQUEST
FOR CONFIDENTIALITY SHOULD BE GRANTED PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(9).
The information deals with Verification Technologies, LLC proprietary network,
related to current and planned operations, and as such, is commercially sensitive.
If you should have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me at your
convenience at 404-519-4096 or rongrob@apelaprofsvcs.com.
Respectfully submitted,
Ronald J Grob
APELA Professional Services, LLC
Senior Telecommunications Consultant To Verification Technologies, LLC
Page | 3

Before the FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
20554
In the Matter of Verification Technologies, LLC ) WC Docket No. 24- xxxxx
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF Verification Technologies, LLC FOR
AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Verification Technologies, LLC
which transacts business under the name Plura.ai (“Verification Technologies, LLC” or the
“Company”) a wholly owned subsidiary of _____ Redacted ____., hereby submits its
application to obtain numbering resources as described below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order, an Interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon showing that it is authorized
to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such
authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the
information detailed in Section 52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s Rules. Verification
Technologies, LLC hereby requests the Commission grant it such authorization. In support of
this application, Verification Technologies, LLC provides the following information:
xx
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i) A.
§ 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Verification Technologies, LLC, d/b/a Plura.ai
Street: 177 Cassia Way
Suite : B112
City: Henderson
State: NV
ZIP Code: 89014
Executives for Verification Technologies, LLC:
Name: Daniel McKeehan, CTO
Street: 177 Cassia Way
Suite : B112
City: Henderson
State: NV
ZIP Code: 89014
Page | 1

Name: Mathew Beucler, CEO
Street: 177 Cassia Way
Suite : B112
City: Henderson
State: NV
ZIP Code: 89014
General Counsel:
Seth D. Heyman, Esq.
Street: 5938 Priestly Drive
Suite : Suite 102
City: Carlsbad
State: CA
ZIP Code: 92008
Contact for Regulatory Filing, IPES license information, FCC filing information, IPES
general information:
Name: Ronald J. Grob, MISM
Street: 2525 W Rock Quarry Rd
Suite : Red Room
City: Buford
State: GA
ZIP Code: 30519
Email:rongrob@apelaprofsvcs.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Verification Technologies, LLC hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering
resources under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with
applicable Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated
to the states. The Company hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject
to compliance with the state laws, regulations, and registration requirements applicable to
businesses operating in each state where the applicant seeks numbering resources as well as
with industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to
telecommunications carriers. Verification Technologies, LLC intends to offer services
immediately in Nevada, but seeks authority to access numbering resources throughout the
United States.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Verification Technologies, LLC acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the
relevant state commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the
Page | 2

Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Verification Technologies, LLC authenticates its’ capability to provide service within 60 days
of the numbering resources activation date. The Company is managed by long-time
professionals experienced with the telecommunications market and in addition, has a
staff of highly skilled technical and operational employees. Verification Technologies, LLC
has negotiated an Interconnect Agreement with Peerless (InfoBip), Inc. (“Peerless
(InfoBip)”), a Competitive Local Exchange Carrier owned by InfoBip, to serve as Verification
Technologies, LLC’s access homing tandem provider. Peerless (InfoBip) will route and deliver
all local and access traffic (both originating and terminating) to the PSTN for Verification
Technologies, LLC. Verification Technologies, LLC will interconnect with and broadcast
Peerless (InfoBip)’s tandem platforms for the purposes of managing all codes assigned to
Verification Technologies, LLC OCNs. The Interconnect Agreement, which demonstrates the
Company’s access to the platform and capability of Peerless (InfoBip), is attached to this
application as Confidential Exhibit D.
STIR/SHAKEN compliant
Verification Technologies, LLC has fully complied with all applicable STIR/SHAKEN caller
ID authentication and robocall mitigation program requirements and filed a certification in
the Robocall Mitigation Database as required by §§ 64.6301 to 64.6305. The Company
will provide the necessary “KYC” documentation for their customers as required by STI-GA
Authorities. In addition, Verification Technologies, LLC will pass the STIR/SHAKEN
certificate, without modification, to each carrier with which it exchanges call traffic. A copy
of the filed Robocall Mitigation Database documentation is attached as Exhibit A
Spam/Robocall Mitigation and Blocking
Verification Technologies, LLC is committed to providing full support for their customers
concerning Robocall Mitigation and call Blocking where appropriate. The Company
certifies that it will not use the numbers obtained pursuant to an authorization to
knowingly transmit, encourage, assist, or facilitate illegal robocalls, illegal spoofing, or
fraud, in violation of robocall, spoofing, and deceptive telemarketing obligations under §§
64.1200, 64.1604, and 64.6300 et seq. of this chapter, and 16 CFR 310.3(b).
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
• Verification Technologies, LLC hereby certifies that it will comply with its: Universal
Service Fund contribution obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H;
Telecommunications Relay Service contribution obligations under 47 CFR §
64.604(c)(5)(iii); North American Numbering Plan and Local Number Portability
Page | 3

Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32; obligations
to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR §1.1154; and 911 obligations under 47 CFR part
9. Verification Technologies, LLC’s FRN and 499 filer ID are included in Exhibit B.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team with
substantial managerial experience in the private telecommunications and enhanced data
communication services industries, and has sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in
place to provide reliable numbering services. Verification Technologies, LLC’s key
management personnel are identified in attached Exhibit C. None of Verification
Technologies, LLC nor any of the identified personnel are being or have been investigated by
the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any
law, rule, or order, including the Commission’s rules applicable to unlawful robocalls or
unlawful spoofing.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Verification Technologies, LLC hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject
to a denial of Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of
1988,21 U.S.C.§ 862.
H. § 51.914
Verification Technologies, LLC hereby certifies that it complies with the Access Stimulation
rules under § 51.914.
I. 911/988
Verification Technologies, LLC hereby certifies that it complies with its 911 and 988
obligations under part 9 of the relevant chapter. The Company also complies with the
provisions of the Communications Assistance with Law Enforcement Act, 47 U.S.C. 1001 et
seq. (CALEA).
J. § 63.18(h) & (i)
Neither Verification Technologies, LLC nor its parent company_____ Redacted
____., is affiliated with, a foreign carrier, or (b) has any interlocking
directorates with a foreign carrier.
Verification Technologies, LLC is is a wholly-owned subsidiary of (redacted as
confidential) The _____ Redacted ____., (“Ultimate Parent”), a corporation
organized under the laws of the State of Nevada. The following are the only
Page | 4

individuals, each of whom is a citizen of the United States, that beneficially own
33.3 percent (33.3%) of the equity of the Ultimate Parent:
_____ Redacted ____.,
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Verification Technologies, LLC will maintain the
accuracy of all contact information and certifications in this application and will file a correction
with the Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Verification
Technologies, LLC will also furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information
to each state commission when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Verification Technologies, LLC,
respectfully requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain
numbering resources. The undersigned declares, under penalty of perjury pursuant to § 1.16
of this chapter, that all statements in the application and any appendices are true and
accurate.
Respectfully submitted for Verification Technologies, LLC.
Ronald J Grob
Principal Telecommunications Consultant
To Verification Technologies, LLC
APELA Professional Services, INC.
Page | 5

Exhibit A
A1. RoboCall Mitigation Plan
Robocall Mitigation Statement
Verification Technologies, LLC is committed to detecting, avoiding, and blocking robo-dialed traffic. We
follow industry best practices to enable our efforts. Verification Technologies, LLC is an intermediary carrier and
hence our customers do not originate traffic on the Verification Technologies, LLC network. All Verification
Technologies, LLCs’ traffic is originated by small businesses and carriers on other networks and is transited to
Verification Technologies, LLC already signed and “Attested”. Verification Technologies, LLC passes the Token and
Attestation level that is sent by the originating carrier.
Verification Technologies, LLC uses a multi-faceted approach in our mitigation strategy. These include:
1. We know our customers’ businesses and monitor them closely:
a. Enterprise: We verify that the corporate entity and business purpose is legitimate.
b. Telecoms: We verify that telephone numbers are being legitimately used.
c. Use Case: Verify and educate customers regarding vertical, opt-in, and calling practices.
d. Identity: Validate and update CallerID, CNAM, & verified calls.
2. Stir/Shaken
a. We have updated our SIP software to allow the Stir and Shaken tokens/messages to be passed from
the traffic originators to our traffic termination companies. We have completed the Stir/Shaken
testing process and validated that all information is being passed correctly.
b. We partner with vendors that already implemented Stir/Shaken in their network or will have done
so by June 2021.
3. Traceback/USTelecom
a. We actively participate in the Traceback community including the FCC, law enforcement and the
industry traceback consortium.
b. We require all peering customers to be US based, have an active FRN and to be an FCC 499-A
contributor.
4. Audit and monitoring
a. We constantly monitor traffic statistics and metrics such as CPS, ASR, ACD, failure type (SIP Q.850
codes). We have placed Call Blocking and Traffic auditing software in place to alert and block as
much illegal robocalling as possible.
b. We take seriously all FCC Complaints. We investigate these diligently and work directly with
customers to improve their behavior or remove them from our network if their call patterns do not
improve.
At Verification Technologies, LLC we take Robo-call mitigation seriously. We believe our current practices
put us in line with best in class practices; however we continuously look for ways to improve and stay
abreast of new approaches to reduce Robo-calls.
Sincerely,
Daniel McKeehan, CTO
Daniel McKeehan,
Chief Technology Officer
Verification Technologies, LLC

EXHIBIT B
B1.FCC FRN
B2. 499 Filer ID

EXHIBIT C
Company Executives
Matthew Beucler, Chief Executive Officer
Matthew Beucler is a seasoned professional with over two decades of leadership, innovation, and
experience in the telecommunications and contact center industries. A graduate of Orange Coast College,
Matthew is known for his expertise in contact center operations, telecommunications, marketing, and
compliance. What sets him apart is an innate ability to synergize these domains, leading to innovative
services that cater effectively to market demands.
Starting his career as a sales representative for Fax.com, he then moved on to call center management
before achieving more prominent leadership roles in other organizations, first as Marketing Director for
Mocan Media, and then VP of Sales and Marketing for Novca Networks.
In December of 2022, Matthew embarked on a new venture as co-founder and CEO of Verification
Technologies, an innovative telecommunications solutions provider, where he has been responsible for
overseeing every department and single-handedly established the company’s sales and marketing
channels; efforts which helped grow the company to an industry leader in 2023.
Embodying a hands-on approach and a visionary outlook, Matthew Beucler has emerged as an influential
figure in the industry. With a deep understanding of market intricacies and a penchant for innovation, he
continues to inspire and drive forward the narrative of excellence.
Daniel McKeehan, Chief Technology Officer
Daniel McKeehan brings over 20 years of experience in telecommunications technology to bear in his
current role as CTO of Verification Technologies, where his diverse skill set, technical expertise, and
leadership acumen make him an invaluable asset to the company.
In addition to an Associate of Science degree from Western Nevada College, Mr. McKeehan has earned a
comprehensive array of certifications, including Cisco Certified Network Associate, AWS Certified
Developer, Google Associate Cloud Engineer, VMWare Certified Associate, CompTIA A+, and CompTIA
Security+, and is also an expert in multiple programming languages including C#, GO, NodeJS, Python, and
Rust.

As CTO of Verification Technologies, Mr. McKeehan focuses on product development, data security,
compliance, and project management. Prior to joining Verification Technologies, he served as the CEO of
DMC Services, a company specializing in building gaming machines for the horse racing industry.
Seth D. Heyman, Esq., CFO and General Counsel
Seth D. Heyman is a seasoned business and marketing law attorney who brings more than 25 years of
experience to his role as CFO and General Counsel of Verification Technologies.
After graduating from the University of Colorado, Mr. Heyman earned his law degree from the Arizona
State University College of Law and was admitted to the State Bar of Arizona in 1995. Following several
years as a litigation associate at Warnock, MacKinlay & Associates in Phoenix, he relocated to California
after passing the California Bar Exam in January of 1998. He then served as corporate counsel for several
dot.com companies in the San Francisco bay area before establishing his own firm, the Business Law
Center, in 2003.
Over the course of the next decade, Mr. Heyman largely focused his efforts on the rapidly growing
performance marketing industry, where he assisted hundreds of companies to successfully navigate a
heavily regulated and highly litigious business environment. Mr. Heyman developed a high level of
expertise in online, direct mail, TV, radio, telemarketing, and e-mail marketing laws, along with online
promotions, Internet privacy rules, data protection regulations, and similar matters; experience which in
2017 led to the establishment of_____ Redacted ____.,, an industry-leading risk management and
legal compliance company.

Confidential EXHIBIT D
Confidential and Proprietary
C1. Wholesale Master Services Agreement
C2. PSTN Connect Service Schedule ( Dedicated)
C3. Exhibit 1 - PSTN Connect Services
C4. Voice Termination Service Schedule
C5. Schedule A – Unique Codes