Before the FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
20554
In the Matter of EON Telecom, Inc . ) WC Docket No. 20- ________
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF EON TELECOM, .FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN
NUMBERING RESOURCES
EON Telecom, Inc.(“EON Telecom”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the
Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described
below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order, an Interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are
requested. Such authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission
containing the information detailed in Section 52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s
Rules. EON Telecom hereby requests the Commission grant it that authorization. In
support of this application, EON Telecom provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: EON Telecom, INC.
Address: 1329 North State Street, Suite 308
City: Bellingham
State: WA
ZIP Code: 98225
URL: www.eontelecom.com
Executive for EON Telecom:
Name: Dave Ahmadabadi
Address: 1329 North State Street, Suite 308
City: Bellingham
State: WA
ZIP Code: 98225
Phone: 720-641-0350
Page | 1

Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911, and Law Enforcement:
Name: Reza Amiri
Address: 1329 North State Street, Suite 308
City: Bellingham
State: WA
ZIP Code: 98225
Phone: 720-755-5555
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
EON Telecom hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources
under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the
states. The Company hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to
compliance with industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to
telecommunications carriers. EON Telecom intends to offer services immediately in
Washington but seeks authority to access numbering resources throughout the United
States.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
EON Telecom acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
EON Telecom authenticates its’ capability to provide service within 60 days of the
numbering resources activation date. EON Telecom is a recently-established
interconnected VoIP carrier providing voice and network services for small to medium
sized businesses located in the United States. The Company was founded by several
highly experienced telecommunications professionals and in addition, has several highly
skilled technical employees. EON Telecom has negotiated an Interconnect Agreement
with Peerless Networks, a (CLEC) Competitive Local Exchange Carrier, to serve as EON
Telecom’s access homing tandem and to route local and access traffic (both originating
and terminating) to the PSTN. EON Telecom will interconnect with and broadcast
Peerless's tandem platforms for the purposes of managing all codes assigned to EON
Telecom OCNs. The interconnect agreement demonstrating the access to the platform
and capability (Peerless Network) is attached to this application as Confidential Exhibit A.
EON Telecom will be Stir & Shaken compliant and provide protections for their
Page | 2

customers as required by STI-GA Authorities, as well as call labeling and blocking via a
“reputation database”.
In addition, Peerless’s interconnection to the PSTN through it’s MSA/ICA with (Qwest)
LECs is included in Exhibit C. of this filing.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
EON Telecom hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund
contribution obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay
Service contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American
Numbering Plan and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations
under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR §
1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management
team with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has
sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering
services. EON Telecom’s key management and technical personnel are identified in
attached Exhibit B. None of the identified personnel are being or have been investigated
by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply
with any law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
EON Telecom hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988,21 U.S.C.
§ 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), EON Telecom will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this application and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. EON Telecom will
also furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state
commission when requesting numbers in that state.
Page | 3

III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, EON Telecom, respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
Respectfully submitted for EON Telecom,INC.
Ronald J Grob
APELA Professional Services, INC.
Principal Telecommunications Consultant To: EON Telecom, Inc
Page | 4

Confidential Exhibit A
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Separately Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459
EON Telecom,Inc. Interconnect Documents
EON TELECOM LocalTermDOD-Final – Confidential
EON TELECOM MSA Final – Confidential
EON Telecom PSTN Final – Confidential
EON Telecom Transit Final - Confidential
Page | 5

EXHIBIT B
Key Managerial and Technical Personnel
Dave Ahmadabadi’s Biography:
Dave Ahmadabadi has held senior-level positions in Information Technology, Software Design &
Development and Telecommunication industry for more than 20 years. He has developed powerful
organizational teams in several businesses within the Telecom industry that resulted in deploying
Worldwide Telecom Group. He is also expert at system re-engineering, organizational development and
has been consistently recognized with outstanding technical and management performance. He is highly
knowledgeable in voice and data network system design, programming and data management as well as
creating and implementing technical and operational plans and strategies. While developing more than
10 different companies globally, he has become an expert in financial planning, cash flow system design
and development within Telecommunication business industry.
PROFFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Nationwide Telecom Inc. Canada and USA 2000-Present
President & CEO
As the President Of Nationwide Telecom Inc. designed and developed a telecommunication business
model as a local and long distance service provider on a dedicated network following by service
coverage expansion to continental US, Canada and European EMEA countries. Nationwide Telecom
currently provides local and long distance services to consumers and businesses via its several dedicated
retail and marketing front entities on its own proprietary network and business model that is
interconnected with major Telecommunication carriers. Also designed and developed its proprietary
comprehensive switching and billing system for voice and data networks along with ability to integrate
within infrastructure telecom facilities in fixed wireless networks particularly CDMA technology.
Target Business:
 International Long Distance wholesale
 Wholesale Telecom Services
 Carrier Interconnects
 Billing/Switching Platforms
 Telecom Software and Hardware
 IP Interconnects
 Local/LD VOICE Interconnects
 Largest Iran VoIP Route Development and Aggregator
 Nigeria Fixed and Local Wireless Operator
Proud Holding Inc. 2013-Present
President & CEO
As the President Of Proud Holding Inc. designed and developed an ethnic multimedia platform for
Persian community in USA, Canada and Europe. Achieved one million viewer user subscribers by
Page | 6

2017 and ranked as the number one highly visited multimedia site within Persian communities in
USA, Canada and Europe.
Tele1Ten Inc. 2008-Present
President & CEO
As the President Of Tele1Ten Inc. designed and developed a comprehensive telecommunication
business model providing complete one stop solution for all businesses covering all their voice and data
needs. Services includes Hosted PBX, Dedicated PBX, Analog and Digital lines, SIP trunking, Wireless
MVNO, various data services and private networking, complete managed voice and data services all at
a great saving available in the entire North America.
Nikoo Products Inc. 2003-Present
CFO
Designed and developed a retail operation for consumer telecom service products sales and marketing
within USA, Canada and Europe.
Target Business:
 Consumer Retail Long Distance Service (Mainly Iranians)
 Dial Around / Calling Card / OTT
 Operations within USA, Canada and EMEA.
TANIN Communications Inc. 2006-2011
President & CEO
Designed and developed a Fixed Wireless Operator around CDMA solution modified to meet local
country requirements in service standard delivery while maximizing ROI.
Target Business:
 CDMA Voice and Data Infrastructue Network Development as fixed
wireless operator
EDUCATION
MS, Operations Research, University of Industry & Science, 1998
BS, Electrical Engineering, KNT University, 1996
Page | 7

Page | 8

EXHIBIT C
Peerless and Quest Communications Interconnect Agreements
and Amendments
UT-083037- Interconnected VoIP Amendment
UT-083037-Agreement Amendment 1
UT-083037-Order Approving Fully Negotiated
Interconnection Agreement
UT-083037- PeerlessAMD4.
Page | 9