PUBLIC VERSION
April 10, 2019
Via ECFS
Ms. Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Request for Confidential Treatment to Application of NumberBarn, LLC for
Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(G) of
the Commission’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch,
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, NumberBarn, LLC (“NumberBarn”)
hereby submits its application requesting authorization to obtain numbering resources. This filing
includes confidential information. As contemplated by the Commission’s rules, we are filing the public
version electronically and the confidential version via first-class mail.
NumberBarn, respectfully requests that, pursuant to Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the
Commission’s rules, 47 C.F.R. § 0.457 and 0.459, the Commission withhold from public inspection, Exhibit
A to this application in its entirety as confidential because the documents contain trade secrets and
commercially sensitive information that falls within Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act
(“FOIA”), 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4).
The information in Exhibit A is “of a kind that would not customarily be released to the public”
and therefore, this information qualifies for confidential treatment under FOIA. NumberBarn respectfully
submits that it would suffer substantial competitive harm if this information were disclosed. Exhibit A is
accordingly marked with “Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459.”
NumberBarn’s application follows this cover letter.
Respectfully Submitted,
Allison D. Rule
Marashlian & Donahue, PLLC
1420 Spring Hill Road, Suite 401
McLean, VA 2210
(703) 714-1312
adr@commlawgroup.com
Counsel to NumberBarn, LLC

PUBLIC VERSION
Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
NumberBarn, LLC )
Applicant ) WC Docket No. 18-_______
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF NUMBERBARN, LLC FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN
NUMBERING RESOURCES
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R §52.15(g)(3), ,NumberBarn, LLC (“NumberBarn”), a provider of
interconnected voice over Internet Protocol (“IVoIP”) service, hereby respectfully requests
authorization from the Federal Communications Commission (“Commission”) to acquire
telephone numbers directly from the North American Numbering Plan Administrator and the
Pooling Administrator (“Numbering Administrators”).
As set forth in the Commission’s Numbering Order1, an IVoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from Numbering Administrators upon a showing of the provider’s authority
to provide service in the service area for which the numbering resources are requested. In support
of this application, NumberBarn provides the following information.
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: NumberBarn, LLC
Address: P.O. Box 3, Poway, California 92074
1 Number Policies for Modern Communications, 30 FCC Rcd. 6839 (2015).

PUBLIC VERSION
Telephone Number: 858-630-7443
Personnel qualified to address regulatory/Compliance/911 issues:
Matthew Veling
P.O. Box 3
Poway, CA 92074
760-877-8759
mveling@numberbarn.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
NumberBarn hereby acknowledges that: grant of the authorization sought by this
application is subject to compliance with applicable commission numbering rules, numbering
authority delegated to the states, and industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering as
applicable to telecommunications carriers.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
NumberBarn hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant
state commission(s) at least thirty (30) days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
NumberBarn hereby provides its capability to provide service within sixty (60) days of the
numbering resources activation date. NumberBarn has agreements in place with carrier partners
who in turn have interconnection agreement in effect with local exchange carriers.
NumberBarn has served as a VoIP provider since 2014. It maintains well-established
operations and procedures and has experienced personnel to support numbering requests and
routing. NumberBarn will not obtain numbering resources in areas where it does not have direct
PSTN connectivity until it has executed agreements with carrier partners to host NumberBarn
numbers and provide PSTN connectivity.

PUBLIC VERSION
As evidence of its operational readiness to begin providing service within sixty (60) days
of the numbering activation date, attached hereto as confidential Attachment A is an
interconnection agreement between NumberBarn and a local exchange carrier. NumberBarn is
submitting Attachment A separately in accordance with its request for confidential treatment.
E. (47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)-(G))
NumberBarn hereby certifies to the following:
a) NumberBarn complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution obligations
under 47 C.F.R. Part 54, subpart H; its Telecommunications Relay Service
contributions obligations under 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii); its NANP and
LNP administration contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17 and
52.32; its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 C.F.R. § 1.1154; and its
911 obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 9.
b) NumberBarn hereby certifies that it possesses the financial, managerial, and
technical expertise to provide reliable service.
c) Attached hereto as Ex. B are names and biographies of the Companies key
management personnel. NumberBarn states and avers that none of the
identified personnel is being or has been investigated by the Commission, by
any law enforcement, or by any regulator agency for failure to comply with any
law, rule or order.
d) Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §§ 1.2001 and 1.2002, no party to the application is
subject to a denial of Federal benefits pursuant to section 5301 of the Anti-Drug
Abuse Act of 1988.2
2 See 21 U.S.C. §862.

PUBLIC VERSION
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required in 47 C.F.R. §52.15(g)(3)(iv), NumberBarn will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this application, and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within (thirty) 30 days of any changes. NumberBarn will
also furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when
requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s rules, NumberBarn respectfully
requests the Commission to grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources
from Numbering Administrators as an IVoIP provider.
Respectfully submitted this 10 day of April , 2019,
________________________
Allison D. Rule
Marashlian & Donahue, PLLC
1420 Spring Hill Road, Suite 401
McLean, VA 2210
(703) 714-1312
adr@commlawgroup.com
Counsel to NumberBarn, LLC

PUBLIC VERSION
Exhibit A
Interconnection Agreement
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459

PUBLIC VERSION
Exhibit B
Management Biographies
Matthew Veling
An experienced leader and entrepreneur, Matthew has nearly two decades of executive leadership
experience, with over a decade of experience in the telecommunications industry. Matthew has a
deep understanding of telecommunications – from product design, to operations, to regulatory and
tax compliance matters.
A Gallup-Certified Strengths Coach, Matthew builds capacity by connecting people and purpose,
cultivating strengths-based teams, and creating management systems that allow organizations to
flourish.
Matthew has been an integral part of several VoIP and SaaS companies, and understands the
workflows, systems and processes that will be involved as NumberBarn enters the VoIP
Numbering space.
Matthew holds a Bachelor’s Degree from California State University San Marcos, and an M.Div.
from Azusa Pacific University. He has completed graduate studies in Community Development at
Eastern University, and is currently enrolled in the Doctorate of Ministry, Urban
Ministry/Community Development program at Fuller Theological Seminary.
Key roles:
Co-founder and CEO
NumberBarn, LLC
Sep 2014 – present
Matthew is a co-founder of NumberBarn, and he provides executive leadership, product
management, and handles compliance, tax, and regulatory matters.
Strengths Coach & Trainer
Center for Executive Excellence, Inc.
Jan 2015 – Jan 2017
Matthew designed strengths-based programs to improve individual performance, increase
management effectiveness, and produce highly engaged teams.
Co-founder, Product Manager, Cultural Architect
Phone.com, Inc.
Jul 2007 – Jul 2014
Matthew provided product management, product oversight, feature cultivation, and cross-
department integration. He implemented systems and processes to support Phone.com’s VoIP
product.

PUBLIC VERSION
Brian McNeill
An experienced leader, product, and UI/UX expert, Brian has managed on-line brand and user
experience throughout his career, including web site development, communications, and overall
company strategy. He has worked both in telecommunications and in SaaS technology companies
to direct product and feature development decisions, and to identify appropriate web solutions.
With over a decade of telecommunications experience, Brian is well suited to drive product
decisions that work in the VoIP OTT space. He relies on his deep understanding of numbering
issues, including number ordering and porting processes, to help him to create simple and efficient
products and processes.
Key roles:
Co-founder
NumberBarn, LLC
Sep 2014 – present
Brian is a co-founder of NumberBarn, and he provides executive leadership, product management,
and brand management. Brian’s in-depth understanding of telecommunications, especially in the
VoIP OTT space, helps him make product design decisions with simplicity, usability, and
efficiency in mind.
Co-founder, Brand Manager, UI / UX Developer
Phone.com, Inc.
Jul 2007 – Aug 2014
Brian provided product management, product oversight, brand management, and directed UI / UX
during his time at Phone.com. With a deep understanding of the Phone.com products, he created
customer-facing UX, as well as back office systems to support Phone.com’s VoIP product.
Product Manager, Web Director
TierraNet, Inc.
Sep 2005 – May 2012
Brian provided product management, content development, and communication strategy to
TierraNet as it grew to become one of the largest domain registrars. During this time, he honed his
experience in VoIP, SaaS, and scale within the web hosting and telecommunications industries.