Application of Enhanced Communications of Northern New England, Inc. d/b/a Consolidated
Long Distance For Certification As _a VOIP Provider For Direct Access To Numbering
Resources Pursuant To Section 52.15(g)(3) of the Commission's Rules, 47 CFR §52. 15(g)(3)
CERTIFICATION OF MICHAEL SHULTZ
I, MICHAEL SHULTZ, hereby certify as follows:
1. My title is Vice President of Regulatory for Consolidated of Northern New England Inc.
d/b/a Consolidated Communications Long Distance NNE ("Consolidated"). I have
responsibility for meeting Consolidated's external repo1iing requirements to the Federal
Communications Commission ("FCC"), to the Universal Service Administrative
Company ("USAC"), and to each of the state regulatory commissions on behalf of
Consolidated and its affiliates. My current business address is 770 Elm St., Manchester,
NH 03101.
2. Consolidated provides interconnected VoIP service including hosted PBX and SIP
Trunking. Consolidated cunently offers its VoIP service over direct sales channels.
Consolidated has been providing VoIP service for four years. In addition, Consolidated's
affiliates have been providing VoIP service for over 17 years and currently provide
service in 24 states. Consolidated offers VoIP services today using a numbering partner.
If the Petition of Consoidated for ce1iification as a VoIP provider is granted,
Consolidated will continue offering the services it offers today without the need for a
numbering partner. Numbers acquired pursuant to the ce1iification sought by this Petition
would be put into use within sixty ( 60) days.
3. Consolidated complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution obligations under 47
C.F.R. Part 54, Subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its NANP and LNP administration
contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to pay
regulatory fees under 47 C.F.R. § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 C.F.R. Part 9.