151 Southhall Lane, Ste. 450
Maitland, FL 32751
www.inteserra.com
April 30, 2024
Via ECFS Filing
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Secretary, Federal Communications Commission
Washington, DC 20554
Attn: Wireline Competition Bureau
RE: Request for Confidential Treatment of Filing of ALLO Communications LLC; Application of ALLO
Communications LLC for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section
52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules, WC Docket No. 24-
Dear Ms. Dortch,
Pursuant to Section §52.l5(g)(3)(i) of the Commission's Rules,1 ALLO Communications LLC ("ALLO
Communications") hereby submits its Application for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources.
ALLO Communications respectfully requests that, pursuant to Sections §0.457 and §0.459 of the
Commission's Rules,2 the Commission withhold from public inspection and accord confidential treatment
to Exhibit A to the application because that document contains sensitive trade secrets and commercial
information that falls within Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act ("FOIA").3 Moreover, ALLO
Communications would suffer substantial competitive harm if this information were disclosed.
Exhibit A is accordingly marked with the header "SUBJECT TO REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT - NOT
FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION."
In support of this request, ALLO Communications hereby states the following:
1. IDENTIFICATION OF THE SPECIFIC INFORMATION FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS
SOUGHT.
ALLO Communications seeks confidential treatment of Exhibit A to its Application.
2. DESCRIPTION OF CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO THE SUBMISSION.
ALLO Communications is submitting as Exhibit A the agreement between its carrier partner as
proof of ALLO Communications' facilities readiness as required by Section 52. 15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the
Commission's Rules.
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g).
2 47 C.F.R. § 0.457 & §0.459.
3 See 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4). Public disclosure is not required for “trade secrets and commercial or financial
information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential.”

Page 2 of 3
3. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION IS COMMERCIAL OR FINANCIAL,
OR CONTAINS A TRADE SECRET OR IS PRIVILEGED.
The information for which ALLO Communications seeks confidential treatment contains sensitive
commercial information "which would customarily be guarded from competitors". Exhibit A
describes the agreement between ALLO Communications and its carrier partner and contains
proprietary commercial information concerning ALLO Communications' network, customers, and
services.
4. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION CONCERNS A SERVICE THAT IS
SUBJECT TO COMPETITION.
Exhibit A contains information relating to commercial matters which can be used by other
interconnected VoIP providers to compromise ALLO Communications’ position in the highly
competitive interconnected VoIP business sector. Detailed operations and commercial
information of the type provided by ALLO Communications could compromise ALLO
Communications' position in this highly competitive industry. Accordingly, release of this
information would result in substantial competitive harm to ALLO Communications.
5. EXPLANATION OF HOW DISCLOSURE OF THE INFORMATION COULD RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL
COMPETITIVE HARM.
Competitors could use ALLO Communications' proprietary commercial and operational
information to ALLO Communications’ detriment as they would gain access to sensitive
information concerning ALLO Communications’ commercial agreements, as well as information
as to how ALLO Communications provides its services. The prices and terms for the provision of
such services are a substantial differentiator between competing carriers. Therefore, disclosure
of the Carrier Agreement would result in significant competitive harm to ALLO Communications’
carrier partner. This information is not normally disclosed to the public.
6. IDENTIFICATION OF ANY MEASURES TAKEN BY THE SUBMITTING PARTY TO PREVENT
UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE.
ALLO Communications has not distributed the information in Exhibit A to the public; ALLO
Communications is prohibited by contract from publicly disclosing the Carrier Agreement, except
as expressly authorized by the carrier partner.
7. IDENTIFICATION OF WHETHER THE INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE TO THE PUBLIC AND THE
EXTENT OF ANY PREVIOUS DISCLOSURE OF THE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.
ALLO Communications does not believe that the Carrier Agreement is available to the public or
that the Carrier Agreement has ever been disclosed to third parties absent the protection of a
non-disclosure agreement regarding their contents.

Page 3 of 3
8. JUSTIFICATION OF THE PERIOD DURING WHICH THE SUBMITTING PARTY ASSERTS THAT
MATERIAL SHOULD NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE.
ALLO Communications requests that Exhibit A be withheld from public disclosure indefinitely.
ALLO Communications and its carrier partner intend for the Carrier Agreement to remain in effect
indefinitely and therefore any disclosure of the Carrier Agreement or their substance would cause
competitive harm to ALLO Communications’ carrier partner regarding of the timing of the
disclosure.
9. OTHER INFORMATION THAT ALLO COMMUNICATIONS BELIEVES MAY BE USEFUL IN ASSESSING
WHETHER ITS REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIALITY SHOULD BE GRANTED.
The information concerns ALLO Communications' proprietary network information, related to
current and planned commercial and operational information, and as such, is commercially
sensitive.
For the foregoing reasons, ALLO Communications respectfully requests the Carrier Agreement be granted
confidential status and withheld from public inspection.
The $1485 filing fee has been remitted using the CORES fee payment system.
Any questions you may have regarding this filing should be directed to my attention at 470-672-3933 or
via email to nfernandez@inteserra.com. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.
Sincerely,
/s/Nelson Fernandez
Nelson Fernandez
Consultant
tms: FCCv2400
NF/ec

Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
ALLO Communications LLC For )
Authorization to Obtain Numbering ) WC Docket No. 24-________
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF ALLO COMMUNICATIONS LLC
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
ALLO Communications LLC (“ALLO Communications”) pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the
Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described below.
Under the Commission’s Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may be obtained
upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section 52.15.(g)(3)(i)(A)-
(G) of the Commission’s Rules. ALLO Communications hereby requests the Commission grant it that
authorization. In support of this application, ALLO Communications provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: ALLO Communications LLC
Address: 330 S 21st ST
City: Lincoln
State: Nebraska
ZIP Code: 68510
Country: U.S.A.
Telephone: (844) 560-2556
Website: https://www.allocommunications.com/
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015).

Contact for Regulatory Requirements:
Name: Andrew Vinton
Address: 330 S 21st ST
City: Lincoln
State: NE
ZIP Code: 68510
Country: U.S.A.
Telephone: 402-781-4698
E-mail Address: andrew.vinton@allofiber.com
Compliance, 911, and Law Enforcement:
Name: Allison O’Neil
Address: 330 S 21st ST
City: Lincoln
State: NE
ZIP Code: 68510
Country: U.S.A.
Telephone: 308-633-7814
E-mail Address: allison.oneil@allofiber.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
ALLO Communications hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering
resources under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. ALLO
Communications hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The numbering
resources that are the subject of this Application will be used to provide interconnected VoIP services
initially in the state of Nebraska.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
ALLO Communications hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with
the relevant state commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.

D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
ALLO Communications hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days
of the numbering resources activation date.
To demonstrate its facilities’ readiness, ALLO Communications will have the following
resources available at its disposal: a fully integrated back-office support system with the ability to schedule
and process LNP orders from customers and an experienced provisioning department capable of handling
bulk number ports with over 17 years LNP experience. ALLO Communications has an agreement in place
with a carrier partner to route traffic to the ILECs. ALLO Communications has attached to this application,
as Exhibit A, an agreement between ALLO Communications and its carrier partner providing that the
carrier partner will host ALLO Communications’ numbers on its switches and provide connectivity to the
PSTN for inbound calls to ALLO Communications numbers. ALLO Communications has requested
confidential treatment under the Commission’s rules for Exhibit A. Also attached, as Exhibit B, is evidence
of interconnection agreements between ALLO Communications’ carrier partner and the local exchange
carriers in the state of Nebraska.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
ALLO Communications hereby certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund
contribution obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its
obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.

F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
ALLO Communications certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical
expertise to provide reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team
with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry and has sufficient technical
expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services. ALLO Communications’ key
management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the identified personnel are being or have
been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply
with any law, rule, or order.
Key Personnel:
Brad Moline – Chief Executive Officer
Don Schoening – Chief Field Services Officer
Nate Buhrman – Chief Financial Officer
Allison O’Neil – Chief Experience Officer
Todd Heyne - Chief Construction Officer
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
ALLO Communications hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a
denial of Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), ALLO Communications will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this application and will file a correction with the Commission and
each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. ALLO Communications will also furnish accurate
regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting numbers in that
state.

III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, ALLO Communications respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Nelson Fernandez
Nelson Fernandez – Consultant & Technical Implementation Manager
Inteserra, Inc.
(470) 672-3933
nfernandez@inteserra.com
and
Brad Moline - CEO
ALLO Communications LLC
Address: 330 S 21st ST
City: Lincoln
State: NE
ZIP Code: 68510
Country: U.S.A.
brad.moline@allofiber.com
April 30, 2024

Exhibit A
AGREEMENT BETWEEN
ALLO COMMUNICATIONS AND CARRIER PARTNER
(Confidential exhibit submitted separately)

Exhibit B
(for each state listed)
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENTS BY AND
BETWEEN CARRIER PARTNER
AND
CITIZENS TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY OF
NEBRASKA
FOR THE STATE OF NEBRASKA
AND
QWEST CORPORATION COMPANY
FOR THE STATE OF NEBRASKA
AND
WINDSTREAM NEBRASKA, INC.
FOR THE STATE OF NEBRASKA

EIVE
E@
D
AUG 1 2018
NPSC-Comm. DePt.
AGREEMENT FOR
LOCAL INTERCONNECTION
by and between
ONVOY, LLC
'
and
CITIZENS TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY OF NEBRASKA
FOR THE STATE OF
NEBRASKA
,^*

9.
Billing and Payment; Disputed Amounts ..6
12.
Default.. I
19.
Headings....
10
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06.t21B.docx

26. Network Management................... ......'.'..""15
27. Remedies.................. .""""'16
Non-Exclusive
28, Notice of Network Ghanges..... ...................16
29. Notices ..................16
30. Maintenance........... .....""""'17
Ordering and
31. Performance Standards """""17
g2. Customers
Point of Contact for Onvoy .........'...........',,'18
33. Predecessor Agreements ...............' """""'18
g4. Publicity and Use of Trademarks or Service Marks...... .'.""""""""18
35. References. ."""""19
36. Relationship of the Parties ......'..""""""""19
g7. Reservation of Rights'... ......""19
38. ............ .."""""20
Subcontractors
39. Successors and Assigns """"20
40, Survival """"""""'20
41. Taxes.........
'.......".'20
42. Technology Upgrades """"""'22
43. Territory.... """"""22
4. Third Party Beneficiaries..........'...... ....'..""23
45. fthis Section lntentionally Left Blank] """23
46. Obl¡gations......... ...""""'23
252(i)
47. Use of Service "."'23
48. Waiver ...................23
49. Warranties """"""23
50. Withdrawal of Services ...."""'23
SIGNATURE PAGE ..................'25
GLOSSARY .......'....26
1. GeneratRule.......'.... .........'..""'26
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx

2. Definitions
,...........26
ATTACHMENT...............
ADDTTTONAL SERVIGES .........41
1. Calls.
Alternate Bitted ..............41
2. (bX3)
Dialing Parity. Secrion 2Sf ...............41
3. Btankl
flhis Section tntentionaily Left ..........................4i
4. Directory Listing and Directory Distribution................ .....................41
5. Voice Information Service Traffic ..............43
6. Announcements
lntercept and Referral ........................44
7. (OLNS)........
Originating Line Number Screening .....,...M
8. Operatlons Support Systems (OSS) Services ,.............u
9. Rights-of-Way........
Poles, Ducts, Conduits and ...........4g
10. Numbers
Telephone
................4g
11.
Routing for Operator Services and Directory Assistance Traffic.......................S0
12.
Unauthorized Carrier Ghange Gharges ..50
13. Performancê..................
Good Faith
...........51
ATTACHMENT...............
TNTERCONNECTTON ................52
1. General.......
...........S2
2, Points of Interconnection and Trunk Types .................52
3. Arrangements..........
Alternative Interconnection .........56
4, Interconnection.............
lnitiating
...............5g
5.
Transmission and Routing of Telephone Exchange Service Traffic..................5g
6. Traffic Measurement and Billing over lnterconnection Trunks ......5g
7. Reciprocal Gompensation Arrangements pursuant to section 2sr(bX5) of the
4c1..............
...........60
8. Traffic
Other Types of .............62
9. Transmission and Routing of Exchange Access Traffic........ .........62
10. Arrangements.........,......
Meet.Point Billing (MPB) .......62
11. Toll Free Service Access Code (e.g., S00/8BB/877) Traffic ..............65
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 0612 tB.docx ilt

12. Tandem Transit Traffic......... ........."."""""'67
13. Number Resources, Rate Genter Areas and Routing Points .....""'68
14. Joint Network lmplementation and Grooming Process; Forecastin9................69
15. Number Portabitity'Section 25f (BX2).... ...'.""""""""'70
16. Good Faith Performance..............'... """""'72
TRAFFIC EXCHANGE ATTACHMENT............... ...........'..73
1. General....... ."""""73
2. Arrangements With Third Party Tandem Provider 73
Attachment...........
3. lnitiating Traffic Exchange Under This ...-.'........74
4. Traffic Measurement and Billing .........,.....'74
5. Reciprocal Compensation Arrangements Pursuant to Section 25f (bxs) of the
Act.............. .........'.75
6. Other Types of Traffic ..........'..76
7. Toll Free Service Access Code (e.9., 800/888/877) Traffic 77
8. Number Resources, Rate Genter Areas and Routing Points 78
9. Number Portability'Section 251(BX2).... ..........."""""'78
10. Good Faith Performance.....".........'. """""'80
RESALE ATT4CHM8NT............... ...........'....81
1. General....... ..'."""'81
2. Use of Frontier Telecommunications Services """"""81
3. Availability of Frontier Telecommunications Services..... ".""""""82
4. Responsibility for Charges ..............."""""82
5. Operations Matters 82
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS ATTACHMENT .84
1.
2. Frontier's Provision of Network Elements.... 87
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTG 0ô1218.docx IV

J
I
3. Types
Loop Transmission
......g7
4. Line Splitting (also referred to as ,,Loop Sharing',) .........................97
5. Btankl
ffhis Section lntentionatly Left ......9g
6. Sub.Loop
..............98
7. Btankl
flntentionally Left .......101
8. Btank]
flntentionally Left .......101
9. Device........
Network Interface ..................i01
10. Blank]
fthis Section lntentionalty Left ....102
11. Transport...
Dedicated ..........,102
12. Blankl
ffhis Section lntentionally Left ....102
13. Systems
Operations Support ...................102
14.
Availability of other Network Elements on an unbundled Basis 103
15. Elements
Maintenance of Network .,........i04
f 6. Gombinations, Commingling, and Conversions................. ...........104
17. Modifications..................
Routine Network ..................102
18. Charges
Rates and ................10g
19. Performance..................
Good Faith
.........10g
coLLocATtoN ATTACHMENT
.................109
ATTACHMENT
9-1.1 ...............124
1. 9-l-1/89-l-l Arrangements................
.......12t
2. AL|0atabase..................
...,....124
3. Interconnection.............
9-1-1/E9-l-l
........12S
4. 9-1-l/89-l.l Generat
..............i26
5. Performance..................
Good Faith .........i26
ATTACHMENT...............
PR|CTNG ..............127
1. General.......
.,.......'l2T
2.
Frontier Telecommunications Services Provided to Onvoy for Resale pursuant
Attachment
to the Resale ......127
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx v

3. Prices.........
Onvoy ..............:..................."'129
4. Blank]
flhis Sectlon tntentionally Left ....129
5. Regulatory Review of Prices ...............'."'129
ATTACHMENT.........'.....
APPENDTX ATO THE PRICING ................130
EXH|B|T A TO SECTTON 3.,l (F|BER MEET ARRANGEMENT) OF THE INTERCONNECTION
ATTACHM8NT............... ..........136
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx VI

AGREEMENT
PREFACE
This Agreement ("Agreement") shall be deemed effective as of June 30, 2018 (the "Effective Date"),
between Onvoy, LLC ("Onvoy"), a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of
Minnesota, with offices at 10300 6th Avenue North, plymòuth, MN 55441 and citizens
Telecommunications Company of Nebraska, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware ('Frontie/') with offices at 401 Merritt 7, Norwalk, CÍ 06851, (Frontier and Onvoy may be
referred to hereinafter, each, individually as a "Party'', and, collectively, as the "parties,').
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ln consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound,
pursuant to section 252 of the Act, Frontier and onvoy nereby agree as follows:
1.
The Agreement
1.1
This Agreement includes: (a) the Principal Document and (b) the Tariffs of each party
applicable to the Services that are offered for sale by it in the Principal Document (which
Tariffs are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement by reference); anO, 1c¡ an
Order by a Party that has been accepted by the other party.
1'2
Except as othe_rwise expressly provided in the Principal Document (includíng, but not
limited to, the Pricing Attachment), conflicts among provisions in the Principãl Document,
Tariffs, and an Order by a Party that has been accepted by the other Party, shall be
resolved in accordance with the following order of precedence, where the document
identified in subsection "(a)" shall have the highest precedence: (a) the principal
Document; (b)the Taríffs; and, (c) an Order by a Party that has been accepted by the
other Party. The fact that a provision appears in the Príncipal Document but not in a
Tariff, or in a Tariff but not in the Principal Document, shall not be interpreted as, or
deemed grounds for finding, a conflict for the purposes of this Section 1.2.
1'3
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties on the subject
matter hereof, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreement, underétanding,
or representation, on the subject matter hereof, provided, however, notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement or otherwise, this Agreement is an amendment,
extension and restatement of the Parties' prior interconnection and resale agreement(s),
if any, and, as such, this Agreement is not intended to be, nor shall it be con-strued to
create, a novation or accord and satisfaction with respect to any prior interconnection or
resale agreements and, accordingly, all monetary obligations oi the Parties to one
another under any prior interconnection or resale agreements shall remain in full force
and effect and shall constitute monetary obligations of the Parties under this Agreement
(provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement shall convert any-claim or
debt that would otherwise constitute a prepetition claim or debt in a bankruptcy case into
a postpetition claim or debt). ln connection with the foregoing, Frontier expressly
-or
reserves all of its rights under the Bankruptcy Code and Applicable Law to seek
oppose any relief in respect of the assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection
of any interconnection or resale agreements between Frontier and onvoy.
'1.4
Except as otherwise provided in the Principal Document, the Principal Document may not
be waived or modified except by a written document that is signed by the par¡es.
Subject to the requirements of Applicable Law, a Party shall hãve the right to add, modify,
or withdraw, its Tariff(s) at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, tne other party,
2. Term and Termination
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121g.docx

2.1 This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and, unless cancelled or
terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof, shall continue in effect until June
29,2O2O (the "lnitialTerm"). Thereafter, this Agreement shallcontinue in force and effect
unless and until cancelled or terminated as provided in this Agreement.
2.2 Either Onvoy or Frontier may terminate this Agreement effective upon the expiration of
the lnitial Term or effective upon any date after expiration of the lnitial Term by providing
written notice of termination at least ninety (90) days in advance of the date of
termination.
2.9 lf either Onvoy or Frontier provides notice of termination pursuant to Section 2.2 and on
or before the proposed date of termination either Onvoy or Frontier has requested
negotiation of a new interconnection agreement, unless this Agreement is cancelled or
terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof (including, but not limited to,
pursuant to Section 12), this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of: (a)the
effective date of a new interconnection agreement bêtween Onvoy and Frontier; or, (b)
the date one (1) year after the proposed date of termination.
2.4 lf either Onvoy or Frontier provides notice of termination pursuant to Section 2.2 and by
11:59 PM Eastern Time on the proposed date of termination neither Onvoy nor Frontier
has requested negotiation of a new interconnection agreement, (a) this Agreement will
terminate at 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the proposed date of termination, and (b) the
Services being provided under this Agreement at the time of termination will be
terminated, except to the extent that the Purchasing Party has requested that such
Services continue to be provided pursuant to an applicable Tariff or Statement of
Generally Available Terms (SGAT).
3. Glossary and Attachments
The Glossary and the following Attachments are a part of this Agreement:
Additional Services Aftachment
ntercon nection Attachment
I
Traffic Exchange Attachment
Resale Attachment
Network Elements Attachment
Collocation Attachment
9-1-1 Attachment
Pricing Attachment
4. Applicable Law
4.1 The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by
(a) the laws of the United States of America and (b) the laws of the State of Nebraska,
without regard to its conflicts of laws rules. All disputes relating to this Agreement shall
be resolved through the application of such laws'
4.2 Each Party shall remain in compliance with Applicable Law in the course of performing
this Agreement.
4.3 Neither Party shall be liable for any delay or failure in performance by it that results from
requirements of Applicable Law, or acts or failures to act of any governmental entity or
official.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 2

4.4 Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any governmental action that
limits, suspends, cancels, withdraws, or othenryise materially affeits, the notifying Party's
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
4.5 lf any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable under Applicable Law,
such invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any other
provision of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if it did not contain
such invalid or unenforceable provision; provided, that if the invalid or unenforceable
provision is a material provision of this Agreement, or the invalidity or unenforceability
materially affects the rights or obligations of a Party hereunder or the ability of a Party to
perform any material provision of this Agreement, the Parties shall promptly renegotiate
in good faith and amend in writing this Agreement in order to make such mutually
acceptable revisions to this Agreement as may be required in order to conform the
Agreement to Applicable Law.
4.6 lf any legislative, regulatory, judicial or other governmental decision, order, determination
or action, or any change in Applicable Law, materially affects any material provision of
this-Agreement, the rights or obligations of a Party hereunder, or the ability of a Party to
perform any material provision of this Agreement, the Parties shall promptly renegotíate
ln good faith and amend in writing this Agreement in order to make such mutually
acceptable revisions to this Agreement as may be required in order to conform the
Agreement to Applicable Law. lf within thirty (30) days of the effective date of such
decision, determination, action or change, the Parties are unable to agree in writing upon
mutually acceptable revisions to this Agreement, either Party may pursue any remãdies
available to it under this Agreement, at law, in equity, or otherwise, including, but not
limited to, instituting an appropriate proceeding before the commission, the FCC, or a
court of competent jurisdiction, without first pursuing dispute resolution in accordance
with Section 14 of this Agreement.
4.6.1
Notwithstanding section 4.6 above, to the extent Frontier is required by a
change in Applicable Law to provide to Onvoy a Service that is not offered
under this Agreement to onvoy, the terms, conditions and prices for such
Service (including, but not limited to, the terms and conditions defining the
Service and stating when and where the Service will be available and how it
will be used, and terms, conditions and prices for pre-ordering, ordering,
provisioning, repair, maintenance and billing) shall be as provided in an
applicable Frontier Tariff, or, in the absence of an applicable Frontier Tariff, as
mutually agreed by the Parties in a written amendment to the Agreement that,
upon the request of either Party, the Parties shall negotiate in accordance with
the requirements of Section 252 of the Act. ln no event shall Frontier be
required to provide any such Service in the absence of such a Frontier Tariff or
amendment.
4.7 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if, as a result of any
legislative, judícial, regulatory or other governmental decision, order, determinátion or
action, or any change in Applicable Law, Frontier is not required by Applicable Law to
provide any service, payment or benefit, otherwise required to be provided to onvoy
hereunder, then Frontier may discontinue the provision of any such service, paymeñt or
benefit, and Onvoy shall reimburse Frontier for any payment previously made by Frontier
to Onvoy that was not required by Applicable Law. Frontier will providã thirty (3-0) days
prior written notice to Onvoy of any such discontinuance of a Service, unless a different
notice period or different conditions are specified in this Agreement (including, but not
limited to, in the Networks Element Attachment or an applicable Tariff) or Apþlicable Law
for termination of such Service in which event such specified period and/or conditions
shall apply. For the avoidance of any doubt, this Section 4.7 is self-effectuating and no
amendment to this Agreement shall be required to implement it.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 3

5. Assignment
Neither Party may assign this Agreement or any right or interest under this Agreement, nor
delegate any obligation under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the other Party,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Any attempted
assignment or delegation in violation of this Section 5 shall be void and ineffective and constitute
default of this Agreement.
6. Assurance of Payment
6.1 lf an event specified in Section 6.2 occurs, then upon request by Frontier, Onvoy shall, at
any time and from time to time, provide to Frontier adequate assurance of payment of
amounts due (or to become due) to Frontier hereunder. Adequate assurance of payment
is subject to the limitations in Section 6.3.
6,2 Assurance of payment of charges may be requested by Frontier if Onvoy (a) prior to the
Effective Date, has failed to timely pay a bill rendered to Onvoy by Frontier or its
Affiliates, (b) on or after the Effective Date, fails to timely pay a bill rendered to Onvoy by
Frontier or its Affiliates, (c) in Frontier's reasonable judgment, at the Effective Date or at
any time thereafter, is unable to demonstrate that it is creditworthy, or (d) admits its
inaOitity to pay its debts as such debts become due, has commenced a voluntary case (or
has had a case commenced against it) under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any other law
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, composition or adjustment
of debts or the like, has made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to a
receivership or similar proceeding.
6.3 Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the assurance of payment shall consist of, at
Onvoy's election, a cash security deposit or an unconditional, irrevocable standby letter
of credit naming Frontier as the beneficiary thereof and otherwise in form and substance
satisfactory to Frontier from a financial institution acceptable to Frontier, The adequate
assurance of payment shall be in an amount equal to two (2) months anticipated charges
(including, but not limited to, both recurring and non-recurring charges), as reasonably
determined by Frontier, for the Services to be provided by Frontier to Onvoy in
connection with this Agreement. lf Onvoy meets the condition in subsection 6.2(d) above
or has failed to timely pay two or more bills rendered by Frontier or a Frontier Affiliate in
any twelve (12)-month period, Frontier may, at its option, demand (and Onvoy shall
provide) additional assurance of payment, consisting of monthly advanced payments of
estimated charges as reasonably determined by Frontier, with appropriate true-up
against actual billed charges no more frequently than once per Calendar Quarter.
6.4 ntentionally Left Blankl.
fl
6.5 !ntentionally Left Blankl.
o.o Frontier may (but is not obligated to) draw on the assurance of payment upon notice to
Onvoy in respect of any amounts to be paid by Onvoy hereunder that are not paid within
th¡rty (30) days of the date that payment of such amounts is required by this Agreement.
6.7 lf Frontier draws on the assurance of payment, upon request by Frontier, Onvoy shall
provide a replacement or supplemental assurance of payment conforming to the
requirements of Section 6.3.
6.8 Notwithstanding anything else set forth in this Agreement, if Frontier makes a request for
assurance of payment in accordance with the terms of this Section, then Frontier shall
have no obligation thereafter to perform under this Agreement until such time as Onvoy
has provided Frontier with such assurance of payment'
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 4

6.9 The fact that adequate assurance of payment is requested by Frontier hereunder shall in
!o way relieve onvoy from compliance with the requirements of this Agreement
(including, but not limited to, any applicable Tariffs) as to advance payments and
payment for Services, nor constitute a waiver or modification of the terms herein
pertaining to the discontinuance of Services for nonpayment of any amounts payment of
which is required by this Agreement.
7 Audits
7.1 Except as may be otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, either party
("Auditing Party'') may audit the other Party's ("Audited party") books, records,
documents, facilities and systems for the purpose of evaluating the accuracy of the
Audited Party's bills. such audits may be performed once in each calendai year;
provided, however, that audits may be conducted more frequenfly (but no more
frequently than once in each Calendar Quarter) if the immediately preceding audit found
previously uncorrected net inaccuracies in billing in favor of the Audited Party having an
aggregate value of at least $1,000,000.
7,2 The audit shall be performed by independent certified public accountants selected and
paid by the Auditing Party. The accountants shall be reasonably acceptable to the
Audited Party. Príor to commencing the audit, the accountants shall execute an
agreement with the Audited Party in a form reasonably acceptable to the Audited Party
that protects the confidentiality of the information disclosed by the Audited Party to the
accountants. The audit shall take place at a time and place agreed upon by the Parties;
provided, that the Auditing Party may require that the audit commence no later than sixty
(ô0) days after the Auditing Party has given notice of the audit to the Audited Party.
7.3 Each Party shall cooperate fully in any such audit, providing reasonable access at
reasonable times to any and all employees, books, records, documents, facilities and
systems, reasonably necessary to assess the accuracy of the Audited party's bills.
7.4 Audits shall be performed at the Auditing Party's expense, provided that there shall be no
charge for reasonable access to the Audited Party's employees, books, records,
documents, facilities and systems necessary to âssess the accuracy of the Audited
Party's bills.
8.
Authorization
8'1
Citizens Telecommunications Company of Nebraska represents and warrants that it is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware and has full power and authority to execute ánd deliver this Agreement
and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
8'2
Onvoy, LLC represents and warrants that it is a limited liability company duly organized,
valídly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Minñesoia, and has
full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform íts
obligations under this Agreement.
8,3
Onvoy Certification.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Frontíer shall have no obligation
to perform under this Agreement until such time as Onvoy has obtained such FCCand
Commission authorization as may be required by Applicable Law for conducting business
in the State of Nebraska. Onvoy shall not place any Orders under this Agreemént until it
has obtained such authorization. Onvoy shall provide proof of such authorization to
Frontier upon request.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx 5

9. Billing and Payment; Disputed Amounts
9.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Party shall submit to the other
Party on a monthly basis in an itemized form, statement(s) of charges incurred by the
other Party under this Agreement.
9.2 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, payment of amounts billed for Services
provided under this Agreement, whether billed on a monthly basis or as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, shall be due, in immediately available U.S. funds, on the later
of the following dates (the "Due Date"): (a) the due date specified on the billing Party's
statement; or (b)twenty (20) days after the date the statement is received by the billed
Party. Payments shall be transmitted by electronic funds transfer'
9,3 lf any portion of an amount billed by a Party under this Agreement is subject to a good
faith dispute between the Parties, the billed Party shall give notice to the billing Party of
the amounts it disputes ("Disputed Amounts") and include in such notice the specific
details and reasons for disputing each item. A Party may also dispute prospectively with
a single notice a class of charges that it disputes. Notice of a dispute may be given by a
Partyat any time, either before or after an amount is paid, and a Party's payment of an
amount shall not constitute a waiver of such Party's right to subsequently dispute its
obligation to pay such amount or to seek a refund of any amount paid. The billed Party
shall pay by the Due Date all undisputed amounts. Billing disputes shall be subject to the
terms of Section 14, Dispute Resolution.
9.4 Charges due to the billing Party that are not paid by the Due Date, shall be subject to a
late payment charge. The late payment charge shall be in an amount specified by the
billing Party which shall not exceed a rate of one-and-one-half percent (1.5%) of the
overdue amount (including any unpaid previously billed late payment charges) per month,
9.5 Although it is the intent of both Parties to submit timely statements of charges, failure by
either Party to present statements to the other Party in a timely manner shall not
constitute a breach or default, or a waiver of the right to payment of the incurred charges,
by the billing Party under this Agreement. Neither Party shall lnitiate credit claims or bill
the other Party for previously unbilled, under-billed or over'billed charges for Services
that were provided more than two (2) years prior to the applicable lnvoice date or date on
which a credit was claimed.
10. Confidentiality
10.1 As used in this Section 10, "Confidential lnformation" means the following information that
is disclosed by one Party ("Disclosing Party") to the other Party ("Receiving Party") in
connection with, or anticipation of, this Agreement:
.1
10.1 Books, records, documents and other information disclosed in an audit
pursuant to Section 7;
'10.1.2 Any forecasting information provided pursuant to this Agreement;
10.1.3 Customer lnformation (except to the extent that (a) the Customer information is
published in a directory, (b) the Customer information is disclosed through or in
the course of furnishing a Telecommunications Service, such as directory
assistance, operator service, Caller lD or similar service, or LIDB service, or
(c) the Customer to whom the Customer lnformation is related has authorized
the Receiving Party to use and/or disclose the Customer lnformation);
10.1.4 information related to specific facilities or equipment (including, but not limited
to, cable and pair information);
Onvoy Comprehens¡ve ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 6

10.1.5 any information that is in written, graphic, electromagnetic, or other tangible
form, and marked at the time of disclosure as "Confidential" or.proprietary";
and
10'1.6
any informatíon that is communicated orally or visually and declared to the
Receiving Party at the time of disclosure, and by written notice,,with a
statement of the information given to the Receiving Party within ten (10) days
after disclosure, to be "Confidential" or "Proprietary" or any other information
that a reasonable person would obviously understand to be confidential due to
the context of the disclosure or the nature of the information itself.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a Party shall have the right to
refuse to accept receipt of information which the other Party has identified as Cõnfidential
lnformation pursuant to Sections 10.1.5 or 10.1.ô.
10.2 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Receiving party shall:
10.2.1
use the Confidential lnformation received from the Disclosing Party only in
performance of this Agreement; and
10'2.2
usíng the same degree of care that it uses with similar confidential information
of its own (but in no case a degree of care that is less than commercially
reasonable), hold Confidential lnformation received from the Discloslng Party
in confidence and restrict disclosure of the Confidential lnformation solely to
those of the Receiving Party's Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees,
Agents and contractors of the Receiving Party and the Receiving party's
Affiliates, that have a need to receive such Confidential lnformation in order to
perform the Receiving Party's obligations under this Agreement. The
Receiving Party's Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, Agents and
contractors of the Receiving Party and the Receiving Party's Affiliates, shall be
required by the Receiving Party to comply with the provisions of this Section
10 in the same manner as the Receiving Party. The Receiving Party shall be
liable for any failure of the Receiving Party's Affiliates or the directors, officers,
employees, Agents or contractors of the Receiving Party or the Receiving
Party's Affiliates, to comply with the provisions of this Section 10.
10.3 The Receiving Party shall return or destroy all Confidential lnformation received from the
Disclosìng Party, including any copies made by the Receiving party, within thirty (30)
days after a written request by the Disclosing Party is delivered to the Receiving Party,
except for (a) Confidential lnformation that the Receiving Party reasonably requires tó
perform its obligations under thís Agreement, and (b) one copy for archival purposes
only.
10.4 unless otherwise agreed, the obligations of sections 10.2 and 10.3 do not apply to
information that:
10.4.1 was, at the time of receipt, already in the possession of or known to the
Receiving Party free of any obligation of confidentiality and restriction on use;
10.4.2 is or becomes publicly available or known through no breach of this Agreement
by the Receiving Party, the Receiving Party's Affiliates, or the directors,
officers, employees, Agents or contractors of the Receivíng party or the
Receiving Party's Affiliates;
10.4.3 is rightfully received from a third person having no direct or indirect obligation
of confidentiality or restriction on use to the Disclosing party with respect to
such information;
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx

10.4.4 is independently developed by the Receiving Party;
10.4.5 is approved for disclosure or use by written authorization of the Disclosing
Party (including, but not limited to, in this Agreement); or
10.4.6 is required to be disclosed by the Receiving Party pursuant to Applicable Law
(including government or court orders), provided that the Receiving Party shall
have made commercially reasonable efforts to give adequate notice of the
requirement to the Disclosing Party in order to enable the Disclosing Party to
seek protective arrangements.
10.5 Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 10.1 through 10,4, the Receiving Party may
use and disclose Confidential lnformation received from the Disclosing Party to the extent
necessary to enforce the Receiving Party's rights under this Agreement or Applicable
Law. ln making any such disclosure, the Receiving Party shall make reasonable efforts
to preserve the confidentiality and restrict the use of the Confidential lnformation while it
is in the possession of any person to whom it is disclosed, including, but not limited to, by
requesting any governmental entity to whom the Confidential lnformation is disclosed to
treat it as confidential and restrict its use to purposes related to the proceeding pending
before it.
10.6 The Disclosing Party shall retain all of the Disclosing Party's right, title and interest in any
Confidential lnformation disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party. Except
as othen¡vise expressly provided in this Agreement, no license is granted by this
Agreement with respect to any Confidential lnformation (including, but not limited to,
under any patent, trademark or copyright), nor is any such license to be implied solely by
virtue of the disclosure of Confidential lnformation.
10.7 The provisions of this Section 10 shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any
provisions of Applicable Law, including, but not limited to, 47 U,S,C . 5 222, and are not
intended to constitute a waiver by a Party of any right with regard to the use, or protection
of the confidentiality of, CPNI provided by Applicable Law'
10.8 Each Party's obligations under this Section 10 shall survive expiration, cancellation or
termination of this Agreement.
11. Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
12. Default
lf either Party ("Defaulting Party'') fails to make a payment required by this Agreement (including,
but not limited to, any payment required by Section 9,3 of undisputed amounts to the billing Party)
or materially breaches any other material provision of this Agreement, and such failure or breach
continues for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof from the other Party, the other Party may,
by written notice to the Defaulting Party, (a) suspend the provision of any or all Services
hereunder, or (b) cancel this Agreement and terminate the provision of all Services hereunder.
13. Discontinuance of Service by OnvoY
13.1 lf Onvoy proposes to discontinue, or actually discontinues, its provision of service to all or
substantially all of its Customers, whether voluntarily, as a result of bankruptcy, or for any
other reason, Onvoy shall send written notice of such discontinuance to Frontier, the
Commission, and each of Onvoy's Customers. Onvoy shall provide such notice such
number of days in advance of discontinuance of its service as shall be required by
I
Onvoy Comprehens¡ve ICA NE CTC 061218.docx

Applicable Law. Unless the period for advance notice of discontinuance of service
required by Applicable Law is more than thirty (30) days, to the extent commercially
feasible, Onvoy shall send such notice at least thirty (30) days prior to its discontinúance
of service.
13.2
Such notice must advise each Onvoy Customer that unless action is taken by the Onvoy
Customer to switch to a different carrier prior to Onvoy's proposed discontinuance of
service, the Onvoy Customer wíll be without the service provided by Onvoy to the Onvoy
Customer.
13.3
subject to any limitations under Applicable Law, should an onvoy customer
subsequently become a Frontier Customer, Onvoy shall provide Frontier with all
information necessary for Frontier to establish service for the Onvoy Customer, including,
but not limited to, the Onvoy Customer's billed name, listed name, service address, and
billing address, and the services being provided to the Onvoy Customer.
13.4
Nothing in this Section 13 shall limit Frontier's right to cancel or terminate this Agreement
or suspend provision of Services under this Agreement.
14. Dlspute Resolution
'14.1
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any dispute between the Parties
regarding the interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement or any of its terms shall be
addressed by good faith negotiation between the Parties. To initiate such negotiatíon, a
Party must provide to the other Party written notice of the dispute that includes both a
detailed description of the dispute or alleged nonperformance and the name of an
individual who will serve as the initiating Party's representative in the negotiation. The
other Party shall have ten Buslness Days to designate its own representative in the
negotiation. The Parties' representatives shall meet at least once within forty-five (45)
days after the date of the initiating Party's written notice in an attempt to reaóh a gòod
faith resolution of the dispute. Upon agreement, the Parties' representatives may utilize
other alternative dispute resolution procedures such as private mediation to assist in the
negotiations.
14'2
lf the Parties have been unable to resolve the dispute within forty-five (45) days of the
date of the initiating Party's written notice, either Party may pursue any remedies
available to it under this Agreement, at law, in equity, or otherwise, including, but not
limited to, instituting an appropriate proceeding before the Commission, the FCC, or a
court of competent jurisdiction.
15. Force Majeure
15.1
Neither Party shall be responsible for any delay or failure in performance which results
from causes beyond its reasonable control ("Force Majeure Events"), whether or not
foreseeable by such Party. Such Force Majeure Events include, but are not lim1ed to,
adverse weather conditions, flood, fire, explosion, earthquake, volcanic action, power
failure, embargo, boycott, war, revolution, civil commotion, act of public enemies, labor
unrest (including, but not limited to, strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns, picketing or
boycotts), inability to obtain equipment, parts, software or repairs thereof, acts or
omissions of the other Party, and acts of God.
15.2
lf_a Force Majeure Event occurs, the non-performing Party shall give prompt notification
of its inability to perform to the other Party. During the period that the non-performing
Party is unable to perform, the other Party shall also be excused from performance oÌ its
obligations to the extent such obligations are reciprocal to, or depend upon, the
performance of the non-performing Party that has been prevented by the Force Majeure
Event. The non-performing Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid or
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx I

remove the cause(s) of its non-performance and both Parties shall proceed to perform
once the cause(s) are removed or cease.
15.3 Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 15.1 and 15.2, in no case shall a Force
Majeure Eventèxcuse either Party from an obligation to pay money as required by this
Agreement.
15.4 Nothing in this Agreement shall require the non-performing Party to settle any labor
dispute except aé tne non-performing Party, in its sole discretion, determines appropriate.
16. Forecasts
ln addition to any other forecasts required by this Agreement, upon request by Frontier, Onvoy
shall provide to Érontier forecasts regarding the Services that Onvoy expects to purchase from
Frontier, including, but not limited to, forecasts regarding the types and volumes of Services that
Onvoy expects tõ purchase and the locations where such Services will be purchased.
17 Fraud
Onvoy assumes responsibility for all fraud associated with its Customers and accounts' Frontier
shall bear no responsibility for, and shall have no obligation to investigate or make adjustments to
Onvoy's account in cases of, fraud by Onvoy's Customers or other third parties'
18. Good Faith Performance
The Parties shall act in good faith in their performance of this Agreement. Except as otherwise
expressly stated in this Ãgreement (including, but not limited to, where consent, approval,
agreement or a similar action is stated to be within a Party's sole discretion), where consent,
aþproval, mutual agreement or a similar action is required by any provision of this Agreement,
süäh action shall nõt be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. lf and, to the extent that,
Frontier, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, has not provided in the State of Nebraska a
Service offered under this Agreement, Frontier reserves the right to negotiate in good faith with
Onvoy reasonable terms anð conditions (including, without limitation, rates and implementation
timefåmes) for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such terms and conditions
(including, w¡tfrout limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either Party may utilize the
Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
19. Headings
The headings used in the Principal Document are inserted for convenience of reference only and
are not intended to be a part of or to affect the meaning of the Principal Document.
20 lndemnification
2O.l Each Party ("lndemnifying Party'') shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other
party ("lndemnlfied Party;), the lndemnified Party's Affiliates, and the directors, officers
and ämployees of the lndemnified Party and the lndemnified Party's Affiliates, from and
against any and all Claims that arise out of bodily injury to or death of any person, or
Oãmage to, or destruction or loss of, tangible real and/or personal property of any person,
to the extent such injury, death, damage, destruction or loss, was proximately caused by
the grossly negligeni or intentionally wrongful acts or omissions of the lndemnifying Party,
the indemnifying Party's Affiliates, or the directors, officers, employees, Agents or
contractors (excluding the lndemnified Party) of the lndemnifying Party or the
lndemnifying Party's Affiliates, in connection with this Agreement'
20.2
lndemnification Process'
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 10

20.2.1 As used in this Section 20, "lndemnified person" means a person whom an
lndemnifying Party is obligated to índemnify, defend and/or hold harmless
under Section20.1.
20.2.2 An lndemnifying Party's obligations under section 20.1 shall be conditioned
upon the following:
20.2.3 The lndemnified Person: (a) shall give the lndemnifying party notice of the
claim promptly after becoming aware thereof (including a staiement of facts
known to the lndemnified Person related to the claim ánd an estimate of the
amount thereof); (b) prior to taking any material action with respect to a Third
Party claim, shall consult with the lndemnifying party as to the procedure to be
followed in defending, settling, or compromising the Claim; (c) shall not
consent to any settlement or compromise of a Third party claim without the
written consent of the lndemnifying Party; (d) shall permit the lndemnifying
Party to assume the defense of a Third Party Claim (including, except as -
provided below, the compromise or settlement thereof) at the lndemnifying
Party's own cost and expense, provided, howevêr, that the lndemnified person
shall have the reasonable right to approve the lndemnifying party's choice of
counsel. -
legal
20.2.4 lf the lndemnífied Person fails to comply with section zo.2.g with respect to a
claim, to the extent such failure shall have a material adverse effect upon the
lndemnifying Party, the lndemnifying party shall be relieved of its obligation to
indemnify, defend and hold harmless the lndemnified person with resþect to
such Claim under this Agreement.
20.2.5 Subject to 20.2.6 and 20.2.7, below, the lndemnifying party shail have the
authority to defend and settle any Third party Claim.
20.2.6 with respect to any Third Party claim, the lndemnified person shall be entiiled
to participate with the lndemnifying Party in the defense of the claim if the
claim requests equitable relief or other relief that could affect the rights.of the
lndemnified Person. ln so participating, the lndemnified person srrãlt oe
entítled to employ separate counsel for the defense at the lndemnified
Person's expense. The lndemnified Person shallalso be entiiled to
participate, at its own expense, in the defense of any claim, as to any portion
of the claim as to which it is not entitled to be indemnifled, defended and held
harmless by the lndemnifying Party.
20.2.7 The lndemnifying Party may setfle a Third party claim without the lndemnified
Person's consent if the settlement contains an unconditional release of the
lndemnified Person, does not contain any admission of liability, and otherwise
has no adverse effect on the lndemnified person. ln no othei event shall the
lndemnifying Party settle a Third Party claim or consent to any judgment with
regard to a Third Party Claim without the prior written consent'of thé
lndemnified Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed. ln the event the settlement or judgment requires a contribution from
or affects the rights of an lndemnified Person, the lndemnified person shall
have the right to refuse such settlement or judgment with respect to itself and,
at its own cost and expense, take over the defense against the Third party
Claim, provided that in such event the lndemnifying party shall not be
responsible for, nor shall it be obligated to indemnify or hold harmless the
lndemnified Person against, the Third Party claim for any amount in excess of
such refused settlement or judgment.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121Ldocx 11

20.2.8 The lndemnified Person shall, in all cases, assert any and all provisions in
applicable Tariffs and Customer contracts that limit liability to third persons as
a bar to, or limitation on, any recovery by a third-person claimant.
20.2.9 The lndemnifying Party and the lndemnified Person shall offer each other all
reasonable cooperation and assistance in the defense of any Third Party
Claim.
20.3 Each Party agrees that it will not implead or bring any action against the other Party, the
other Party's Affiliates, or any of the directors, officers or employees of the other Party or
the other Party's Affiliates, based on any claim by any person for personal injury or death
that occurs in the course or scope of employment of such person by the other Party or
the other Party's Affiliate and that arises out of performance of this Agreement.
20.4
Each Party's obligations under this Section 20 shall survive expiration, cancellation or
termination of this Agreement,
21 lnsurance
21.1 Onvoy shall maintain during the term of this Agreement and for a period of two years
thereafter all insurance required to satisfy its obligations under this Agreement (including,
but not limited to, its obligations set forth in Section 20 hereof) and all insurance required
by Applicable Law. The insurance shall be obtained from an insurer having an A.M. Best
insurance rating of at least A-, financial size category Vll or greater. At a minimum and
without limiting the foregoing undertaking, Onvoy shall maintain the following insurance:
21.1.1 Commercial General Liability lnsurance, on an occurrence basis, including but
not limited to, premises-operations, broad form property damage,
products/completed operations, contractual liability, independent contractors,
and personal injury, with limits of at least $2,000,000 combined single limit for
each occurrence.
21.1.2 Commercial Motor Vehicle Liability lnsurance covering all owned, hired and
non-owned vehicles, with limits of at least $2,000,000 combined single limit for
each occurrence.
21.1.3 Excess Liability lnsurance, in the umbrella form, with limits of at least
$10,000,000 combined síngle limit for each occurrence.
21.1.4 Worker's Compensation lnsurance as required by Applicable Law and
Employer's Liability lnsurance with limits of not less than $2,000,000 per
occurrence.
2'l.1.5
All risk property insurance on a full replacement cost basis for all of Onvoy's
real and personal property located at any Collocation site or otherwise located
on or in any Frontier premises (whether owned, leased or otherwise occupied
by Frontier), facility, equipment or right-of-way.
21.2 Any deductibles, self-insured retentions or loss limits ("Retentions") for the foregoing
insurance must be disclosed on the certificates of insurance to be provided to Frontier
pursuant to Sections 21.4 and 21.5, and Frontier reserves the right to reject any such
Retentions in its reasonable discretion. All Retentions shall be the responsibility of
Onvoy.
21.3 Onvoy shall name Frontier and Frontier's Affiliates as additional insureds on the
foregoing liability insurance.
Onvoy Comprehens¡ve ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 12

21'4
Onvoy shall, within two (2) weeks of the Effective Date hereof at the time of each renewal
of, or material change in, Onvoy's insurance policies, and at such other times as Frontier
may reasonably specify, furnish certificates or other proof of the foregoing insurance
reasonably acceptable to Frontier. The certificates or other proof of the foregoing
insurance shall be sent to: Contract Management, Frontier Communications, 7g7g N.
Belt Line Road, MC: S1C74, lrving, TX 25069.
21'5
Onvoy shall require its contractors, if any, that may enter upon the premises or access
the facilities or equipment of Frontier or Frontier's affiliates to maintain insurance in
accordance with Sections 21.1 through 21.3 and, if requested, to furnish Frontier
certificates or other adequate proof of such insurance acceptable to Frontier in
accordance with Section 21.4.
21.6
Failure of Onvoy or Onvoy's contractors to maintain insurance and provide certificates of
insurance as required in Sections 21.1 through 21.5, above, shall be deemed a material
breach of this Agreement.
21'7
Certificates furnished by Onvoy or Onvoy's contractors shall contain a clause stating:
"Citizens Telecommunications Gompany of Nebraska shall be notified in writing at least
thirty (30) days prior to cancellation of, or any material change in, the insurancã,"
22. Intellectual Property
22.1
Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be construed as
granting a license with respect to any patent, copyright, trade name, trademark, service
mark, trade secret or any other intellectual property, now or hereafter owned, controlled
or licensable by either Party. Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, neither Party
may usê any patent, copyrightable materials, trademark, trade name, trade secret or
other intellectual property right, of the other Party except in accordance with the terms of
a separate license agreement between the parties granting such rights.
22.2
Except as stated in Section 22.4, neither Party shall have any obligation to defend,
indemnify or hold harmless, or acquire any license or right for the benefit of,'or owe any
other obligation or have any liability to, the other Party or its Affiliates or Customers
based on or arising from any Third Party Claim alleging or asserting that the provision or
use of any service, facility, arrangement, or software by either Party under this
Agreement, or the performance of any service or method, either alone or in combination
with the other Party, constitutes direct, vicarious or contributory infringement or
inducement to infringe, or misuse or misappropriation of any patent, Copyright, trademark,
trade secret, or any other proprietary or intellectual property right of any Party or third
person. Each Party, however, shall offer to the other reasonable cooperation and
assistance in the defense of any such claim.
22.3
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE
PARTIES AGREE THAT NEITHER PARTY HAS MADE, AND THAT THERE DOES NOT
EXIST, ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, THAT THE USE BY EACH PARTY
OF THE OTHER'S SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT
GIVE RISE TO A CLAIM OF INFRINGEMENT, MISUSE, OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF
ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT.
22.4
Onvoy agrees that the Services provided by Frontier hereunder shall be subject to the
terms, conditions and restrictions contained in any applicable agreements (including, but
not limited to software or other intellectual property license agreements) between Fiontier
and Frontier's vendors. Frontier agrees to advise Onvoy, directly or through a third party,
of any such terms, conditions or restrictions that may limit any Onvoy use õf a Service
provided by Frontier that is otherwise permitted by this Agreement. At Onvoy's written
request, to the extent required by Applicable Law, Frontier will use Frontier's best efforts,
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx 13

as commercially practicable, to obtain intellectual property rights from Frontier's vendor to
allow Onvoy to use the Service in the same manner as Frontier that are coextensive with
Frontier's intellectual property rights, on terms and conditions that are equal in quality to
. the terms and conditions under which Frontier has obtained Frontier's intellectual
property rights. Onvoy shall reimburse Frontier for the cost of obtaining such rights.
23 Joint Work Product
The Principal Document is the joint work product of the Parties, has been negotiated by the
Parties, and shall be fairly interpreted in accordance with its terms. ln the event of any
ambiguities, no inferences shall be drawn against either Party.
24. Law Enforcement
24.1 Each Party may cooperate with law enforcement authorities and national security
authorities to the full extent required or permitted by Applicable Law in matters related to
Services provided by it under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the production
of records, the establishment of new lines or the installation of new services on an
existing line in order to support law enforcement and/or national security operations, and,
the installation of wiretaps, trap-and-trace facilities and equipment, and dialed number
recording facilities and equipment.
24.2 A Party shall not have the obligation to inform the other Party or the Customers of the
other Party of actions taken in cooperating with law enforcement or national security
authorities, except to the extent required by Applicable Law.
24.3 Where a law enforcement or national security request relates to the establishment of
lines (including, but not limited to, lines established to support interception of
communications on other lines), or the installation of other services, facilities or
arrangements, a Party may act to prevent the other Party from obtaining access to
information concerning such lines, services, facilities and arrangements, through
operations support system interfaces.
25. Liability
25.1 As used in this Section 25, "service Failure" means a failure to comply with a direction to
install, restore or terminate Services under this Agreement, a failure to provide Services
under this Agreement, and failures, mistakes, omissions, interruptions, delays, errors,
defects or the like, occurring in the course of the provision of any Services under this
Agreement.
25.2 Except as otherwise stated in Section 25.5, the liability, if any, of a Party, a Party's
Affiliates, and the directors, officers and employees of a Party and a Party's Affiliates, to
the other Party, the other Party's Customers, and to any other person, for Claims arising
out of a Service Failure shall not exceed an amount equal to the pro rata applicable
monthly charge for the Services that are subject to the Service Failure for the period in
which such Service Failure occurs.
25.3 Except as otherwise stated in Section 25.5, a Party, a Party's Affiliates, and the directors,
officers and employees of a Party and a Party's Affiliates, shall not be liable to the other
Party, the other Party's Customers, or to any other person, in connection with this
Agreement (including, but not limited to, in connection with a Service Failure or any
breach, delay or failure in performance, of this Agreement) for special, indirect, incidental,
consequential, reliance, exemplary, punitive, or like damages, including, but not limited
to, damages for lost revenues, profits or savings, or other commercial or economic loss,
even if the person whose liability is excluded by this Section has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 14

25.4
The limitations and exclusions of liability stated in Sections 25.1 through 25.3 shall apply
regardless of the form of a claim or action, whether statutory, in contract, warranty, strict
liability, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence of a party), or othenvise.
25.5
Nothing contained in Sections 25.1 through 25.4 shall exclude or limit liabitity:
25.5.1
under Sections 20, lndemnification, or 41, Taxes.
25'5.2
for any obligation to indemnify, defend and/or hold harmless that a Party may
have under this Agreement,
25'5.3
for damages arising out of or resultíng from bodily injury to or death of any
person, or damage to, or destruction or loss of, tangible real and/or personal
property of any person, or Toxic or Hazardous Substances, to the extent such
damages are otherwise recoverable under Applicable Law;
25'5.4
for a claim for infringement of any patent, copyright, trade name, trade mark,
service mark, or other intellectual property interest;
25.5'5
under Section 258 of the Act or any order of FCC or the Commission
implementing Section 258; or
25'5.6
under the financial incentive or remedy provisions of any service quality plan
required by the FCC or the Commission.
25'6
ln the event that the liability of a Party, a Party's Affiliate, or a director, officer or
employee of a Party or a Party's Affiliate, is limited and/or excluded under both this
Section 25 and a provision of an applicable Tariff, the liability of the Party or other person
shall be limited to the smaller of the amounts for which such Party or other person would
be líable under this Section or the Tariff provision.
25.7
Each Party shall, in its tariffs and other contracts with its Customers, provide that in no
case shall the other Party, the other Party's Affiliates, or the directors, officers or
employees of the other Party or the other Party's Affiliates, be liable to such Customers
or other third-persons for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, reliance,
exemplary, punitive or other damages, arising out of a Service Failure.
26. Network Management
26'1
Coooeration. The Parties will work cooperatively in a commercially reasonable manner
to install and maintain a reliable network, Onvoy and Frontier will exchange appropriate
information (e.9., network ínformation, maintenance contact numbers, escãlat¡bn
procedures, and information required to comply with requirements of law enforcement
and national security agencies) to achieve this desired reliability, ln addition, the Parties
will work cooperatively in a commercially reasonable manner to apply sound network
management principles to alleviate or to prevent traffic congestion and subject to Section
17, to minimize fraud associated with third number billed calls, calling card calls, and
other services related to this Agreement.
26'2
Besoonsibilitv fl¡r Followinq Standards. Each Party recognizes a responsibility to follow
the standards that may be agreed to between the Parties and to employ characteristics
and methods of operation that will not interfere with or impair the service, network or
facilities of the other Party or any third parties connected with or involved direc¡y in the
network or facilities of the other.
26'3
lnterference or lmpairment. lf a Party ("lmpaired Party") reasonably determines that the
services, network, facilities, or methods of operation, of the other Party ("lnterfering -
Party") will or are likely to interfere with or impair the lmpaired Party's provision of
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx 15

services or the operation of the lmpaired Party's network or facilities, the lmpaired Party
may interrupt or suspend any Service provided to the lnterfering Party to the extent
necessary to prevent such interference or impairment, subject to the following:
26.3.1 Except in emergency situations (e.9., situations involving a risk of bodily injury
to persons or damage to tangible property, or an interruption in Customer
service) or as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the lmpaired Party shall
have given the lnterfering Party at least ten (10) days' prior written notice of
the ínterference or impairment or potential interference or impairment and the
need to correct the condition within said time period; and taken other actions, if
any, required by APPlicable Law; and,
26.9.2 Upon correction of the interference or impairment, the lmpaired Party will
promptly restore the interrupted or suspended Service. The lmpaired Party
shall not be obligated to provide an out-of-service credit allowance or other
compensation to the lnterfering Party in connection with the suspended
Service.
26.4 Outaqe Reoair Standard. ln the event of an outage or trouble in any Service being
þroviAeO by a Party hereunder, the Providing Party will follow Frontier's standard
procedures for isolating and clearing the outage or trouble.
27 Non-Exclusive Remedies
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each of the remedies provided under
this Agreement is cumulative and is in addition to any other remedies that may be available under
this Agreement or at law or in equity.
28. Notice of Network Ghanges
lf a Party makes a change in the information necessary for the transmission and routing of
services using that Party's facilities or network, or any other change in its facilities or network that
will mate¡allyaffect the interoperability of its facilities or network with the other Party's facilities or
network, the Party making the change shall publish notice of the change at least ninety (90) days
in advance of such change, and shall use reasonable efforts, as commercially practicable, to
publish such notice at least one hundred eighty (1S0) days in advance of the change; provided,
however, that if an earlier publication of notice of a change is required by Applicable Law
(including, but not limited to, 47 CFR 51.325 through 51.335) notice shall be given at the time
required by Applicable Law.
29. Notices
29.1 Except as otheruvise provided in this Agreement, notices given by one Party to the other
Party under this Agreement:
29.1.1 shallbe in writing;
29j.2 shall be delivered (a) personally, (b) by express delivery service with next
Business Day delivery, (c) by certified or registered U'S. mail, postage prepaid,
or (d) by electronic mail, with a copy delivered in accordance with (a), (b) or
(c), preceding; and
29.1.3 shall be delivered to the following addresses of the Parties:
To Onvoy:
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 0612'l8.docx 16

Onvoy, LLC
General Counsel
Attention: Richard Monto
550 West Adams Street, Suite 900
Chicago, lllinois 60661
Telephone: 312-384-8090
nternet Address: Richard. Monto@inteliouent.com
I
and kvle. bertrand(ôinteliquent.com
To Frontier:
Contract Management
Frontier Communications
7979 N. Belt Line Road, MC: S1C74
lrving, TX 75063
lnternet Address: contract. management@ft r.com
with a copy to:
Frontier Communications
Legal Department - lnterconnection
401 Merritt 7
Nonrualk, CT 06851
or to such other address as either Party shall designate by proper notice.
Notices will be deemed given as of the earlier of (a) where there is personal delivery of
the notice, the date of actual receipt, (b) where the notice is sent via express delivery
service for next Business Day delivery, the next Business Day after the notice is sent,
1c¡
where notice is sent via certified or registered U.S, mail, the date of receípt shown on thé
Postal Service receipt, and (d) where the notice is sent via electronic mail, if the notice is
sent on a Business Day and before 5 PM in the time zone where it is received, on the
date set forth on the telecopy confirmation, or if the notice is sent on a non-Business Day
or if the notice is sent after 5 PM in the time zone where it is received, the next Business
Day after the date set forth on the telecopy confirmation.
Onyoy shall notify Frontier, by written notice pursuant to this Section 29, of any chang-es
in the addresses or other Onvoy contact information identified under Section Z-g,t.S
above.
30 Ordering and Maintenance
Onvoy shall use Frontier's electronic Operations Support System access platforms to submit
Orders and requests for maintenance and repair of Services, and to engage in other pre-ordering,
ordering, provisioning, maintenance and repair transactions. lf Frontier hás not yet deployed an-
electronic capability for Onvoy to perform a pre-ordering, ordering, provisioning, maintenance or
repair, transaction offered by Frontier, Onvoy shall use such other processes ás Frontier has
made available for performing such transaction (including, but not limited, to submission of
Orders by telephonic facsimile transmission and placing trouble reports by voice telephone
transmission).
31 Performance Standards
31.1
Frontier shall provide Services under this Agreement in accordance with the performance
standards required by Applicable Law, including, but not limited to, Section 251(c) of the
Act.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 17

g'1.2 Onvoy shall provide Services under this Agreement in accordance with the performance
standards required by Applicable Law.
32 Point of Contact for Onvoy Customers
92.1 Onvoy shall establish telephone numbers and mailing addresses at which Onvoy
Customers may communicate with Onvoy and shall advise Onvoy Customers of these
telephone numbers and mailing addresses'
92.2 Except as otherwise agreed to by Frontier, Frontier shall have no obligation, and may
decline, to accept a communication from an Onvoy Customer, including, but not limited
to, an Onvoy Customer request for repair or maintenance of a Frontier Service provided
to Onvoy.
33. Predecessor Agreements
33.1 Except as stated in Section 33.2 or as otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties:
33.1.1 Further to the provisions of Section 1 of the General Terms and Conditions of
this Agreement, any prior interconnection or resale agreement between the
Parties for the State of Nebraska pursuant to Section 252 of the Act and in
effect prior to the Effective Date is hereby amended, extended and restated;
and
93¡.2 any Services that were purchased by one Party from the other Party under a
priôr interconnection or resale agreement between the Parties for the State of
Nebraska pursuant to Section 252 of lhe Act and in effect prior to the Effective
Date, shall as of the Effective Date be subject to and purchased under this
Agreement.
gg.2
Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, if a Service purchased by a Party
under a prior interconnection or resale agreement between the Parties pursuant to
Section 252 of the Act was subject to a contractual commitment that it would be
purchased for a period of longer than one month, and such period had not yet expired as
of the Effective Date and the Service had not been terminated prior to the Effective Date,
to the extent not inconsistent with this Agreement, such commitment shall remain in
effect and the Service will be purchased under this Agreement; provided, that if this
Agreement would materially alter the terms of the commitment, either Party may elect to
cancel the commitment.
33.3 lf either Party elects to cancelthe commitment pursuant to the proviso in Section 33.2,
the Purchasing Party shall not be liable for any termination charge that would othen¡vise
have applied. However, if the commitment was cancelled by the Purchasing Party, the
Providing Party shall be entitled to payment from the Purchasing Party of the difference
between the price of the Service that was actually paid by the Purchasing Party under the
commitment and the price of the Service that would have applied if the commitment had
been to purchase the Service only until the time that the commitment was cancelled.
34. Publicity and Use of Trademarks or Service Marks
34.1 A Party, its Affiliates, and their respective contractors and Agents, shall not use the other
Party'é trademarks, service marks, logos or other proprietary trade dress, in connection
with the sale of products or seryices, or in any advertising, press releases, publicity
matters or other promotional materials, unless the other Party has given its written
consent for such use, which consent the other Party may grant or withhold in its sole
discretion.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 18

34.2
Neither Party may imply any direct or indirect affiliation with or sponsorship or
endorsement of it or its services or products by the other party.
34.3
Any violation of this Section 34 shall be considered a material breach of this Agreement.
35. References
35'1
All references to Sections, Appendices and Exhibíts shall be deemed to be references to
Sections, Appendices and Exhibits of this Agreement unless the context shall otherwise
require.
35.2
Unless the context shall otherwise require, any reference to a Tariff, agreement, technical
or other document (including Frontier or third party guides, practices oi handbooks), or
provision of Applicable Law, is to such Tariff, agreement, document, or provision of
Applicable Law, as amended and supplemented from time to time (and, in the case of a
Tariff or provision of Applicable Law, to any successor Tariff or provision).
36. Relationship of the Parties
36'1
The relationship of the Parties under this Agreement shall be that of independent
contractors and nothing herein shall be construed as creating any other relationship
between the Parties.
36.2
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall make either Party the employee of the other,
create a partnership, joint venture, or other similar relationship between the Parties, or
grant to either Party a franchise, distributorship or similar interest.
36'3
Except for provisions herein expressly authorizing a Party to act for another Party,
nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a Party as a legal representative or Agênt of
the other Party, nor shall a Party have the right or authority to assume, create oi incur
any liability or any obligation of any kind, express or implied, against, in the name or on
-by
behalf of the other Party unless otheruvise expressly permitted such other party in
writing, which permission may be granted or withheld by the other Party in its solé
discretion.
36.4
Each Party shall have sole authority and responsibility to hire, fire, compensate,
supervise, and otherwise control its employees, Agents and contractors. Each Party
shall be solely responsible for payment of any Social Security, Federal lnsurance
Contributions Act (FICA), Medicaid or other taxes that it is required by Applicable Law to
pay in conjunction with its employees, Agents and contractors, and for withholding and
remitting to the applicable taxing authorities any taxes that it is required by Applicáble
Law to collect from its employees.
36'5
Except as othenvise expressly provided in this Agreement, no Pañy undertakes to
perform any obligation of the other Party, whether regulatory or contractual, or to assume
any responsibility for the management of the other party's business.
36.6
The relationship of the Parties under this Agreement is a non-exclusive relationship.
37 Reservation of Rights
37.1
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither Party waives, and
each Party hereby expressly reserves, its rights: (a) to appeal or otherwise seek the
reversal of and changes in any arbitration decision associated with this Agreement; (b) to
challenge the lawfulness of this Agreement and any provision of this Agreãment; (c)'to
seek changes in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, changesìn rates, charges
and the services that must be offered) through changes in Applicable Law; (d) to
challenge the lawfulness and propriety of, and to seek to change, any Applica-ble Law,
Onvoy Comprehensivê ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 19

including, but not limited to any rule, regulation, order or decision of the Commission, the
FCC, or a court of applicable jurisdiction; and (e) to collect debts owed to it under any
prior interconnection or resale agreements. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed
to limit or prejudice any position a Party has taken or may take before the Commission,
the FCC, any other state or federal regulatory or legislative bodies, courts of applicable
jurisdiction, or industry fora. The provisions of this Section shall survive the expiration,
cancellation or termination of this Agreement.
37.2 Onvoy acknowledges Onvoy has been advised by Frontier that it is Frontier's position
that this Agreement contains certain provisions which are intended to reflect Applicable
Law and Commission and/or FCC arbitration decisions'
38. Subcontractors
A Party may use a contractor of the Party (including, but not limited to, an Affiliate of the Party) to
perform the Party's obligations under this Agreement; provided, that a Party's use of a contractor
shall not release the Party from any duty or liability to fulfill the Party's obligations under this
Agreement.
39. Successors and Assigns
This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
legal successors and permitted assigns.
40. Survival
The rights, liabilities and obligations of a Party for acts or omissions occurring prior to the
expiraiion, cancellation or termination of this Agreement, the rights, liabilities and obligations of a
Party under any provision of this Agreement regarding confidential information (including but not
limited to, Section 10), indemnification or defense (including, but not limited to, Section 20), or
limitation or exclusion of liability (including, but not limited to, Section 25), and the rights, liabilities
and obligations of a Party under any provision of this Agreement which by its terms or nature is
intended to continue beyond or to be performed after the expiration, cancellation or termination of
this Agreement, shall survive the expiration, cancellation or termination of this Agreement.
41 Taxes
4't.1 ln General. With respect to any purchase of Services under this Agreement, if any
federal, state or local tax, fee, surcharge or other tax-like charge, excluding any tax levied
on property or net income, (a "Tax") is required or permitted by Applicable Law or a Tariff
to be collected from the Purchasing Party by the Providing Party, then (a) the Providing
Party shall bill the Purchasing Party for such Tax, as a separately stated item on the
invoice, (b) the Purchasing Party shall timely remit such Tax to the Providing Party and
(c) the Providing Party shall timely remit such collected Tax to the applicable taxing
authority as and to the extent required by Applicable Law.
41.2 Taxes lmposed on the Providino Partv or Receipts. With respect to any purchase of
Services under this Agreement, if any federal, state or local Tax is imposed by Applicable
Law on the receipts of the Providing Party, and such Applicable Law permits the
Providing Party to exclude certain receipts received from sales to a public utility,
distributor, telephone company, local exchange carrier, telecommunications company or
other communications company ("Telecommunications Company"), such exclusion being
based on the fact that the Purchasing Party is also subject to a tax based upon receipts
("Receipts Tax"), then the Purchasing Party shall pay and remit the Receipts Tax as
required by Applicable Law.
Onvoy Comprehens¡ve ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 20

41.3 Taxes lmposed on Subscriber. With respect to any purchase of Services under this
Agreement that are resold to a third party, if any federal, state or local Tax is imposed by
Applicable Law on the subscriber, end-user, customer or ultimate consumer
("subscribef') in connection with any such purchase, which a Telecommunications
Company is required to impose and/or collect from a Subscriber, or íf any federal, state or
local Tax is imposed on the Providing Party and required by Applicable Law to be passed
through to the Subscriber, then the Purchasing Party (a) shall impose and/or collect such
Tax from the Subscriber and (b) shall timely remit such Tax to the applicable taxing
authority.
41.4 Tax Exemptions and Exemption certificates. lf Applicable Law clearly exempts a
purchase hereunder from a Tax, and if such Applicable Law also provides an exemption
procedure, such as an exemption certificate requirement, then, if the Purchasing Party
complies with such procedure, the Providing Party shall not collect such Tax duiing tire
effective period of such exemption. Such exemption shall be effective upon receipt of the
exemption certificate or affidavit in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 41 .7. lf
Applicable Law clearly exempts a purchase hereunder from a Tax, but does not also
provide an exemption procedure, then the Providing Party shall not collect such Tax if the
Purchasing Party (a) furnishes the Providing Party with a letter signed by an offlcer
requesting such an exemption and citing the provision in the Applicable Law which clearly
allows such exemption and (b) supplíes the Providing Party with an indemnification
agreement, acceptable to the Providing Party, which holds the Providing Party harmless
on an after-tax basis with respect to its forbearing to collect such Tax.
41.5 Liability for Uncollected Tax, lnterest and Penalty.
41.5.1
lf the Providing Party has not received an exemption certificate from the
Purchasing Party and the Providing Party fails to bill the Purchasing Party for
any Tax as required by Section 41.1 , then, as between the Providing Party and
the Purchasing Party, (a) the Purchasing Party shall remain liable for such
unbilled Tax and any ínterest assessed thereon and (b) the Providing Party
shall be liable for any penalty assessed with respect to such unbilled Tax 6y a
taxing authority.
41.5.2
lf the Providing Party properly bills the Purchasing Party for any Tax but the
Purchasing Party fails to remit such Tax to the Providing Party as required by
Section 41.2, then, as between the Providing Party and the Purchasing Party,
the Purchasing Party shall be liable for such uncollected Tax and any intereét
assessed thereon, as well as any penalty assessed with respect to such
uncollected Tax by the applicable taxing authority.
41.5.3
lf the Providing Party does not collect any Tax as required by section 41,i
because the Purchasing Party has provided such providing party with an
exemption certificate tnãt is láter found to be inadequate, iàvalid or
inapplicable by a taxing authority, then, as between the providing party and
the Purchasing Party, the Purchasing Party shall be liable for such uncollected
Tax and any interest assessed thereon, as well as any penalty assessed with
respect to such uncollected Tax by the applicable taxing authority.
41'5'4
lf the Purchasing Party fails to pay the Receipts Tax as required by Section
41.2, then, as between the Providing party and the purchasing party, (a) the
Providing Party shall be liable for any Tax imposed on its receipts and (b) the
Purchasing Party shall be liable for any interest assessed thereon anO äny
penalty assessed upon the Providing party with respect to such rax by the
applicable taxing authority.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx 2'l

41 ,5.5 lf the Purchasing Party fails to impose and/or collect any Tax from Subscribers
as required by Section 41.3, then, as between the Providing Party and the
Purchasing Party, the Purchasing Party shall remain liable for such uncollected
Tax and any interest assessed thereon, as well as any penalty assessed with
respect to such uncollected Tax by the applicable taxing authority. With
respect to any Tax that the Purchasing Party has agreed to pay, or is required
to impose on and/or collect from Subscribers, the Purchasing Party agrees to
indemnify and hold the Providing Party harmless on an after-tax basis for any
costs incurred by the Providing Party as a result of actions taken by the
applicable taxing authority to recover the Tax from the Providing Party due to
the failure of the Purchasing Party to timely pay, or collect and timely remit,
such Tax to such authoritY.
41.6 Audit Cooperation. ln the event either Party is audited by a taxing authority, the other
Party agrees to cooperate fully with the Party being audited in order to respond to any
audit inquiries in a proper and timely manner so that the audit and/or any resulting
controversy may be resolved expeditiously.
41.7 Notices. All notices, affidavits, exemption-certificates or other communications required
or permitted to be given by either Party to the other, for purposes of this Section 41, shall
be made in writing and shall be delivered in person or sent by certified mail, return receipt
requested, or registered mail, or a courier service providing proof of service, and sent to
the addressees set forth in Section 29 as well as to the following:
To Frontier:
Frontier Communications
Tax Department
401 Merritt 7
Norwalk, CT 06851
To Onvoy:
Onvoy, LLC
Tax Department
Attention: Connie LoePke
550 West Adams Street, Suite 900
Chicago, lllinois 60661
Each Party may from time to time designate another address or other addressees by
giving notice in accordance with the terms of this Section. Any notice or other
communication shall be deemed to be given when received.
42. Technology Upgrades
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Frontier shall have the right to deploy,
upgrade, migrate and maintain its network at its discretion. The Parties acknowledge that
Frontier, at its election,,may deploy fiber throughout its network and that such fiber deployment
may inhibit or facilitate Onvoy's ability to provide service using certain technologies. Nothing in
this Agreement shall limit Frontier's ability to modify its network through the incorporation of new
equipment or software or otherwise. Onvoy shall be solely responsible for the cost and activities
associated with accommodating such changes in its own network.
43. Territory
43.1 This Agreement applies to the territory in which Frontier operates as an lncumbent Local
Exchange Carrier in the State of Nebraska. Frontier shall be obligated to provide
Services under this Agreement only within this territory.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 22

43'2
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Frontier may terminate this
Agreement as to a specific operating territory or portion thereof if Frontier sells or
otherwise transfers its operations in such territory or portion thereof to a third-person.
Frontier shall provide Onvoy with at least g0 calendar days prior written notice of such
termination, which shall be effective upon the date specified in the notice.
M.
Third Party Beneficiaries
Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the
Parties and their permitted assigns, and nothing herein shall create or be construed to provide
any third-persons (including, but not limited to, Customers or contractors of a Party) with any
rights (including, but not limited to, any third-party beneficiary rights) hereunder. Except as -
expressly set forth in this Agreement, a Party shall have no liability under this Agreement to the
Customers of the other Party or to any other third person.
45.
ffhis Section Intentionally Left Blank]
46.
252(i) Obligations
To the extent required by Applicable Law, each Party shall comply with Section 252(i) of the Act.
To the extent that the exercise by Onvoy of any rights it may have under Sectio n 2521i) results in
the rearrangement of Services by Frontier, Onvoy shall be solely liable for all costs associated
therewith, as well as for any termination charges associated with the termination of existing
Frontier Services.
47.
Use of Service
Each Party shall make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its Customers comply with
the provisions of this Agreement (íncluding, but not limited to the provisions of applicable Tåriffs)
applicable to the use of Services purchased by it under this Agreement.
48.
Waiver
A failure or delay of either Party to enforce any of thê provis¡ons of this Agreement, or any right or
remedy available under this Agreement or at law or in equity, or to require performance of añy of
the provisions of this Agreement, or to exercise any option which is provided under this
Agreement, shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provisions, rights, remedies or
options.
49.
Warranties
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES OR
RECEIVES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES
PROVIDED, OR TO BE PROVIDED, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE PARTIES
DISCLAIM ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES
WARRANTlESAGAlNSTlNFRlNGEMENT,ANDWARRANTlEsÀnffi
CUSTOM, TRADE USAGE, COURSE OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE, OR OTHERWISE.
50.
Withdrawal of Services
50'1
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, except as otherwise required by
Applicable Law, Frontier may terminate its offering and/or provision of any Service under
this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Onvoy,
50.2
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, except as otherwise required by
Applicable Law, Frontier may with thirty (30) days prior written notice to Onvoy terminaie
any provision of this Agreement that provides for the payment by Frontier to Onvoy of
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 23

compensation related to traffic, including, but not limited to, Reciprocal Compensation
and other types of compensation for termination of traffic delivered by Frontier to Onvoy.
Following such termination, except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, Frontier
shall be obligated to provide compensation to Onvoy related to traffic only to the extent
required by Applicable Law. lf Frontier exercises its right of termination under this
Section, tl"re Parties shall negotiate in good faith appropriate substitute provisions for
compensation related to traffic; provided, however, that except as otherwise voluntarily
agreed by Frontier in writing in its sole discretion, Frontier shall be obligated to provide
cõmpensation to Onvoy related to traffic only to the extent required by Applicable Law. lf
within thirty (30) days after Frontier's notice of termination the Parties are unable to agree
in writing upon mutually acceptable substitute provisions for compensation related to
traffic, either Party may submit their disagreement to dispute resolution in accordance
with Section 14 of this Agreement.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 24

Docustgn Enwtopo tD: 07AA5DBC.829c4Aoo_B2ABôC5EB43883CA
SIGNATURE PAGE
lN WTNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the
Effective Date.
ONVOY, LLC CITIZENS TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY
OF NEBRASKA
ø,?ç>-c
ùyr
V. kxfr^,'rl
By: By:
Printed: ryle v. Bertrand
Prlnted: Mlchael Daniel
Title: VP Procurement MGMT and Ntwk Opt. Tifle: SVp, CanlerServices
è'/?*tz
6/ts/20L8
Date: Date:
Onvoy Comprehsn8lv€ tCA NE CTC 0ôi210 26

GLOSSARY
GeneralRule
1
1.1 The provisions of Sections 1.2 through 1.4 and Section 2 apply with regard to the
Principal Document. Terms used in a Tariff shall have the meanings stated in the Tariff.
1.2
Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, when a term listed in this Glossary is used
in the Principal Document, the term shall have the meaning stated in this Glossary. A
defined term intended to convey the meaning stated in this Glossary is capitalized when
used. Other terms that are capitalized, and not defined in this Glossary or elsewhere in
the Principal Document, shall have the meaning stated ¡n the Act. Additional definitions
that are specific to the matters covered in a particular provision of the Principal Document
may appear in that provision. To the extent that there may be any conflict between a
definition set forth in this Glossary and any definition in a specific provision, the definition
set forth in the specific provision shall control with respect to that provision.
1.3 Unless the context clearly indicates othenvise, any term defined in this Glossary which is
defined or used in the singular shall include the plural, and any term defined in this
Glossary which is defined or used in the plural shall include the singular.
1.4 The words "shall" and "will" are used interchangeably throughout the Principal Document
and the use of either indicates a mandatory requirement. The use of one or the other
shall not confer a different degree of right or obligation for either Party.
2. Definitions
2.1
Act.
The Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. $151 et seq.), as from time to time
amended (including, but not limited to, by the Telecommunications Act of 1996).
2.2
Advanced Services.
As a general matter, shall have the meaning set forth by the FCC.
2.3
Affiliate.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.4 Agent.
An agent or servant.
2.5 Agreement.
This Agreement, as defined in Section 1 of the General Terms and Conditions
2.6 ALI (Automatic Location ldentification) Database.
The emergency services (E9-1-1) database controlled by Frontier containing caller
address/location information including the carrier name, National Emergency Numbering
Administration ("NENA") lD, Call Back Number, and other carrier information used to
process caller location records.
2.7
Ancillary Traffic.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 26

All traffic that is destined for ancillary services, or that may have special billing
requirements, including but not limited to the following: directory assistance,
9-1-1/E9-1-1, operator services (lntraLATA call completion), lntraLATA third party, collect
and calling card, 800/888 database query and LIDB.
2.8 ANI (Automatic Number ldentification).
The signaling parameter that refers to the number transmitted through the network
identifying the billing number of the calling party.
2.9 Applicable Law,
All effective laws, government regulations and government orders, applicable to each
Party's performance of its obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of any
doubt, when used in relation to unbundled Network Elements or combinations of
unbundled Network Elements, the term "Applicable Law" means the Federal Unbundling
Rules.
2.10 ASR (Access Service Request).
An industry standard form, which contains data elements and usage rules used by the
Parties to add, establish, change or disconnect services or trunks for the purposes of
interconnection.
2.1',| ATIS.
The Alliance for Telecommunications lndustry Solutions.
2.12 BFR (Bona Fide Request).
The process described in the Network Element Attachment that prescribes the terms and
conditions relating to a Party's request that the other Party provide a UNE that it is not
otherwise required to provide under the terms of this Agreement.
2.13 Business Day.
Monday through Friday, except for holidays observed by Frontier.
2.14 Calendar Quarter.
January through March, April through June, July through september, or october through
December.
2.15 Calendar Year.
January through December.
2.16 Intentionally Left Blank].
2.17 Call Back Number.
A telephone number that can be used by the PSAP to re-contact the location from which
a 9-1-1/E9-1-1 Call was placed. The telephone number may or may not be the telephone
number of the station used to originate the 9-1-1/Eg-1-1 Call.
2.18
CCS (Common Channel Signaling)
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx 27

A method of transmitting call set-up and network control data over a digital signaling
network separate from the public switched telephone network facilities that carry the
actual voice or data content of the call.
2.19 CentralOffice.
An End Office or Tandem. Sometimes this term is used to refer to a telephone company
building in which switching systems and telephone equipment are installed'
2.20 ilntentionally Left Blankl.
2.21 Claims.
Any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, settlements, judgments, fines, penalties,
liabilities, injuries, damages, lossês, costs (including, but not limited to, court costs), and
expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney's fees).
2.22 CLEC (Competitive Local Exchange Carrier).
Any Local Exchange Carrier other than Frontier that is operating as a Local Exchange
Carrier in the territory in which Frontier operates as an ILEC in the State of Nebraska.
Onvoy is or shortly will become a CLEC.
2.23 GLLI Codes.
Common Language Location ldentifier Codes.
2.24 CMDS (Centralized Message Distribution System).
The billing record and clearing house transport system that LECs use to exchange out
collects and in collects as well as Carrier Access Billing System (CABS) records.
2.25 Commission.
Nebraska Public Service Commission.
2.26 Controlling 9-1 -1 Authority.
The duly authorized state, county or local government agency empowered by law to
oversee the 9-'t-1189-1-1 services, operations and systems within a defined jurisdiction
2.27 CPN (Calling Party Number).
A CCS parameter that identifies the calling party's telephone number.
2.28 CPN I (Custom er Proprietary Network I nform ation).
Shall have the meaning set forth in Section 222 of the Act, 47 U'S'C. 5222.
2.29 Cross Connection.
For a collocation arrangement, the facilities between the collocating Party's equipment
and the equipment or facilities of the housing Party (such as the housing Party's digital
signal cross connect, Main Distribution Frame, or other suitable frame or panel).
2.30 Customer.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 28

A third party residence or business end-user subscriber to Telephone Exchange Services
provided by either of the Parties. For clarity's sake, a customer also includes an
lnterconnected VolP Provider to which Onvoy is providing such lnterconnected VolP
Provider with its underlying network in locations where such lnterconnected VolP
Provider does not have its own network,
2.31 lntentionally Left Blank
2,32 ntentionally Left Blank
I
2.33 Dedicated Transport.
A DS0-, DS1-, or DS3-capacity transmission facility between Frontier switches (as
identified in the LERG) or UNE wire centers, within a LATA, that is dedicated to a
particular end user or carrier. Dedicated Transport is sometimes referred to as dedicated
interoffice facilities ('lOF"). Dedicated Transport does not include any facifity that does
not connect a pair of Frontier UNE Wire Centers.
2.34 Default PSAP.
The PSAP designated by the Controllíng g-1-1 Authority to receive a9-1-11F:9-1-1 Catl
when it is not feasible to route that 9-1-1189-1-1 cail to the Designated psAp.
2.35 Designated PSAP.
The primary PSAP designated by the controlling g-1-1 Authority to receive a
9-1-1/89-1-1 Call based upon the geographic location of the end user.
2.36 Digital Signal Level.
one of several transmission rates in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2,37 Discontinued Facility.
Any facility, element, arrangement or the like that the Federal Unbundling Rules do not
require Frontier to provide on an unbundled basis to Onvoy, whether because the facility
was never subject to an unbundling requirement under the Federal Unbundling Rules,
because the facility by operation of law has ceased or ceases to be subject toãn
unbundling requirement under the Federal unbundling Rules, or otherwise.
2.38 DSO (Digital Signal Level0).
The 64kbps zero-level signal in the time-division multiplex hierarchy,
2.39 DS'l (Digital Signal Level 1).
The 1.544 Mbps first-level sígnal in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2.40 DS1 Dedicated Transport.
Dedicated Transport having a total digital signal speed of 1.S44 Mbps.
2,41 DS3 (Digital Signal Level 3).
The 44.736 Mbps third-level signal in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2.42 DS3 Dedicated Transport.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 29

Dedicated Transport having a total digital signal speed of 44'736 Mbps,
2.43 DS3 Loop.
A digital transmission channel, between the main distribution frame (or its equivalent) in
an end user's serving UNE Wire Center and the demarcation point at the end user
customer's premises, suitable for the transport of isochronous bipolar serial data at a rate
of 44.736 Mbps (the equivalent of 28 DSl channels). This Loop type is more fully
described in Frontier TR72575, as revised from time to time. A DS3 Loop requires the
electronics necessary to provide the D53 transmission rate.
2.44 EMI (Exchange Message lnterface).
Standard used for the interexchange of telecommunications message information
between local exchange carriers and interexchange carriers for billable, non-billable,
sample, settlement and study data. Data is provided between companies via a unique
record layout that contains Customer billing information, account summary and tracking
analysis. EMI format is contained in document SR-320 published by ATIS.
2.45
End Office.
A switching entity that is used for connecting lines to lines or lines to trunks for the
purpose of originating/terminating calls. Sometimes this term is used to refer to a
telephone company building in which switching systems and telephone equipment are
installed.
2.46 Intentionally Left Blank].
2.47 Exchange Access.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.48 Extended Local Calling Scope Arrangement.
An arrangement that provides a Customer a local calling scope (Extended Area Service,
'EAS'), outside of the Customer's basic exchange serving area. Extended Local Calling
Scope Arrangements may be either optional or non-optional. "Optional Extended Local
Calling Scope Arrangement Traffic" is traffic that under an optional Extended Local
Calling Scope Arrangement chosen by the Customer terminates outside of the
Customer's basic exchange serving area.
2.49
FCC.
The Federal Communications Commission.
2.50
FCC lnternet Orders.
The following FCC orders: (a) Order on Remand and Report and Order, ln the Matter of
tmptementation of the Local Competition Provisions in the Telecommunications Act of
1996, Intercarrier Compensation for ISP Bound Traffic, FCC 01 -1 31 , CC Docket Nos. 96-
98 and 99-68, 16 FCC Rcd 9151 (adopted April 18,2001) (hereinafterthe "April 18,2001
FCC lnternet Order"); and, (b) Order on Remand and Report and Order and Further
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, ln the Matter of High-Cost Universal Service Support;
Federal-State Joint Board on lJniversal Service; Lifeline and Link Up; Universal Service
Contribution Methodotogy;Numbering Resource Optimization; lmplementation of the
Local Competition Provisions in the Telecommunications Act of 1996; Developing a
lJnified lntercarrier Compensation Regime; lntercarrier Compensation for ISP'Bound
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx 30

Traffic; lP'Enabled services, Fcc 0s-262, cc Docket Nos. 96-45, 96-9g, 99-6g, gg-200,
01-92, WC Docket Nos, 03-109, 04-36, 05-337, 06-122 (adopted November 5, 2008)
(hereinafter the "November 5, 2008 FCC lnternet Order").
2.51 FCC Regulations.
The unstayed, effectíve regulations promulgated by the FCC, as amended from time to
time.
2.52 Federal Unbundling Rules.
Any lawful requirement to provide access to unbundled Network Elements or
Combinations of unbundled Network Elements that is imposed upon Frontier by the FCC
pursuant to both 47 u,s.c. $ 251(c)(3) and 4T c.F.R. part 51. Any reference ¡ñ tlr¡s
Agreement to "Federal Unbundling Rules" shall not include an unbundling requirement if
the unbundling requirement does not exist under both 47 u.s.c. S 251(cX3) and 47
C.F.R. Part 51.
2.53
Feeder
The fiber optic cable (lit or unlit) or metallic portion of a Loop between a serving End
Office and a remote terminal or feeder/distribution interface.
2.54 FNID (Fiber Network lnterface Device).
A passive fiber optic demarcation unit designed for the interconnection and demarcation
of optical fibers between two separate network providers.
2.55 FTTP Loop.
A Loop consisting entirely of fiber optic cable, whether dark or lit, that extends from the
main distribution frame (or its equivalent) in an end user's serving End Office to the
demarcation point at the end user's customer premises or to a serving area interface at
which the fiber optic cable connects to copper or coaxial distríbution fãcilities that extend
to the end user's customer premises demarcation point, provided that all copper or
coaxial distribution facilities extending from such serving area interface are not more than
500 feet from the demarcation point at the respective end users' customer premises;
provided, howèver, that in the case of predominantly residential multiple dwelling units
(MDUs), an FTTP Loop is a Loop consisting entirely of fiber optic cable, whethei dark or
lit, that extends from the main distribution frame (or its equivalent) in the End Office that
serves the multiunit premises: (a) to or beyond the multiunit premises' minimum point of
entry (MPoE), as defined in 47 c.F.R. S 6s.i05; or (b)to a serving area interface at
which the fiber optic cable connects to copper or coaxial distribution facilities that extend
to or beyond the multiunit premises' MPOE, provided that all copper or coaxial distribution
facilities extending from such serving area interface are not more than S00 feet from the
MPOE at the multiunit premises.
2.56 House and Riser Cable.
A two-wire metallic distribution facility in Frontier's network between the minimum point of
entry for a building where a premises of a customer is located (such a point, an "MpoE,¡
and the Rate Demarcation Point for such facility (or NID) if the NID is located at such
Rate Demarcation Point).
2.57 Hybrid Loop.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 31

A Loop composed of both fiber optic cable and copper wire or cable. An FTTP Loop is
not a Hybrid Loop.
2.58 IDLC (lntegrated Digital Loop Carrier).
A subscriber Loop carrier system that integrates within the switch at a DS1 level, which is
twenty-four (24) Loop transmission paths combined into a'1.544 Mbps digital signal.
2.59 ILEC (lncumbent Local Exchange Carrier).
Shall have the meaning stated in the Act.
2.60 lnformation Access,
The provision of specialized exchange telecommunications services in connection with
the origination, termination, transmission, switching, forwarding or routing of
telecommunications traffic to or from the facilities of a provider of information services,
including a provider of lnternet access or lnternet transmission services.
2.61 lnside Wire or lnside Wiring.
All wire, cable, terminals, hardware, and other equipment or materials, on the Customer's
side of the Rate Demarcation Point.
2.62 lnterconnected Vol P Provider.
A provider authorized by the FCC to provide lnterconnected VolP service as defined by
47 CFR 9.3.
2.63 lnterconnection Wire Center.
A building or portion thereof which serves as the premises for one or more End Offices,
Tandems and related facilities.
2.64
lnternet Traffic.
Any traffic that is transmitted to or returned from the lnternet at any point during the
duration of the transmission.
2.65 lnterLATA Service.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.66 lntraLATA.
Telecommunications that originate and terminate within the same LATA.
2.67 Intentionally Left Blank].
2.68 ISDN (lntegrated Services Dígital Network).
A switched network service providing end-to-end digital connectivity for the simultaneous
transmission of voice and data. Basic Rate lnterface-ISDN (BRI-ISDN) provides for
digital transmission of two (2) 64 kbps bearer channels and one (1) 16 kbps data and
signaling channel (28+D). Primary Rate lnterface-ISDN (PRI-ISDN) provides for digital
transmission of twenty-three (23) ô4 kbps bearer channels and one (1) 6a kbps data and
signaling channel (238+D).
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 32

2.69 IXC ( lnterexchange Carrier).
A Telecommunications Carrier that provides, directly or indirectly, lnterLATA or lntraLATA
Telephone Toll Services.
2.70 LATA (Local Access and Transport Area).
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.71 LEC (Local Exchange Carrier).
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.72 LERG (Local Exchange Routing Guide).
A Telcordia Technologies reference containing NPA/NXX routing and homing
information.
2.73 LIDB (Line lnformation Data Base).
Line lnformation databases which provide, among other things, calling card validation
functionality for telephone line number cards issued by Frontier and other entities and
validation data for collect and third number-billed calls (e.g., data for billed number
screening).
2.74 !ntentionally Left Blankl.
2.75 Line Side.
An End Office connection that provides transmission, switching and optional features
suitable for Customer connection to the public switched network, including loop start
supervision, ground start supervision and signaling for BRI-ISDN service.
2.76 Loop.
A transmission path that extends from a Main Distribution Frame or functionally
comparable piece of equipment in a Customer's serving End Office, to the Rate
Demarcation Point (or NID if installed at the Rate Demarcation point) in or at the
Customer's premises. The actual transmission facilities used to provide a Loop may
utilize any of several technologies.
2.77
LSR (Local Service Request).
An industry standard form, which contains data elements and usage rules, used by the
Parties to establish, add, change or disconnect resold Telecommunications Services and
Network Elements.
2.78
Maintenance Control Office.
Either Party's center responsible for control of the maintenance and repair of a circuit.
2.79
MDF (Main Distribution Frame),
The primary point at which outside plant facilities terminate within an lnterconnection
Wire Center, for interconnection to other Telecommunications facilities within the
lnterconnection Wire Center. The distribution frame used to interconnect cable pairs and
line trunk equipment terminating on a switching system.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218,docx 33

2.80
Measured lnternet Traffic.
Dial-up, switched lnternet Traffic originated by a Customer of one Party on that Party's
network at a point in a Frontier local calling area, and delivered to a Customer or an
lnternet Service Provider served by the other Party, on that other Party's network at a
point in the same Frontier local calling area. Frontier local calling areas shall be as
defined by Frontier. For the purposes of this definition, a Frontier local calling area
includes a Frontier non-optional Extended Local Calling Scope Arrangement, but does
not include a Frontier optional Extended Local Calling Scope Arrangement. Calls
originated on a 1+ presubscription basis, or on a casualdialed (10XXX/101XXXX)basis,
are not considered Measured lnternet Traffic. For the avoidance of any doubt, Virtual
Foreign Exchange Traffic (i.e., V/FX Traffic) (as defined in the lnterconnection
Attachment) does not constitute Measured lnternet Traffic.
2.81 MECAB (Multiple Exchange Carrier Access Billing).
A document prepared by the Billing Committee of the Ordering and Billing Forum (OBF),
which functions under the auspices of the Carrier Liaison Committee (CLC) of ATIS. The
MECAB document, published by ATIS as "ATIS/OBF-MECAB', as revised from time to
time, contains the recommended guidelines for the billing of an Exchange Access Service
provided by two or more LECs, or by one LEC in two or more states, within a single
LATA.
2.82 MECOD (Multiple Exchange Carriers Ordering and Design Guidelines for Access
Services - lndustry Support lnterface).
A document developed by the Ordering/Provisioning Committee under the auspices of
the Ordering and Billing Forum (OBF), which functions under the auspices of the Carrier
Liaison Committee (CLC) of ATIS. The MECOD document, published by ATIS as
'ATIS/OBF-MECOD", as revised from time to time, establishes methods for processing
orders for Exchange Access Service that is to be provided by two or more LECs.
2.83 Intentionally Left Blank].
2.84 Mobile Wireless Services.
Any mobile wireless Telecommunications Service, including any commercial mobile radio
service.
2.85 NANP (North American Numbering Plan).
The system of telephone numbering employed in the United States, Canada, Bermuda,
Puerto Rico and certain Caribbean islands. The NANP format is a 1O-digit number that
consist of a 3-digit NPA Code (commonly referred to as the area code), followed by a 3-
digit NXX code and 4 digit line number.
2.86
Network Element.
Shall have the meaning stated in the Act.
2.87 NID (Network lnterface Device).
The Frontier provided interface terminating Frontier's Telecommunications network on
the property where the Customer's service is located at a point determined by Frontier
The NID contains an FCC Part 68 registered jack from which lnside Wire may be
connected to Frontier's network.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 34

2.88 9-1-1/89-1-1 Call(s).
Call(s) made by the Onvoy end user by dialing the three digit telephone number "9-1-1" to
facilitate the reporting of an emergency requiring response by a public safety agency.
2.89 9-1 -1189-1 -1 Service Provider.
An entity authorized to provide 9-1-11F:9-1-l network and database services within a
particular jurisdictíon.
2.90
Non-Revertive.
Where traffic is redirected to a protection line because of failure of a working line and the
working line is repaired, traffic will remain on the protection line until there is either
manual intervention or a failure of the protection line.
2.91 NPA (Numbering Plan Area).
Also sometimes referred to as an area code, is the first three-digit indicator of each 10-
digit telephone number within the NANP, There are two general categories of NpA,
"Geographic NPAs" and "Non-Geographic NPAs". A Geographic NPA is associated with
a defined geographic area, and all telephone numbers bearing such NPA are associated
with services provided withln thât geographic area. A Non-Geographic NpA, also known
as a "service Access code" or "SAC code" is typically associated with a specialized
Telecommunications service that may be provided across multiple geographic NpA
areas. 500, 700, 800, 888 and 900 are examples of Non-Geographic NpAs.
2.92 NXX, NXX Code, CentralOffice Code or CO Code.
The three-digit switch entity indicator (i.e. the first three digits of a seven-digit telephone
number).
2.93
Order
An order or application to provide, change or terminate a service (including, but not
limited to, a commitment to purchase a stated number or minímum number of lines or
other Services for a stated period or minimum period of time).
2.94 Originating Switched Access Detail Usage Data.
Acategory 1101XX record as defined in the EMlTelcordia Practice BR-o10-200-010.
2.95 POI (Point of lnterconnection).
The physical location where the Parties' respective facilities physically interconnect for
the purpose of mutually exchanging their traffic. As set forth in the lnterconnection
Attachment, a Point of lnterconnection shall be at (i) a technically feasible point on
Frontier's network in a LATA and/or (ii) a fiber meet point to which the Parties mutually
agree under the terms of this Agreement. By way of example, a technically feasible Point
of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA would include an applicable Frontier
Tandem lnterconnection Wire Center or Frontier End Office lnterconnection Wire Center
but, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or otherurrise, would not
include an Onvoy lnterconnection Wire Center, Onvoy switch or any portion of a transport
facility provided by Frontier to Onvoy or another party between (x) a Frontier
lnterconnection Wire Center or switch and (y) the lnterconnection Wire Center or switch
of Onvoy or another party.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 35

2.96 Primary Reference Source.
Equipment that provides a timing signal to synchronize network elements.
2.97 Principal Document,
This document, including, but not limited to, the Title Page, the Table of Contents, the
Preface, the GeneralTerms and Conditions, the signature page, this Glossary, the
Attachments, and the Appendices to the Attachments.
2.98
Providing Party.
A Party offering or providing a Service to the other Party under this Agreement.
2.99
PSAP.
Public Safety Answering Point.
2100
PurchasingParty.
A Party requesting or receiving a Service from the other Party under this Agreement.
2.101 Qualifying UNE.
An unbundled Network Element or a combination of unbundled Network Elements
obtained, pursuant to the Federal Unbundling Rules, under this Agreement or a Frontier
UNE Tariff.
2.102 Qualifying Wholesale Services.
Wholesale services obtained from Frontier under a Frontier access Tariff or a separate
wholesale agreement,
2.103 Rate Center Area.
The geographic area that has been identified by a given LEC as being associated with a
particular NPA-NXX code assigned to the LEC for its provision of Telephone Exchange
Services. The Rate Center Area is the exclusive geographic area that the LEC has
identified as the area within which it will provide Telephone Exchange Services bearing
the particular NPA-NXX designation associated with the specific Rate Center Area.
2.104 Rate Center Point.
A specific geographic point, defined by a V&H coordinate, located within the Rate Center
Area and used to measure distance for the purpose of billing for distance-sensitive
Telephone Exchange Services and Toll Traffic. Pursuant to Telcordia Practice BR-795-
100-100, the Rate Center Point may be an End Office location, or a "LEC Consortium
Point of lnterconnection".
2.105 Rate Demarcation Point.
The physical point in a Frontier provided network facility at which Frontier's responsibility
for maintaining that network facility ends and the Customer's responsibility for maintaining
the remainder of the facility begins, as set forth in this Agreement, Frontier's applicable
Tariffs, if any, or as otherwise prescribed under Applicable Law.
2.106 Reciprocal Compensation
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 36

The arrangement for recovering, in accordance with section 251(b)(s) of the Act, the
FCC lnternet orders, and other applicable FCC orders and FCC Regulations, costs
incurred for the transport and termination of Reciprocal Compensation Traffic originating
on one Party's network and terminating on the other Party's network (as set forth in
Section 7 of the lnterconnection Attachment).
2.107 Reciprocal Gom pensation Traffic.
Telecommunications traffic oríginated by a Customer of one Party on that Party's network
and terminated to a Customer of the other Party on that other Party's network, except for
Telecommunications traffic that is interstate or intrastate Exchange Access, lnformation
Access, or exchange services for Exchange Access or lnformation Access. The
determination of whether Telecommunications traffic is Exchange Access or lnformation
Access shall be based upon Frontier's local calling areas as defined by Frontier.
Reciprocal compensation Traffic does not include the following traffic (it being
understood that certain traffic types will fall into more than one (1) of the categories below
that do not constitute Reciprocal Compensation Trafflc): (1) any lnternet Traffic; (2) traffic
that does not originate and termínate within the same Frontier local calling area as
defined by Frontler, and based on the actual originating and terminating points of the
complete end-to-end communication; (3) TollTraffic, including, but not limited to, calls
originated on a 1+ presubscription basis, or on a casualdialed (10XXX101XXXX) basis;
(4) optional Extended Local calling scope Arrangement Traffic; (5) special access,
private line, Frame Relay, ATM, or any other traffic that is not switched by the terminating
Party; (6) Tandem Transit Traffic (as defined in Section 12 of the lnterconnection
Attachment); (7) Voice lnformation service Traffic (as defined in section 5 of the
Additional Services Attachment); or, (8) Virtual Foreign Exchange Traffic (or V/FX Traffic)
(as definecl in the lnterconnection Attachment). For the purposos of this definition, a
Frontier local calling area includes a Frontier non-optional Extended Local Calling Scope
Arrangement, but does not include a Frontier optional Extended Local Calling Scope
Arrangement.
2j08
Retail Prices.
The prices at which a Service is provided by Frontier at retail to subscribers who are not
Telecommunications Carriers.
2.109 Routing Point.
A specific geographic point identified by a specific V&H coordinate. The Routing Point is
used to route inbound traffic to specified NPA-NXXs. The Routing Point must bè located
within the LATA in which the corresponding NPA-N)ü is located. However, the Routing
Point associated wíth each NPA-NXX need not be the same as the corresponding Rate
Center Point, nor must it be located within the corresponding Rate Center Area, nor must
there be a unique and separate Routing Point corresponding to each unique and
separate Rate Center Area.
2.110 Service.
Any lnterconnection arrangement, Network Element, Telecommunications service,
collocation arrangement, or other service, facility or arrangement, offered by a party
under this Agreement.
2.111 ntentionally Left Blankl.
fl
2.112 SS7 (Signaling System 7).
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 37

The common channel out-of-band signaling protocol developed by the Consultative
Committee for lnternational Telephone and Telegraph (CCITT) and the American
National Standards lnstitute (ANSI). Frontier and Onvoy utilize this out-of-band signaling
protocol in relation to their routing and completion of traffic.
2.113 Subsidiary.
A corporation or other person that is controlled by a Party
2.114 Sub-Loop Distribution Facility.
A two-wire or four-wire metallic distribution facility in Frontier's network between a
Frontier feeder distribution interface ("FDl") and the Rate Demarcation Point for such
facility (or NID if the NID is located at such Rate Demarcation Point).
2.115 Switched Exchange Access Service.
The offering of transmission and switching services for the purpose of the origination or
termination of Toll Traffic. Switched Exchange Access Services include but may not be
lim1ed to: Feature Group A, Feature Group B, Feature Group D, 700 access, 800 access,
888 access and 900 access.
2.116 Tandem
A switching entity that has billing and recording capabilities and is used to connect and
switch trunk circuits between and among End Offices and between and among End
Offices and carriers' aggregation points, points of termination, or points of presence, and
to provide Switched Exchange Access Services. Sometimes this term is used to refer to
a telephone company building in which switching systems and telephone equipment are
installed.
2.117 Tariff
2.117.1 Any applicable Federal or state tariff of a Party, as amended from time to time;
or
2.117.2 Any standard agreement or other document, as amended from time to time,
that sets forth the generally available terms, conditions and prices under which
a Party offers a Service.
The term "Tariff' does not ínclude any Frontier Statement of Generally Available Terms
(SGAT) which has been approved or is pending approval by the Commission pursuant to
Section 252(t) of the Act.
2.118 Telcordia Technologies.
Telcordia Technologies, lnc., formerly known as Bell Communications Research, lnc.
(Bellcore).
2.119 Telecommunications Carrier.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.120 Telecommunications Services.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 38

2.121 Telephone Exchange Service.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.122 Terminating Switched Access Detail Usage Data.
A category 1 '101XX record as defined in the EMI Telcordia Practice BR-010-200-010.
2.123 Third Party Claim.
A Claim where there is (a) a claim, demand, suit or action by a person who is not a Party,
(b) a settlement with, judgment by, or liability to, a person who is not a party, or (c) a fine
or penalty imposed by a person who is not a Party.
2.124 TollTraffic.
Traffic that is originated by a customer of one Party on that party's network and
terminates to a Customer of the other Party on that other Party's network and is not
Reciprocal Compensation Traffic, Measured lnternet Traffic, or Ancillary Traffic. Toll
Traffic may be either "lntraLATA Toll rraffic" or "lnterLATA Toll rraffic", depending on
whether the originating and terminating points are within the same LATA.
2j25
Toxic or Hazardous Substance.
Any substance designated or defined as toxic or hazardous under any "Environmental
Law" or that poses a risk to human health or safety, or the environment, and products
and materials containing such substance. "Environmental Laws" means the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, the
Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, the Water Pollution Control Act,
the Air Pollution control Act, the Toxic substances control Act, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and all other
Federal, State or local laws or governmental regulations or requirements, that are similar
to the above-referenced laws or that otherwise govern releases, chemicals, products,
materials or wastes that may pose risks to human health or safety, or the environment, or
that relate to the protection of wetlands or other natural resources.
2j26
Traffic Factor
1
For traffic exchanged via lnterconnection Trunks, a percentage calculated by dividing the
number of minutes of interstate traffic (excluding Measured lnternet Traffic) by the total
number of minutes of interstate and intrastate traffic. (finterstate Traffic Total Minutes of
Use {excluding Measured lnternet Traffic Total Minutes of Use} + {lnterstate Traffic Total
Minutes of Use + lntrastate Traffic Total Minutes of Use)l x 100). Until the form of a
Party's bills is updated to use the term "Traffic Factor 1", the term "Traffic Factor 1" may
be referred to on the Party's bills and in billing related communications as "Percent
lnterstate Usage" or "PlU",
2.127 Traffic Factor 2.
For traffic exchanged via lnterconnection Trunks, a percentage calculated by dividing the
combined total number of minutes of Reciprocal Compensation Traffic and Measureã
lnternet Traffic by the combined total number of minutes of intrastate traffic and
Measured lnternet Traffic. ([{Reciprocal Compensation Traffic Total Minutes of Use +
Measured lntêrnet Traffic Total Minutes of Use) + {lntrastate Traffic Total Minutes of Use
+ Measured lnternet Traffic Total Minutes of Use)l x 100). Until the form of a Party's bills
is updated to use the term "Traffic Factor 2", the term "Traffic Factor 2" may be referred to
on the Party's bills and in billing related communications as "percent Local usage" or
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 39

.PLU'
2128 Triennial Review Remand Order (TRRO).
The FCC's Order on Remand in WC Docket No. 04-313 and CC Docket No. 01-338,
released on February 4,2005.
2.129 Trunk Side.
A Central Office Switch connection that is capable of, and has been programmed to treat
the circuit as, connecting to another switching entity, for example, to another carrier's
network. Trunk side connections offer those transmission and signaling features
appropriate for the connection of switching entities and cannot be used for the direct
connection of ordinary telephone station sets.
2.130 UDLC (Universal Digital Loop Carrier).
UDLC arrangements consist of a Central Office Terminal and a Remote Terminal located
in the outside plant or at a Customer premises. The Central Office and the Remote
Terminal units perform analog to digital conversions to allow the feeding facilíty to be
digital. UDLC is deployed where the types of services to be provisioned by the systems
cannot be integrated such as non-switched services and UNE Loops'
2.131 UNE Wire Center.
Shall have the same meaning as "Wire Center" set forth in 47 C'F.R. S 51.5.
2.132 V and H Coordinates Method.
A method of computing airline miles between two points by utilizing an established
formula that is based on the vertical and horizontal coordinates of the two points,
2.133 Voice Grade.
Either an analog signal of 300 to 3000 Hz or a digital signal of 56/64 kilobits per second.
When referring to digital Voice Grade service (a 56-64 kbps channel), the terms "DSO" or
"sub-DS'1" may also be used.
2.134 xDSL.
As defined and offered in this Agreement, The small "x" before the letters DSL signifies
reference to DSL as a generic transmission technology, as opposed to a specific DSL
"flavor".
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 40

ADDITIONAL SERVICES ATTAC HM ENT
L
Alternate Billed Galls
1'1
The Parties will engage in settlements of intraLATA intrastate alternate-billed calls (gg,
collect, callíng card, and thírd-party billed calls) originated or authorized by their
respective Customers in accordance with an arrangement mutually agreed to by the
Parties.
2.
Dialing Parity - Section 251(bX3)
Each Party shall provide the other Party with nondiscriminatory access to such services and
information as are necessary to allow the other Party to implement local Dialing Parity in
accordance with the requirements of Section 251(bxg) of the Act.
3.
fihis Section lntentionatly Left Blankl
4.
Directory Listing and Directory Distribution
To the extent required by Applicable Law, Frontier will provide directory services to Onvoy. Such
services will be provided in accordance with the terms set forth herein.
4.1
Listing lnformation.
As used herein, "Listing lnformation" means an Onvoy Customer's primary name,
address (including city, state and zip code), telephone number(s), the delivery address
and number of directories to be delivered, and, ín the caee of a bueinoss Customer, the
primary business heading under which the business Customer desires to be placed, and
any other ínformation Frontier deems necessary for the publication and delivery of
directories.
4.2
Listing lnformation Suppty.
onvoy shall provide to Frontier on a regularly scheduled basis, at no charge, and in a
lr1nat required by Frontier or by a mutually agreed upon industry standarð (e.g.,
Ordering and Billing Forum developed)all Listing lnformation and the service áddress for
each Onvoy Customer whose service address location falls within the geographic area
covered by the relevant Frontier directory. Onvoy shall also provide to Frontier on a daily
basis: (a) information showing Onvoy Customers who have disconnected or terminated
their service with Onvoy; and (b) delivery information for each non-listed or non-published
Onvoy Customer to enable Frontier to perform its directory distribution responsibilities.
Frontier shall promptly provide to Onvoy (normally within forty-eight (48) hours of receipt
by Frontier, excluding non-business days) a query on any listing ihai is not acceptable.
4.3 Listing lnclusion and Distribution.
Frontier shall Include each onvoy customer's primary listing in the appropriate
alphabetical directory and, for business Customers, in the appropriate classified (Yellow
Pages) directory in accordance with the directory configuration, scope and schedules
determined by Frontier in its sole discretion, and shall provide initial distribution of such
directories to such Onvoy Customers in the same manner it provides initial distribution of
such directories to its own Customers. "Primary Listing" means a customer's primary
name, address, and telephone number. Listings of Onvoy's Customers shall be ¡nteúiled
with listings of Frontier's Customers and the Customers of other LECs included in the
Frontier directories. Onvoy shall pay Frontier's Tariffed charges for additional, foreign,
and other listings products (as documented in local rariff) for onvoy's customers.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06'1218.docx 41

4.4 Frontier lnformation.
Upon request by Onvoy, Frontier shall make available to Onvoy the following information
to the extent that Frontier provides such information to its own business offices: a
directory list of relevant NXX codes, directory and Customer Guide close dates, and
Yellow Pages headings. Frontier shall also make available to Onvoy, on Frontier's
Wholesale website (or, at Frontier's option, in writing) Frontier's directory listings
standards and specifications.
4.5 Confidentiality of Listing lnformation.
Frontier shall accord Onvoy Listing lnformation the same level of confidentiality that
Frontier accords its own listing information, and shall use such Listing lnformation solely
for the purpose of providing directory-related services; provided, however, that should
Frontier elect to do so, it may use or license Onvoy Listing lnformation for directory
publishing, direct marketing, or any other purpose for which Frontier uses or licenses'its
own listing information, so long as Onvoy Customers are not separately identified as
such; and provided further that Onvoy may identify those of its Customers who request
that their names not be sold for direct marketing purposes and Frontier shall honor such
requests to the same extent that it does for its own Customers. Frontier shall not be
obligated to compensate Onvoy for Frontier's use or licensing of Onvoy Listing
lnformation,
4.6 Accuracy.
Both Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the accurate publication
of Onvoy Customer listings. At Onvoy's request, Frontier shall provide Onvoy with a
report of all Onvoy Customer listings in a reasonable timeframe prior to the service order
close date for the applicable directory. Frontier shall process any corrections made by
Onvoy with respect to its listings, provided such corrections are received prior to the
close date of the particular directory.
4.7 lndemnification.
Onvoy shall adhere to all practices, standards, and ethical requirements established by
Frontier with regard to listings. By providing Frontier with Listing lnformation, Onvoy
warrants to Frontier that Onvoy has the right to provide such Listing lnformation to
Frontier on behalf of its Customers. Onvoy shall make commercially reasonable efforts
to ensure that any business or person to be listed is authorized and has the right (a) to
provide the product or service offered, and (b) to use any personal or corporate name,
trade name, trademark, service mark or language used in the listing. Onvoy agrees to
release, defend, hold harmless and indemnify Frontier from and against any and all
claims, losses, damages, suits, or other actions, or any liability whatsoever, suffered,
made, instituted, or asserted by any person arising out of Frontier's publication or
dissemination of the Listing lnformation as provided by Onvoy hereunder.
4.8 Liability.
Frontier's liability to Onvoy in the event of a Frontier error in or omission of an Onvoy
Customer listing shall not exceed the amount actually paid by Onvoy to Frontier for such
listing. Onvoy agrees to take all reasonable steps, including, but not limited to, entering
into appropriate contractual provisions with its Customers, to ensure that its and
Frontier's liability to Onvoy's Customers in the event of a Frontier error in or omission of a
listing shall be subject to the same limitations of liability applicable between Frontier and
its own Customers as set forth in Frontier's applicable Tariffs.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 42

4.9
Service lnformation Pages.
Frontier shall include all Onvoy NXX codes associated with the geographic areas to
which each directory pertains, to the extent it does so for Frontier's own NXX codes, in
any lists of such codes that are contained in the general reference portion of each
directory. Onvoy's NXX codes shall appear in such lists in the samê manner as
Frontier's NXX information. ln addition, when Onvoy is authorized to, and is offering,
local service to Customers located within the geographic area covered by a spec¡ii
directory, at Onvoy's request, Frontier shall include, at no charge, in the ''Cusiomer
Guide" or comparable section of the applicable alphabetical directories, Onvoy's critical
contact information for Onvoy's installation, repair and Customer service, as provided by
Onvoy. Such critical contact information shall appear alphabetically by local exchange
carrier and in accordance with Frontier's generally applicable policies. Onvoy shall bl
responsible for providing the necessary information to Frontier by the applicable close
date for each affected directory.
4.10
DirectoryPublication.
Nothing in this Agreement shall require Frontier to publish a dlrectory where it would not
otherwise do so.
4.11
Other Directory Services.
Onvoy acknowledges that if Onvoy desires directory services in addition to those
described herein, such additional services must be obtained under separate agreement
wíth Frontier's directory publishing company.
5. Voice lnformation Service Traffic
5.1
For purposes of this Section 5, (a) Voice lnformation Service means a service that
provides [i] recorded voice announcement information or [ii] a vocal discussion program
open to the public, and (b) Voice lnformation Service Traffic means intraLATA switðhed
voice traffic, delivered to a Voice lnformation Service. Voice lnformation Service Traffic
does not include any form of lnternet Traffic. Voice lnformation Service Traffic also does
not include 555 traffic or similar traffic with AIN service interfaces, which traffic shall be
subject to separate arrangements between the Parties. Voice lnformation Service Traffic
is not subject to Reciprocal compensation charges under section 7 of the
nterconnection Attach ment.
I
5.2 lf an Onvoy Customer is served by resold Frontier dial tone line Telecommunications
Service, to the extent reasonably feasible, Frontier will route Voice lnformation Service
Traffic originating from such Service to the appropriate Voice lnformation Service
connected to Frontier's network unless a feature blocking such Voice lnformation Service
Traffic has been installed. For such Voice lnformation Service Traffic, Onvoy shall pay to
Frontier without discount any Voice lnformation Service provider charges billed by '
Frontier to Onvoy. Onvoy shall pay Frontier such charges in fufl regaidless of whether or
not Onvoy collects such charges from its Customer.
5.3 Onvoy shall have the option to route Voice lnformation Service Traffic that originates on
its own network to the appropriate Voice lnformation Service connected to Frontier's
network. ln the event onvoy exercises such option, onvoy will establish, at its own
expense, a dedicated trunk group to the Frontier Voice lnformation Service serving
switch. This trunk group will be utilized to allow Onvoy to route Voice lnformation -service
Traffic originated on its network to Frontier. For such Voice lnformation Service Traffic,
unless Onvoy has entered into a written agreement with Frontier under which Onvoy will
collect from Onvoy's Customer and remit to Frontier the Voice lnformation Service
provider's charges, Onvoy shall pay to Frontier without discount any Voice lnformation
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 43

Service provider charges billed by Frontier to Onvoy. Onvoy shall pay Frontier such
charges in full regardless of whether or not Onvoy collects such charges from its own
Customer.
6. Intercept and Referral Announcements
6.1
When a Customer changes its service provider from Frontier to Onvoy, or from Onvoy to
Frontier, and does not retain its original telephone number, the Party formerly providing
service to such Customer shall provide a referral announcement ("Referral
Announcement") on the abandoned telephone number which provides the Customer's
new number or other appropriate information, to the extent known to the Party formerly
providing service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Party shall not be obligated under this
Section to provide a Referral Announcement if the Customer owes the Party unpaid
overdue amounts or the Customer requests that no Referral Announcement be provided.
6.2
Referral Announcements shall be provided, in the case of business Customers, for a
period of not less than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the date the Customer
changes its telephone number, and, in the case of residential Customers, not less than
th¡rty (30) days after the date the Customer changes its telephone number; provided that
if a longer time period is required by Applicable Law, such longer time period shall apply.
Except as othenvise provided by Applicable Law, the period for a referral may be
shortened by the Party formerly providing service if a number shortage condition requires
reassignment of the telephone number.
6.3
This referral announcement will be provided by each Party at no charge to the other
Party; provided that the Party formerly providing service may bill the Customer its
standard Tariff charge, if any, for the referral announcement.
7 Originating Line Number Screening (OLNS)
Upon Onvoy's request, Frontier will update its database used to provide originating line number
screening (the database of information which indicates to an operator the acceptable billing
methods for calls originating from the calling number (e.9., penal institutions, COCOTS).
8. Operations Support Systems (OSS) Services
8.1
Definitions.
The terms listed below shall have the meanings stated below:
8.1.1
Frontier Operations Support Svstems: Frontier systems for pre-ordering,
ordering, provisioning, maintenance and repair, and billing.
8.1.2 Frontier OSS Services: Access to Frontier Operations Support Systems
functions. The term "Frontier OSS Services" includes, but is not limited to: (a)
Frontier's provision of Onvoy Usage lnformation to Onvoy pursuant to Section
8.3 of this Attachment; and, (b) "Frontier OSS lnformation", as defined in
Section 8.1.4 of this Attachment.
8.1.3 Frontier OSS Facilities: Any gateways, interfaces, databases, facilities,
equipment, software, or systems, used by Frontier to provide Frontier OSS
Services to Onvoy.
8.1.4 Frontier OSS lnformation: Any information accessed by, or disclosed or
provided to, Onvoy through or as a part of Frontier OSS Services. The term
"Frontier OSS lnformation" includes, but is not limited to: (a) any Customer
lnformation related to a Frontier Customer or an Onvoy Customer accessed
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 44

by, or disclosed or provided to, Onvoy through or as a part of Frontier OSS
Services; and, (b) any Onvoy Usage lnformation (as defined in Section 8.1,6 of
this Attachment) accessed by, or disclosed or provided to, Onvoy.
8.1.5 Frontier Retail Telecommunications Service: Any Telecommunications
Service that Frontier provides at retail to subscribers that are not
Telecommunications Carriers. The term "Frontier Retail Telecommunications
Service" does not include any Exchange Access service (as defined in Section
3(16) of the Act, 47 U.S.C. S 153(16))provided by Frontier.
8.1.6 Onvov Usaoe lnformation: For a Frontier Retail Telecommunications Service
purchased by Onvoy pursuant to the Resale Attachment, the usage
information that Frontier would record if Frontier was furnishing such Frontier
Retail Telecommunications Service to a Frontier end-user retail Gustomer.
8.1.7
Customer lnformation: CPNI of a Customer and any other non-public,
individually identifiable information about a Customer or the purchase by a
Customer of the services or products of a Party.
8.2 Frontier OSS Services.
8.2.1
Upon request by Onvoy, Frontier shall provide to Onvoy Frontier OSS
Services. Such Frontier OSS Services will be provided in accordance with, but
only to the extent required by, Applicable Law,
8.2.2
Subject to the requ¡rements of Applicable Law, Frontier Operations Support
Systems, Frontier Operations Support Systems functions, Frontier OSS
Faoilities, Frontier OSS lnformation, and the Frontier OSS Services that will be
offered by Frontier, shall be as determined by Frontier. Subject to the
requirements of Applicable Law, Frontier shall have the right to change
Frontier Operations Support Systems, Frontier Operations Support Systems
functions, Frontier OSS Facilities, Frontier OSS lnformation, and the Frontier
OSS ServÍces, from time-to-time, without the consent of Onvoy.
8.2.3
To the extent required by Applicable Law, in providing Frontier OSS Services
to Onvoy, Frontier will comply with Frontier's applicable OSS Change
Management Guidelines, as such Guidelines are modified from time-to-time,
including, but not limited to, the provisions of the Guidelines related to
furnishing notice of changes in Frontier OSS Services. Frontier's OSS Change
Management Guidelines will be set out on a Frontier website.
8.3 Onvoy Usage lnformation.
8.3.1
Upon request by Onvoy, Frontier shall provide to Onvoy Onvoy Usage
lnformation. Such Onvoy Usage lnformation will be provided in accordance
with, but only to the extent required by, Applicable Law.
8.3.2
Onvoy Usage lnformation will be available to Onvoy through Network Data
Mover (NDM) or other such media as mutually agreed by both Parties.
8.3.3
Onvoy Usage lnformation will be provided in an ATIS EMI format.
8.3.4
Except as stated in this Section 8.3, subject to the requírements of Applicable
Law, the manner in which, and the frequency with which, Onvoy Usage
lnformation will be provided to Onvoy shall be determined by Frontier.
8.4 Access to and Use of Frontier OSS Facilities.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06'l218.docx 45

8.4.1 Frontier OSS Facilities may be accessed and used by Onvoy only to the extent
necessary for Onvoy's access to and use of Frontier OSS Services pursuant to
this Agreement.
8.4.2 Frontier OSS Facilities may be accessed and used by Onvoy only to provide
Telecommunications Services to Onvoy Customers.
8.4.3 Onvoy shall restrict access to and use of Frontier OSS Facilities to Onvoy.
This Section I does not grant to Onvoy any right or license to grant
sublicenses to other persons, or permission to other persons (except Onvoy's
employees, agents and contractors, in accordance with Section 8.4.7 of this
Attachment), to access or use Frontier OSS Facilities'
8.4.4 Onvoy shall not (a) alter, modify or damage the Frontier OSS Facilities
(including, but not limited to, Frontier software), (b) copy, remove, derive,
reverse engineer, or decompile, software from the Frontier OSS Facilities, or
(c) obtain access through Frontier OSS Facilities to Frontier databases,
facilities, equipment, software, or systems, which are not offered for Onvoy's
use under this Section 8.
8.4.5 Onvoy shall comply with all practices and procedures established by Frontier
for access to and use of Frontier OSS Facilities (including, but not limited to,
Frontier practices and procedures with regard to security and use of access
and user identificatíon codes).
8.4.6 All practices and procedures for access to and use of Frontíer OSS Facilities,
and all access and user identification codes for Frontier OSS Facilities: (a)
shall remain the property of Frontier; (b) shall be used by Onvoy only in
connection with Onvoy's use of Frontier OSS Facilities permitted by this
Section 8; (c) shall be treated by Onvoy as Confidential lnformation of Frontier
pursuant to Section 10 of the General Terms and Conditions; and, (d) shall be
destroyed or returned by Onvoy to Frontier upon the earlier of request by
Frontier or the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
8.4.7 Onvoy's employees, agents and contractors may access and use Frontier
OSS Facilities only to the extent necessary for Onvoy's access to and use of
the Frontier OSS Facilities permitted by this Agreement. Any access to or use
of Frontier OSS Facilities by Onvoy's employees, agents, or contractors, shall
be subject to the provisions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to,
Section 10 of the General Terms and Conditíons and Section 8'5.3'2 of this
Attachment.
8.5 Frontier OSS lnformation.
9.5.1 Subject to the provisions of this Section 8, in accordance with, but only to the
extent required by, Applicable Law, Frontier grants to onvoy a non-exclusive
license to use Frontier OSS lnformation.
9.5.2 All Frontier OSS lnformation shall at all times remain the property of Frontier.
Except as expressly stated in this Section 8, Onvoy shall acquire no rights in or
to any Frontier OSS lnformation.
S.5.3 The provisions of this Section 8.5.3 shall apply to all Frontier OSS lnformation,
except (a) Onvoy Usage lnformation, (b) CPNI of Onvoy, and (c) CPNI of a
Frontier Customer or an Onvoy Customer, to the extent the Customer has
authorized Onvoy to use the CPNI.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218'docx 46

8.5.3.1 Frontier OSS lnformation may be accessed and used by Onvoy only
to provide Telecommunications Services to Onvoy Customers.
8.5.3.2 Onvoy shall treat Frontier OSS lnformation that is designated by
Frontier, through written or electronic notice (including, but not
limited to, through the Frontier OSS Services), as "Confidential" or
"Proprietary" as Confidential lnformation of Frontier pursuant to
Section 10 of the General Terms and Conditions.
8.5.3.3 Except as expressly stated in this Section 8, this Agreement does
not grant to Onvoy any right or license to grant sublicenses to other
persons, or permission to other persons (except Onvoy's
employees, agents or contractors, in accordance wlth Section
8.5.3.4 of this Attachment), to access, use or disclose Frontier OSS
lnformation.
8.5.3.4
Onvoy's employees, agents and contractors may access, use and
disclose Frontier OSS lnformation only to the extent necessary for
Onvoy's access to, and use and disclosure of, Frontier OSS
lnformation permitted by this Section B, Any access to, or use or
disclosure of, Frontier OSS lnformation by Onvoy's employees,
agents or contractors, shall be subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, including, but not limited to, Section 10 of the General
Terms and Conditions and Section 8.S.3.2 of this Attachment.
8.5.3.5 onvoy's license to use Frontier oss lnformation shall expire upon
the earliest of: (a) the time when the Frontier OSS lnformation is no
longer needed by onvoy to provide Telecommunications services to
Onvoy Customers; (b) termination of the license in accordance with
this Section 8; or (c) expiration or termination of this Agreement.
8.5.3.6 All Frontier oss lnformation received by onvoy shall be destroyed
or returned by Onvoy to Frontier, upon expiration, suspension or
termination of the license to use such Frontier OSS lnformation.
8.5.4 unless soonêr terminated or suspended in accordance with this Agreement or
this section I (including, but not limited to, section 2.2 of the General rerms
and Conditions and Section 8.6.1 of this Attachment), Onvoy's access to
Frontier oss lnformation through Frontier oss services shall terminate upon
the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
8.5.5 Audits.
8.5.5.1 Frontier shall have the right (but not the obligation) to audit Onvoy to
ascertain whether Onvoy is complying with the requirements of
Applicable Law and this Agreement with regard to Onvoy's access
to, and use and disclosure of, Frontier OSS lnformation.
8.5.5.2 Without in any way limiting any other rights Frontier may have under
this Agreement or Applicable Law, Frontier shall have the right (but
not the obligation) to monitor Onvoy's access to and use of Frontier
OSS lnformation which is made available by Frontier to Onvoy
pursuant to this Agreement, to ascertain whether Onvoy is
complying with the requirements of Applicable Law and this
Agreement, with regard to Onvoy 's access to, and use and
disclosure of, such Frontier OSS lnformation. The foregoing right
shall include, but not be limited to, the right (but not the obligation)
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx 47

to electronically monitor Onvoy's access to and use of Frontier OSS
lnformation which is made available by Frontier to Onvoy through
Frontier OSS Facilities.
8.5.5.3 lnformation obtained by Frontier pursuant to this Section 8.5.5 shall
be treated by Frontier as Confidential lnformation of Onvoy pursuant
to Section 10 of the General Terms and Conditions; provided that'
Frontier shall have the right (but not the obligation) to use and
disclose information obtained by Frontier pursuant to Section 8'5.5
of this Attachment to enforce Frontier's rights under this Agreement
or Applicable Law.
8,5.6 Onvoy acknowledges that the Frontier OSS lnformation, by its nature, is
updated and corrected on a continuous basis by Frontier, and therefore that
Frontier OSS lnformation is subject to change from time to time'
8.6 Liabilities and Remedies.
8.6.1 Any breach by Onvoy, or Onvoy's employees, agents or contractors, of the
provisions of Sections 8.4 or 8.5 of this Attachment shall be deemed a material
breach of this Agreement. ln addition, if Onvoy or an employee, agent or
contractor of Onvoy at any time breaches a provision of Sections 8.4 or 8.5 of
this Attachment and such breach continues for more than ten (10) days after
written notice thereof from Frontier, then, except as otherwise required by
Applicable Law, Frontier shall have the right, upon notice to Onvoy, to suspend
the license to use Frontier OSS lnformation granted by Section 8.5.1 of this
Attachment and/or the provision of Frontier OSS Services, in whole or in part.
8.6.2 Onvoy agrees that Frontier would be irreparably injured by a breach of
Sections 8.4 or 8.5 of this Attachment by Onvoy or the employees, agents or
contractors of Onvoy, and that Frontier shall be entitled to seek equitable relief,
including injunctive relief and specific performance, in the event of any such
breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for
any such breach, but shall be in addition to any other remedies available under
this Agreement or at law or in equity.
8.7 Relation to Applicable Law.
The provisions of Sections 8.4, 8.5 and 8.6 of this Attachment with regard to the
confidentiality of information shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any provisions
of Applicable Law with regard to the confidentiality of information, including, but not
limited to, 47 U.S.C.5222, and are not intended to constitute a waiver by Frontier of- any
right with regard to protection of the confidentiality of the information of Frontier or
Frontier Customers provided by Applicable Law'
8.8 Cooperation.
Onvoy, at Onvoy's expense, shall reasonably cooperate with Frontier in using Frontier
OSS Services. Such cooperation shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
8.8.1 Upon request by Frontier, Onvoy shall by no later than the fifteenth (15th) day
of the last month of each Calendar Quarter submit to Frontier reasonable,
good faith estimates of the volume of each type of OSS transaction that Onvoy
anticipates submitting in each week of the next Calendar Quarter.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 48

8.8.2
Onvoy shall reasonably cooperate with Frontier in submitting orders for
Frontier Services and otherwise using the Frontier OSS Services, in order to
avoid exceeding the capacity or capabilities of such Frontier OSS Servíces.
8'8,3
Onvoy shall participate in cooperative testing of Frontier OSS Services and
shall provide assistance to Frontier in identifying and correcting mistakes,
omissions, interruptions, delays, errors, defects, faults, failures, or other
deficiencíes, in Frontier OSS Services.
8.9 Frontíer Access to lnformation Related to Onvoy Customers,
8.9'1
Frontier shall have the right to access, use and disclose information related to
Onvoy Customers that ís in Frontier's possession (including, but not limited to,
in Frontier OSS Facilities) to the extent such access, use and/or disclosure has
been authorized by the Onvoy Customer in the manner required by Applicable
Law.
8.9'2
Upon request by Frontier, Onvoy shall negotiate in good faith and enter into a
contract with Frontier, pursuant to which Frontier may obtain access to
Onvoy's operations support systems (including, systems for pre-ordering,
ordering, provisioning, maintenance and repair, and bílling) and information
contained in such systems, to permit Frontier to obtain information related to
Onvoy Customers (as authorized by the applicable Onvoy Customer), to
permit Customers to transfer service from one Telecommunications Carrier to
another, and for such other purposes as may be permitted by Applicable Law.
8.10 Intentionally Left Blank].
8.11 Cancellations.
Frontier may cancel orders for servíce which have had no activity within thirty-one (31)
consecutive calendar days after the original service due date.
9. Poles, Ducts, Conduits and Rights-of-Way
9,1
Frontier shall afford Onvoy non-discriminatory access to poles, ducts, conduits and
rights'of-way owned or controlled by Frontier. Such access shall be provided in
accordance with, but only to the extent required by, Applicable Law, pursuant to
Frontier's applicable Tariffs, or, in the absence of an applicable Frontier Tariff, Frontier's
generally offered form of license agreement, or, in the absence of such a Tariff and
license agreement, a mutually acceptable agreement to be negotiated by the Parties.
9'2
Onvoy shall afford Frontier non-discriminatory access to poles, ducts, conduits and
rìghts-of-way owned or controlled by Onvoy. Such access shall be provided pursuant to
Onvoy's applicable Tariffs, or, in the absence of an applicable Onvoy Tariff, Onvoy's
generally offered form of license agreement, or, in the absence of such a Tariff and
license agreement, a mutually acceptable agreement to be negotiated by the Parties.
The terms, conditions and prices offered to Frontier by Onvoy for such access shall be no
less favorable than the terms, conditions and prices offered to Onvoy by Frontier for
access to poles, ducts, conduits and rights of way owned or controlled by Frontier.
10. Telephone Numbers
10.1
This Section applies ín connection wíth Onvoy Customers served by Telecommunications
Servíces provided by Frontier to Onvoy for resale.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 49

10.2 Onvoy's use of telephone numbers shall be subject to Applicable Law and the rules of the
North American Numbering Council, the North American Numbering Plan Administrator,
the applicable provisions of this Agreement (including, but not limited to, this Section 10),
and Frontier's practices and procedures for use and assignment of telephone numbers,
as amended from time-to-time,
10.3 Subject to Sections 10.2 and'10.4 of this Attachment, if a Customer of either Frontier or
Onvoy who is served by a Frontier Telecommunications Service ("V[S') changes the
LEC that servês the Customer using such WS (including a change from Frontier to
Onvoy, from Onvoy to Frontier, or from Onvoy to a LEC other than Frontier), after such
change, the Customer may continue to use with such VTS the telephone numbers that
were assigned to the VTS for the use of such Customer by Frontier immediately prior to
the change.
10.4 Frontier shall have the right to change the telephone numbers used by a Customer if at
any time: (a) the Customer requests service at a new location, that is not served by the
Frontier switch and the Frontier rate center from which the Customer previously had
service; (b) continued use of the telephone numbers is not technically feasible; or, (c) in
the case of Telecommunications Service provided by Frontier to Onvoy for resale, the
type or class of service subscribed to by the Customer changes.
10.5
lf service on a VTS provided by Frontier to Onvoy under this Agreement is terminated
and the telephone numbers associated with such WS have not been ported to an Onvoy
switch, the telephone numbers shall be available for reassignment by Frontier to any
person to whom Frontier elects to assign the telephone numbers, including, but not
limited to, Frontier, Frontier Customers, Onvoy, or Telecommunications Carriers other
than Frontier and Onvoy.
10.6 Onvoy may reserve telephone numbers only to the extent Frontier's Customers may
reserve telephone numbers.
11. Routing for Operator Services and Directory Assistance Traffic
For a Frontier Telecommunications Service dial tone line purchased by Onvoy for resale pursuant
to the Resale Attachment, upon request by Onvoy, Frontier will establish an arrangement that will
permit Onvoy to route the Onvoy Customer's calls for operator and directory assistance services
to a provider of operator and directory assistance services selected by Onvoy. Frontier will
provide this routing arrangement in accordance with, but only to the extent required by,
Applicable Law. Frontier will provide this routing arrangement pursuant to an appropriate written
request submitted by Onvoy and a mutually agreed-upon schedule. This routing arrangement will
be implemented at Onvoy's expense, with charges determined on an individual case basis. ln
addition to charges for initially establishing the routing arrangement, Onvoy will be responsible for
ongoing monthly and/or usage charges for the routing arrangement. Onvoy shall arrange, at its
own expense, the trunking and other facilities required to transport traffic to Onvoy's selected
provider of operator and directory assistance services.
12. Unauthorized Garrier Change Gharges
ln the event either Party requests that the other Party install, provide, change, or terminate a
Customer's Telecommunications Service (including, but not limited to, a Customer's selection of a
primary Telephone Exchange Service Provider) without having obtained authorization from the
Customer for such installation, provision, selection, change or termination in accordance with
Applicable Laws, the requesting Party shall be liable to the other Party for all charges that would
be applicable to the Customer for the initial change in the Customer's Telecommunications
Service and any charges for restoring the Customer's Telecommunications Service to its
Customer-authorized condition (all such charges together, the "Carrier Change Charges"),
including to the appropriate primary Telephone Exchange Service provider. Such Carrier Change
Onvoy Comprehens¡ve ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 50

Charges may be assessed on the requesting Party by the other Party at any time after the
Customer is restored to its Customer-authorized condition.
13.
Good Faith Performance
lf and, to the extent that, Frontier, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, has not provided
in the State of Nebraska a Service offered under this Attachment, Frontier reserves the right to
negotiate in good faith with Onvoy reasonable terms and conditions (including, without limitation,
rates and implementation timeframes) for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such
terms and conditions (including, without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either
Party may utilize the Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 51

INTERCONN ECTION ATTACHM ENT
General
1
Each Party shall provide to the other Party, in accordance with this Agreement, but only to the
extent required by Applicable Law, interconnection at (i) any mutually agreed technically feasible
Point(s) of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA and/or (ii) a fiber meet point to which
the Parties mutually agree under the terms of this Agreement, for the transmission and routing of
Telephone Exchange Service and Exchange Access. By way of example, a technically feasible
Point of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA would include an applicable Frontier
Tandem lnterconnection Wire Center or Frontier End Offìce lnterconnection Wire Center but,
notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or otherwise, would not include an Onvoy
lnterconnection Wire Center, Onvoy switch or any portion of a transport facility provided by
Frontier to Onvoy or another party between (x) a Frontier lnterconnection Wire Center or switch
and (y) the lnterconnection Wire Center or switch of Onvoy or another party. For brevity's sake,
the foregoing examples of locations that, respectively, are and are not "on Frontier's network"
shall apply (and are hereby incorporated by reference) each time the term "on Frontier's network"
is used in this Agreement.
2. Points of lnterconnection and Trunk Types
2.1
Point(s) of lnterconnection.
2.1.1 Each Party, at its own expense, shall provide transport facilities to the
technically feasible Point(s) of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA
selected bY Onvoy.
2.2 Trunk ïypes.
2.2.1 ln interconnecting their networks pursuant to this Attachment, the Parties will
use, as appropriate, the followíng separate and distinct trunk groups:
2.2.1.1 lnterconnection Trunks for the transmission and routing of
Reciprocal Compensation Traffic, translated LEC lntraLATA toll free
service access code (e.9., 800/888/877) traffic, and lntraLATA Toll
Traffic, between their respective Telephone Exchange Service
Customers, Tandem Transit Traffic, and, Measured lnternet Traffic,
I
all in accordance with Sections 5 through of this Attachment;
2.2.1.2 Access Toll Connecting Trunks for the transmission and routing of
Exchange Access traffic, including translated lnterLATA toll free
service access code (e.9., 800/888/877) traffic, between Onvoy
Telephone Exchange Service Customers and purchasers of
Switched Exchange Access Service via a Frontier access Tandem
in accordance with Sections 9 through 11 of this Attachment; and
2.2.1.3 Miscellaneous Trunk Groups as mutually agreed to by the Parties,
including, but not limited to: (a) choke trunks for traffic congestion
and testing; and, (b) untranslated lntralATA/lnterLATA toll free
service access code (e.9. 800/888/877) traffic.
2.2.2 Other types of trunk groups may be used by the Parties as provided in other
Attachments to this Agreement (e.9., 9-1-1/89-1-1 Trunks) or in other separate
agreements between the Parties (e.9., directory assistance trunks, operator
services trunks, BLV/BLVI trunks or trunks for 500/555 traffic).
Onvoy Comprehensivê ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 52

2.2.3 ln accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Parties will deploy One-
way lnterconnection Trunks (trunks with traffic going in one direction, including
one-way trunks and uni-directional two-way trunks) and/or Two-Way
lnterconnection Trunks (trunks with traffic going in both directions).
2.2.4 onvoy shall establieh, at the iechnically feasible Point(s) of lnterconnection on
Frontier's network in a LATA, separate fnterconnection Trunk group(s)
between such POI(s) and each Frontier Tandem in a LATA with a subtending
End Office(s) to which Onvoy originates calls for Frontier to terminate.
2.2.5 ln the event the volume of traffic between a Frontier End Office and a
technically feasible Point of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA,
which is carried by a Final Tandem lnterconnection Trunk group, exceeds (a)
the centum call seconds (Hundred call seconds) busy hour equivalent of one
(1) DS1 at any time; (b) 200,000 minutes of use for a singte month; and/or; (c)
600 busy hour Centum Call Seconds (BHCCS) of use for a single month: (i) if
One-Way lnterconnection Trunks are used, the originating Party shall prompfly
establish new or augment existing End office one-way lnterconnection Trunk
groups between the Frontier End office and the technically feasible point of
lnterconnection on Frontier's network; or, (ii) if Two-Way lnterconnection
Trunks are used, onvoy shall promptly submit an ASR to Frontier to establish
new or augment existing End Office Two-Way lnterconnection Trunk group(s)
between that Frontier End Office and the technically feasible point of
lnterconnection on Frontier's network.
2.2.6 Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, the total number of
Tandem lnterconnection Trunks between a technically feasible point of
lnterconnection on Frontier's network and a Frontier Tandem will be limited to
a maximum of 240 trunks. ln the event that the volume of traffic between a
technically feasible Point of lnterconnection on Frontier's network and a
FrontierTandem exceeds, or reasonably can be expected to exceed, the
capacity of the 240 trunks, Onvoy shall prompfly submit an ASR to Frontier to
establish new or additional End Office Trunks to insure that the volume of
traffic between the technically feasible Point of lnterconnection on Frontier's
network and the Frontier Tandem does not exceed the capacity of the 240
trunks.
2,3
One-WaylnterconnectionTrunks.
2.3.1 Where the Parties use One-Way lnterconnection Trunks for the delivery of
traffic from Onvoy to Frontier, Onvoy, at Onvoy's own expense, shall:
2.3.1.1 provide its own facilities for delivery of the traffic to the technically
feasible Point(s) of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA;
and/or
2.3.1.2
obtain transport for delivery of the traffic to the technically feasible
Poínt(s) of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA (a) from
a third party, or, (b) if Frontier offers such transport pursuant to a
Frontier access Tariff, from Frontier.
2.3.2 For each Tandem or End Office One-Way lnterconnection Trunk group for
delivery of traffic from Onvoy to Frontier with a utilization level of less than sixty
percent (60%)for final trunk groups and eighty-five percent (85%) for high
usage trunk groups, unless the Parties agree othenrvise, Onvoy will prompfly
submit ASRs to disconnect a sufficient number of lnterconnection Trunks to
attain a utilization level of approximately sixty percent (60%) for all final trunk
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 53

groups and eighty-five percent (85%) for all high usage trunk groups. ln the
event Onvoy fails to submit an ASR to disconnect One-Way lnterconnection
Trunks as required by this Section, Frontier may disconnect the excess
lnterconnection Trunks or bill (and Onvoy shall pay) for the excess
lnterconnection Trunks at the rates set forth in the Pricing Attachment.
2.3.3 Where the Parties use One-Way lnterconnection Trunks for the delivery of
traffic from Frontier to Onvoy, Frontier, at Frontier's own expense, shall provide
its own facilities for delivery of the traffic to the technically feasible Point(s) of
lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA.
2.4 Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks.
2,4.1
Where the Parties use Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks for the exchange of
traffic between Frontier and Onvoy, Onvoy, at its own expense, shall:
2.4.1.1 provide its own facilities to the technically feasible Point(s) of
lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA; and/or
2.4.1.2 obtain transport to the technically feasible Point(s) of
lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA (a) from a third
party, or, (b) if Frontier offers such transport pursuant to a Frontier
access Tariff, from Frontier.
2.4.2 Where the Parties use Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks for the exchange of
traffic between Frontier and Onvoy, Frontier, at its own expense, shall provide
its own facilities to the technically feasible Point(s) of lnterconnection on
Frontier's network in a LAï4.
2.4.3 Prior to establishing any Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks, Onvoy shall meet
with Frontier to conduct a joint planning meeting ("Joint Planning Meeting"). At
that Joint Planning Meeting, each Party shall provide to the other Party
originating Centum Call Seconds (Hundred Call Seconds) information, and the
Parties shall mutually agree on the appropriate initial number of End Office and
Tandem Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks and the interface specifications at
the technically feasible Point(s) of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a
LATA at which the Parties interconnect for the exchange of traffic. Where the
Parties have agreed to convert existing One-Way lnterconnection Trunks to
Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks, at the Joint Planning Meeting, the Parties
shall also mutually agree on the conversion process and project intervals for
conversion of such One-Way lnterconnection Trunks to Two-Way
lnterconnection Trunks.
2.4.4 On a semi-annual basis, Onvoy shall submit a good faith forecast to Frontier of
the number of End Office and Tandem Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks that
Onvoy anticipates Frontier will need to provide during the ensuing two (2) year
period for the exchange of traffic between Onvoy and Frontier. Onvoy's trunk
forecasts shall conform to the Frontier CLEC trunk forecasting guidelines as in
effect at that time.
2.4.5 The Parties shall meet (telephonically or in person) from time to time, as
needed, to review data on End Office and Tandem Two-Way lnterconnection
Trunks to determine the need for new trunk groups and to plan any necessary
changes in the number of Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks.
Onvoy Comprehens¡vê ICA NE CTC 0ô1218.docx 54

2.4.6 Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks shall have SS7 Common Channel Signaling,
The Parties agree to utilize BSZS and Extended Super Frame (ESF) DS1
facilities, where available.
2.4.7 With respect to End Office Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks, both Parties shall
use an economic Centum Call Seconds (Hundred Call Seconds) equal to five
(5). Either Party may disconnect End Office Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks
that, based on reasonable engineering criteria and capacity constraints, are
not warranted by the actual traffic volume experienced.
2.4.8 Two-Way lnterconnection Trunk groups that connect to a Frontier access
Tandem shall be engineered using a design blocking objective of Neal-
Wilkinson 8.005 during the average time consistent busy hour. Two-Way
lnterconnection Trunk groups that connect to a Frontier local Tandem shall be
engineered using a design blocking objective of Neal-Wilkinson 8.01 during
the average time consistent busy hour. Frontier and Onvoy shall engineer
Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks using Telcordia Notes on the Networks SR
2275 (formerly known as BOC Notes on the LEC Networks SR-TSV-002275).
2.4.9 The performance standard for final Two-Way lnterconnection Trunk groups
shall be that no such lnterconnection Trunk group will exceed its design
blocking objective (8.005 or 8.01, as applicable) for three (3) consecutive
calendar traffic study months.
2.4.10 Onvoy shall determine and order the number of Two-Way lnterconnection
Trunks that are required to meet the applicable design blocking objective for all
traffic carried on each Two-Way lnterconnection Trunk group. Onvoy shall
order Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks by submitting ASRs to Frontier settlng
forth the number of Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks to be installed and the
requested installation dates within Frontier's effective standard intervals or
negotiated intervals, as appropriate. Onvoy shall complete ASRs in
accordance with OBF Guidelines as in effect from time to time.
2.4.11 Frontier may (but shall not be obligated to) monitor Two-Way lnterconnection
Trunk groups using service results for the applicable design blocking objective.
lf Frontier observes blocking in excess of the applicable design objective on
any Tandem Two-Way lnterconnection Trunk group and Onvoy has not
notified Frontier that it has corrected such blocking, Frontier may submit to
Onvoy a Trunk Group Service Request directing Onvoy to remedy the
blocking. Upon receipt of a Trunk Group Service Request, Onvoy will
complete an ASR to establish or augment the End Office Two-Way
lnterconnection Trunk group(s), or, if mutually agreed, to augment the Tandem
Two-Way lnterconnection Trunk group with excessive blocking and submit the
ASR to Frontier within five (5) Business Days.
2.4.12 The Parties will review all Tandem Two-Way lnterconnection Trunk groups that
reach a utilization level of seventy percent (70o/o), or greater, to determine
whether those groups should be augmented. Onvoy will promptly augment all
Tandem Two-Way lnterconnection Trunk groups that reach a utilization level of
eighty percent (80%) by submitting ASRs for additional trunks sufficient to
attain a utilization level of approximately seventy percent (70o/o), unless the
Parties agree that additionaltrunking is not required. For each Tandem Two-
Way lnterconnection Trunk group with a utilization level of less than sixty
percent (60%), unless the Parties agree otherwise, Onvoy will promptly submit
ASRs to disconnect a sufficient number of lnterconnection Trunks to attain a
utilization level of approximately sixty percent (600/o) for each respective group,
unless the Parties agree that the Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks should not
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 0ô1218.docx 55

be disconnected. ln the event Onvoy fails to submit an ASR for Two-Way
lnterconnection Trunks in conformance with this Section, Frontier may
disconnect the excess lnterconnection Trunks or bill (and Onvoy shall pay) for
the excess lnterconnection Trunks at the applicable Frontier rates.
2.4.13 Because Frontier will not be in control of when and how many Two-Way
lnterconnection Trunks are established between its network and Onvoy's
network, Frontier's performance in connection with these Two-Way
lnterconnection Trunk groups shall not be subject to any performance
measurements and remedies under this Agreement, and, except as otherwise
required by Applicable Law, under any FCC or Commission approved carrier-
to-carrier performance assurance guidelines or plan.
2.4.14 Onvoy will route its traffic, or traffic belonging to its lnterconnected VolP
Provider Customers, to Frontier over the End Office and Tandem Two'Way
lnterconnection Trunks in accordance with SR-TAP-000191 , including but not
limited to those standards requiring that a call from Onvoy to a Frontier End
Office will first be routed to the End Office lnterconnection Trunk group
between Onvoy and the Frontier End Office.
3. Alternative lnterconnection Arrangements
3.1
Fiber Meet Arrangement Provisions'
3.1.1 Each Party may request a Fiber Meet arrangement by providing written notice
thereof to the other Party if each of the following conditions has been met: (a)
the Parties have consistently been exchanging an amount of applicable traffic
(as set forth in Section 3.1,3 below) in the relevant exchanges equal to at least
one (1) DS-3 and (b) neither Onvoy nor any of Onvoy's affiliates has an
overdue balance on any bill rendered to Onvoy or Onvoy's affiliates for
charges that are not subject to a good faith dispute. Any such Fiber Meet
arrangement shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement. ln addition, the
establishment of any Fiber Meet arrangement is expressly conditioned upon
the Parties mutually agreeing to the technical specifications and requirements
for such Fiber Meet arrangement including, but not limited to, the location of
the Fiber Meet points, routing, equipment (e.9., specifications of Add/Drop
Multiplexers, number of strands of fiber, etc.), software, ordering, provisioning,
maintenance, repair, testing, augment and on any other technical
specifications or requirements necessary to implement the Fiber Meet
arrangement. For each Fiber Meet arrangement the Parties agree to
implement, the Parties will complete and sign a Technical Specifications and
Requirements document, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A to
Section 3 of the lnterconnection Attachment Fiber Meet Arrangement
Provisions. Each such document will be treated as Confidential lnformation.
9.1.2 The Parties agree to consider the possibility of using existing fiber cable with
spare capacity, where available, to implement any such request for a Fiber
Meet arrangement. lf existing fiber cable with spare capacity is not available,
the Parties agree to minimize the construction and deployment of fiber cable
necessary for any Fiber Meet arrangement to which they agree. Except as
otherwise agreed by the Parties, any and all Fiber Meet points established
between the Parties shall extend no further than three (3) miles from an
applicable Frontier Tandem or End Office and Frontier shall not be required to
construct or deploy more than five hundred (500) feet of fiber cable for a Fiber
Meet arrangement.
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 56

3.1.3 A Fiber Meet arrangement established under this Agreement may be used for
the transmission and routing of only the following traffic types (over the
lnterconnection Trunks):
3.1.3.1 Reciprocal Compensation Traffic between the parties' respective
Telephone Exchange Service Customers;
3,1.3.2
Translated LEC lntraLATA toll free service access code (e.g.,
800/888/877) haffic between the Parties' respective Telephone
Exchange Service Customers;
3.1.3.3
lntraLATA Toll Traffic between the Parties' respective Telephone
Exchange Service Customers;
3.1.3.4
Tandem Transit Traffic; and
3.1.3.5
Measured lnternetTraffic.
To the extent that a Fiber Meet arrangement established under this Agreement
is used for the transmission and routing of traffic of the types set forth in
sections 3. 1 .3.1 and/or 3.1 .3.5, other than the obligation to pay intercarrier
compensation charges pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, neither party
shall have any obligation to pay the other Party any charges in connection with
any Fiber Meet arrangements established under this Agreement. To the
extent that a Fiber Meet arrangement established under this Agreement is
used for the transmission and routing of traffic of the type set forth in section
3.'l.3.2, the transport and termination of such traffic shall be subject to the
rates and charges set forth in the Agreement and applicable Tariffs. To the
extent that a Fiber Meet arrangement established under this Agreement is
used for the transmission and routing of traffic of the type set forth in section
3,1.3,3, the Party originating such traffic shall compensate the terminating
Party for the transport and termination of such traffic at the rates and chaiges
set forth in the Agreement and applicable Tariffs. To the extent that a Fibér
Meet arrangement established under this Agreement is used for the
transmission and routing of traffic of the type set forth in Section 3.1.3.4,
Frontier shall charge (and onvoy shall pay) Frontier's applicable rates and
charges as set forth in the Agreement and Frontier's applicable Tariffs,
including transport charges to the terminating Frontier Tandem.
3.1.4 At onvoy's written request, a Fiber Meet arrangement established under this
Agreement may be used for the transmission and routing of the following traffic
types over the following trunk types:
3.1'4.1
operator services traffic from onvoy's Telephone Exchange service
Customers to an operator services provider over operator services
trunks;
3.1.4.2
Directory assistance traffic from Onvoy's Telephone Exchange
Service Customers to a directory assistance provider over directory
assistance trunks;
3.1.4.3
9-1-1 traffic from onvoy's Telephone Exchange service customers
to 9-1-1/E9-1-1 Tandem Office(s/selective Route(s) over g-1-1
trunks; and
3.1.4.4 Jointly-provided Switched Exchange Access Service traffic,
including translated lnterLATA toll free service access code (e.g.,
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 57

800/888/877) traffic, between Onvoy's Telephone Exchange Service
Customers and third-party purchasers of Switched Exchange
Access Service via a Frontier access Tandem over Access Toll
Connecting Trunks.
To the extent that a Fiber Meet arrangement established under this Agreement
is used for the transmission and routing of any traffic of the types set forth in
this Section 3.1.4 Frontier may bill (and Onvoy shall pay) Frontier's applicable
Tariff rates and charges. Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties
or as expressly set forth in Sections 3.1.3 and/or 3.1.4 of this lnterconnection
Attachment, access services (switched and unswitched) and unbundled
network elements shall not be provisioned on or accessed through Fiber Meet
arrangements.
3.1.5 Onvoy will include traffìc to be exchanged over Fiber Meet arrangements in its
forecasts provided to Frontier under the Agreement.
4. Initiating Interconnection
4.1
lf Onvoy determines to offer Telephone Exchange Services and to interconnect with
Frontier in any LATA in which Frontier also offers Telephone Exchange Services and in
which the Parties are not already interconnected pursuant to this Agreement, Onvoy shall
provide written notice to Frontier of the need to establish lnterconnection in such LATA
pursuant to this Agreement.
4.2
The notice provided in Section 4.1 of this Attachment shall include (a) the ínitial Routing
Point(s); (b) the applicable technically feasible Point(s) of lnterconnection on Frontier's
network to be established in the relevant LATA in accordance with this Agreement; (c)
Onvoy's intended lnterconnection activation date; (d) a forecast of Onvoy's trunking
requirements conforming to Section 14.2 of this Attachment; and (e) such other
information as Frontier shall reasonably request in order to facilitate lnterconnection.
4,3 The interconnection activation date in the new LATA shall be mutually agreed to by the
Parties after receipt by Frontier of all necessary information as indicated above. Within
ten (10) Business Days of Frontier's receipt of Onvoy's notice provided for in Section
4.1of this Attachment, Frontier and Onvoy shall confirm the technically feasible Point of
lnterconnection on Frontier's network in the new LATA and the mutually agreed upon
lnterconnection activation date for the new LATA.
5. Transmission and Routing of Telephone Exchange Service Traffic
5.1
Scope of Traffic.
Section 5 prescribes parameters for lnterconnection Trunks used for lnterconnection
pursuant to Sections 2 through 4 of this Attachment.
5.2
Trunk Group Connections and Ordering.
5.2.1
For both One-Way and Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks, if Onvoy wishes to
use a technically feasible interface other than a DS1 or a DS3 facility at the
POl, the Parties shall negotiate reasonable terms and conditions (including,
without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes) for such arrangement;
and, if the Parties cannot agree to such terms and conditions (including,
without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either Party may
utilize the Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 0ô1218.docx 5B

5.2.2 When One-Way or Two-Way lnterconnection Trunks are provisioned using a
DS3 interface facility, if Onvoy orders the multiplexed DS3 facilities to a
Frontier Central Office that is not designated in the NECA 4-lariff as the
appropriate lntermediate Hub location (i.e., the lntermediate Hub location in
the appropriate Tandem subtending area based on the LERG), and the
provision of such facilities to the subject Central Office is technically feasible,
the Parties shall negotiate in good faith reasonable terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes) for such
arrangement; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either
Party may utilize the Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
5.2.3 Each Party will identify its Carrier ldentification Code, a three or four digit
numeric code obtained from Telcordia, to the other Party when ordering a
trunk group.
5.2.4 For multi-frequency (MF) signaling each Party will out pulse ten (10) digits to
the other Party, unless the Parties mutually agree otherwise.
5,2.5 Each Party will use commercially reasonable efforts to monitor trunk groups
under its control and to augment those groups using generally accepted trunk-
engineering standards so as to not exceed blocking objectives. Each Party
agrees to use modular trunk-engineering techniques for trunks subject to this
Attachment.
5.3 Switching System Hierarchy and Trunking Requirements.
For purposes of routing Onvoy traffic to Frontier, the subtending arrangements between
Frontier Tandems and Frontier End Otfices shall be the same as the Tandem/End Office
subtending arrangements Frontier maintains for the routing of its own or other carriers'
traffic (i.e., traffic will be routed to the appropriate Frontier Tandem subtended by the
terminating End Office serving the Frontier Customer). For purposes of routing Frontier
traffìc to Onvoy, the subtending arrangements between Onvoy Tandems and Onvoy End
Offices shall be the same as the Tandem/End Office subtending arrangements that
Onvoy maintains for the routing of its own or other carriers' traffic.
5.4 Signaling.
Each Party will provide the other Party with access to its databases and associated
signaling necessary for the routing and completion of the other Party's traffic in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and any applicable Tariff.
5.5
Grades of Service
The Parties shall initially engineer and shall monitor and augment all trunk groups
consistent with the Joint Process as set forth in Section 14.1 of this Attachment.
6.
Traffic Measurement and Billing over lnterconnection Trunks
6.1
For billing purposes, each Party shall pass Calling Party Number (CPN) information on at
least ninety-five percent (95%) of calls carried over the lnterconnection Trunks. ln
addition each party shall pass Charge Number (CN) unaltered where it is different than
CPN.
6.1.1 As used in this Section 6, "Traffic Rate" means the applicable Reciprocal
Compensation Traffic rate, Measured lnternet Traffic rate, intrastate Switched
Exchange Access Service rate, interstate Switched Exchange Access Service
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 001218.docx 59

rate, or intrastate/interstate Tandem Transit Traffic rate, as provided in the
Pricing Attachment, an applicable Tariff, or, for Measured lnternet Traffic, the
FCC lnternet Orders.
6.1.2 lf the originating Party passes CPN on ninety-five percent (95%) or more of its
calls, the receiving Party shall bill the originating Party the Traffic Rate
applicable to each relevant minute of traffic for which CPN is passed. For any
remaining (up to 5%) calls without CPN information, the receiving Party shall
bill the originating Party for such traffic at the Traffic Rate applicable to each
relevant minute of traffic, in direct proportion to the minutes of use of calls
passed with CPN information.
6.1,3 tf the originating Party passes CPN on less than ninety-five percent (95%) of
its calls and traffic studies determine the originating Party combined Reciprocal
Compensation Traffic and Toll Traffic on the same trunk group, the receiving
Party shall bill the higher of its interstate Switched Exchange Access Service
rates or its intrastate Switched Exchange Access Services rates for all traffic
that is Passed without CPN'
6.2 At such time as a receiving Party has the capability, on an automated basis, to use such
CPN to classify traffic delivered over lnterconnection Trunks by the other Party by Traffic
Rate type (e.g., Reciprocal Compensation Traffic/Measured lnternet Traffic, intrastate
Switched Exchange Access Service, interstate Switched Exchange Access Service, or
intrastate/interstate Tandem Transit Traffic), such receiving Party shall bill the originating
Party the Traffic Rate applicable to each relevant minute of traffic for which CPN is
passed. lf the receiving Party lacks the capability, on an automated basis, to use CPN
information on an automated basis to classify traffic delivered by the other Party by
Traffic Rate type, the originating Party will supply Traffic Factor 1 and Traffic Factor 2.
The Traffic Factors shall be supplied in writing by the originating Party within thirty (30)
days of the Effective Date and shall be updated in writing by the originating Party
quarterly. Measurement of billing minutes for purposes of determining terminating
compensation shall be in conversation seconds (the time in seconds that the Parties
equipment is used for a completed call, measured from the receipt of answer supervision
to the receipt of disconnect supervision). Measurement of billing minutes for originating
toll free service access code (e.9., 800/888/877) calls shall be in accordance with
applicable Tariffs. Measured lnternet Traffic and Reciprocal Compensation Traffic shall
be exchanged by the parties on a bill and keep basis'
6.3 Each Party reserves the right to audit all Traffic, up to a maximum of two audits per
Calendar Year, to ensure that rates are being applied appropriately; provided, however,
that either Party shall have the right to conduct additional audit(s) if the preceding audit
disclosed material errors or discrepancies. Each Party agrees to provide the necessary
Traffic data in conjunction with any such audit in a timely manner.
6.4 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit either Party's ability to designate the
areas within which that Party's Customers may make calls which that Party rates as
"local" in its Customer Tariffs.
6.5 lf and, to the extent that, an Onvoy Customer receives V/FX Traffic, Onvoy shall promptly
provide notice thereof to Frontier (such notice to include, without limitation, the specific
telephone number(s) that the Customer uses for V/FX Traffic, as well as the LATA in
which the Customer's station is actually physically located) and shall not bill Frontier
Reciprocal Compensation, intercarrier compensation or any other charges for calls
placed by Frontier's Customers to such Onvoy Customers.
7 Reciprocal Gompensation Arrangements Pursuant to Section 25f (bX5) of the Act
061218,docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 60

7.1 Reciprocal Compensation.
The Parties shall exchange Reciprocal Compensation Traffic at the technically feasible
Point(s) of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA designated in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement. The Party's will exchange Reciprocal Compensation
Traffic on a bill and keep basis. No additional charges shall be assessed by the
terminating Party for the transport and termination of such traffic from the technically
feasible Point(s) of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA to its Customer;
provided, however, for the avoidance of any doubt, onvoy shall also pay Frontier, at the
rates set forth in the Pricing Attachment, for any multiplexing, cross connects or other
collocation related Services that Onvoy obtains from Frontier. When Toll Traffic is
delivered over the same lnterconnection Trunks as Reciprocal Compensation Traffic, any
port, transport or other applicable access charges related to the delivery of Toll Traffic
from the technically feasible Point of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA to
the terminating Party's Customer shall be prorated so as to apply only to the Toll Traffic.
The designation of traffic as Reciprocal Compensation Traffic for purposes of Reciprocal
Compensation shall be based on the actual originating and terminating points of the
complete end-to-end communication.
7.2
Traffic Not Subject to Reciprocal Compensation.
7.2'1
Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to interstate or intrastate Exchange
Access (including, without limitation, Virtual Foreign Exchange Traffic (i.e.,
V/FX Traffic), lnformation Access, or exchange services for Exchange Access
or lnformation Access.
7.2.2 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to lnternet Traffic.
7.2.3 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Toll Traffic, including, but not
limited to, calls originated on a 1+ presubscription basis, or on a casual dialed
(1 0XXX/1 01 XXXX) basis.
7.2.4 Reciprocal compensation shall not apply to optional Extended Local cailing
Scope Arrangement Traffic.
7.2.5 Reciprocal compensation shall not apply to speciaf access, private line, or any
other traffic that is not switched by the terminating Party.
7.2.6 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Tandem Transit Traffic.
7.2.7 Reciprocal compensation shall not apply to Voice lnformation service Traffic
(as defined in Section 5 of the Additional Services Attachment).
7.2.8 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to traffic that is not subject to
Reciprocal Compensation under Section 251(bX5) of the Act.
7.2.9 Reciprocal compensation shall not apply to Virtual Foreign Exchange Traffic
(i.e., V/FX Traffic). As used in this Agreement, "Virtual Foreign Exchange
Traffic" or "V/FX Traffic" is defined as calls in which an Onvoy Customer is
assigned a telephone number with an NXX Code (as set forth in the LERG)
associated with an exchange that is different than the exchange (as set forth in
the LERG) associated with the actual physical location of such customer's
station. For the avoidance of any doubt, onvoy shall pay Frontier's originating
access charges for all V/FX Traffic originated by a Frontier Customer, and
Onvoy shall pay Frontier's terminating access charges for all V/FX Traffic
originated by an Onvoy Customer,
Onvoy Comprehensivê ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 61

8. Other Types of Traffic
8.1
flntentionally Left Blank].
8.2
lnterstate and intrastate Exchange Access, lnformation Access, exchange services for
Exchange Access or lnformation Access, and Toll Traffic, shall be governed by the
applicable provisions of this Agreement and applicable Tariffs.
8.3
For any traffic originating with a third party carrier and delivered by Onvoy to Frontier,
Onvoy shall pay Frontier the same amount that such third party carrier would have been
obligated to pay Frontier for termination of that traffic at the location the traffic is delivered
to Frontier by Onvoy.
8.4
Any traffic not specifically addressed in this Agreement shall be treated as required by
the applicable Tariff of the Party transporting and/or terminating the traffic.
8.5
The Parties may also exchange lnternet Traffic at the technically feasible Point(s) of
lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA established hereunder for the exchange
of Reciprocal Compensation Traffic. Any intercarrier compensation that may be due in
connection with the Parties' exchange of lnternet Traffic shall be applied at such
technically feasible Point of lnterconnection on Frontier's network in a LATA in
accordance with the FCC lnternet Orders and other applicable FCC orders and FCC
Regulations.
9. Transmission and Routing of Exchange Access Traffic
9.1
Scope of Traffic.
Section 9 prescribes parameters for certain trunks to be established over the
lnterconnections specified in Sections 2 through 5 of this Attachment for the transmission
and routing of traffic between Onvoy Telephone Exchange Service Customers and
lnterexchange Carriers ("Access Toll Connecting Trunks"), in any case where Onvoy
elects to have its End Office Switch subtend a Frontier Tandem. This includes casually-
dialed (101OXXX and 1O1XXXX) traffic.
9.2
Access Toll Connecting Trunk Group Architecture.
9,2.1
lf Onvoy chooses to subtend a Frontier access Tandem, Onvoy's NPA/NXX
must be assigned by Onvoy to subtend the same Frontier access Tandem that
a Frontier NPA/NXX serving the same Rate Center Area subtends as identified
in the LERG.
9.2.2
Onvoy shall establish Access Toll Connecting Trunks pursuant to applicable
access Tariffs by which it will provide Switched Exchange Access Services to
lnterexchange Carriers to enable such lnterexchange Carriers to originate and
terminate traffic to and from Onvoy's Customers.
9.2.3
The Access Toll Connecting Trunks shall be two-way trunks. Such trunks shall
connect the End Office Onvoy utilizes to provide Telephone Exchange Service
and Switched Exchange Access to its Customers in a given LATA to the
access Tandem(s) Frontier utilizes to provide Exchange Access in such LATA.
9.2.4
Access Toll Connecting Trunks shall be used solely for the transmission and
routing of Exchange Access to allow Onvoy's Customers to connect to or be
connected to the interexchange trunks of any lnterexchange Carrier which is
connected to a Frontier access Tandem.
10. Meet-Point Billing (MPB) Arrangements
Onvoy Comprehensivê ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 62

10.1
Onvoy and Frontier will establish MPB arrangements in order to provide a common
transport option to Switched Exchange Access Services customers via a Frontier access
Tandem Switch in accordance with the MPB guidelines contained in the OBF's MECAB
and MECOD documents, except as modified herein, and in Frontier's applicable Tariffs.
ïhe arrangements descrlbed ln thls Sectlon 10 are lntênded to be used tö provldê
Switched Exchange Access Service where the transport component of the Switched
Exchange Access Service is routed through an access Tandem Switch that is provided
by Frontier.
10.2
ln each LATA, the Parties shall establish MPB arrangements for the applicable Onvoy
Routing PoinVFrontier Serving lnterconnection Wire Center combinations.
10.3 lnterconnection for the MPB arrangement shall occur at each of the Frontier access
Tandems in the LATA, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties.
10.4 Onvoy and Frontier will use reasonable efforts, individually and collectively, to maintain
provisions in their respective state access Tariffs, and/or provisions within the National
Exchange Carrier Association (NECA) Tariff No, 4, or any successor Tariff sufficient to
reflect the MPB arrangements established pursuant to this Agreement.
10.5 ln general, there are four alternative MPB arrangements possible, which are: Single
Bill/Single Tariff, Multiple Bill/Single Tariff, Multiple Bill/Multiple Tariff, and Single
Bill/Multiple Tariff, as outlined in the OBF MECAB Guidelines.
Each Party shall ìmplement the "Multiple Bill/Single Tariff' or "Multiple Bill/Multiple Tariff'
option, as appropriate, in order to bill an IXC for the portion of the MPB arrangement
provided by that Party. Alternatively, in former Bell Atlantic service areas, upon
agrêement of the Parties, each Party may use the New York State Access Pool on its
behalf to implement the Single Bill/Multiple Tariff or Single Bill/Single Tariff option, as
appropriate, in order to bill an IXC for the portion of the MPB arrangement provided by
that Party.
10.6 The rates to be billed by each Party for the portion of the MPB arrangement provided by it
shall be as set forth in that Party's applicable Tariffs, or other document that contains the
terms under which that Party's access services are offered. For each Onvoy Routing
PoinUFrontier Serving lnterconnection Wire Center combination, the MPB billing
percentages for transport between the Onvoy Routing Point and the Frontier Serving
lnterconnection Wire Center shall be calculated in accordance with the formula set forth
in Section 10.17 of this Attachment.
10.7 Each Party shall provide the other Party with the billing name, billing address, and Carrier
ldentification Code (ClC) of the lXC, and identification of the Frontier lnterconnection
Wire Center serving the IXC in order to comply with the MPB notification process as
outlined in the MECAB document.
10.8 Frontier shall provide Onvoy with the Terminating Switched Access Detail Usage Data
(EMl category 1101XX records) recorded at the Frontier access Tandem on cartridge or
via such other media as the Parties may agree to, no later than ten (10) Business Days
after the date the usage occurred.
10.9 Onvoy shall provide Frontier with the Originating Switched Access Detail Usage Data
(EMl category 1101XX records) on cartridge or via such other media as the Parties may
agree, no later than ten (10) Business Days after the date the usage occurred.
10.10 All usage data to be provided pursuant to Sections 10.8 and '10.9 of this Attachment shall
be sent to the following addresses:
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 63

To Onvoy:
Onvoy, LLC
Attention:John Green
550 West Adams Street, Suite 900
Chicago, lL 60661
For Frontier:
Frontier Communications
Attention: Access Billing
1225 Jefferson Road, Suite A 201
Rochester, NY 14623
Either Party may change its address for receiving usage data by notifying the other Party
in writing pursuant to Section 29 of the General Terms and Conditions.
10.11 Onvoy and Frontier shall coordinate and exchange the billing account reference (BAR)
and billing account cross reference (BACR) numbers or Operating Company Number
('OCN'), as appropriate, for the MPB arrangements described in this Section 10. Each
Party shall notify the other if the level of billing or other BAR/BACR elements change,
resulting in a new BAR/BACR number, or if the OCN changes'
10.12 Each Party agrees to provide the other Party with notification of any errors it discovers in
MPB data within thirty (30) calendar days of the receipt of the original data. The other
Party shall attempt to correct the error and resubmit the data within ten (10) Business
Days of the notification. ln the event the errors cannot be corrected within such ten- (10)
Buåiness-Day period, the erroneous data will be considered lost. ln the event of a loss of
data, whether due to uncorrectable errors or otherwise, both Parties shall cooperate to
reconstruct the lost data and, if such reconstruction is not possible, shall accept a
reasonable estimate of the lost data based upon prior usage data.
10.13 Either Party may request a review or audit of the various components of access recording
up to a maximum of two (2) audits per calendar year. All costs associated with each
review and audit shall be borne by the requesting Party. Such review or audit shall be
conducted subject to Section 7 of the General Terms and Conditions and during regular
business hours. A Party may conduct additional audits, at its expense, upon the other
Party's consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
10.14 Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, nothing contained in this Section 10 shall
create any liability for damages, losses, claims, costs, injuries, expenses or other
liabilities whatsoever on the part of either Party.
10.15 MPB will apply for all traffic bearing the 500, 900, toll free service access code (e.9.
800/888/877) (to the extent provided by an IXC) or any other non-geographic NPA which
may be designated for such traffic in the future.
10.16 ln the event Onvoy determines to offer Telephone Exchange Services in a LATA in which
Frontier operates an access Tandem Switch, Frontier shall permit and enable Onvoy to
subtend the Frontier access Tandem Switch(es) designated for the Frontier End Offices
in the area where there are located Onvoy Routing Point(s) associated with the NPA
M(X(s) to/from which the Switched Exchange Access Services are homed.
10.17 Except as otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties, the MPB billing percentages for
each Routing Point/Frontier Serving lnterconnection Wire Center combination shall be
calculated according to the following formula, unless as mutually agreed to by the
Parties:
06121B.docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 64

a/(a+b)
Onvoy Billing Percentage
and
b/(a+b)
Frontier Billing Percentage
where:
a =
the airline mileage between Onvoy Routing Point and the actual point of
interconnection for the MPB arrangement; and
þ =
the airline mileage between the Frontier Serving lnterconnection Wire
Center and the actual point of interconnection for the MpB arrangement.
10.18 Onvoy shall inform Frontier of each LATA in which it intends to offer Telephone
Exchange Services and its calculation of the billing percentages which should apply for
such arrangement. Within ten (10) Business Days of Onvoy's delivery of notice to
Frontier, Frontier and Onvoy shall confirm the Routing PoinUFrontier Serving
lnterconnection Wire Center combination and billing percentages.
11. Toll Free Service Access Code (e.9., 800/888/872) Traffic
The following terms shall apply when either Party delivers toll free service access code (e.g.,
800/877|888X.8YY') calls to the other Party. For the purposes of this Section 11, the terms
'translated" and "untranslated" refers to those toll free service access code calls that have been
queried ("translated") or have not been queried ("untranslated") to an 8YY database, Except as
otherwise agreed to by the Parties, all Onvoy originating "untranslated" 8YY traffic will be routed
over a separate One-Way miscellaneous Trunk group.
11.1
when onvoy delivers translated 8YY calls to Frontier to be completed by
11.1.1
an IXC:
11 .1.'l.1 Onvoy will provide an appropriate EMI record to Frontier;
11 .1 .1.2 Onvoy will bill the IXC the Onvoy's applicable Switched Exchange
Access Tariff charges and the Onvoy's applicable Tariff query
charges; and
11.1.1.3 Frontier will bill the IXC Frontier's applicable Switched Exchange
Access Tariff charges.
11.1.2 Frontier:
11.1.2.1 Onvoy will provide an appropriate EMI record to Frontier; and
11.1.2.2 Onvoy will bill Frontier the Onvoy's Switched Exchange Access
Tariff charges and the Onvoy's applicable Tariff query charge.
1"t.1.3 a toll free service access code service provider in that LATA:
11 .1.3.1 onvoy will provide an appropriate EMI record to Frontier and the toll
free service access code service provider;
11.1.3.2 onvoy will bill the toll free service access code service provider the
Onvoy's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges and
the Onvoy's applicable Tariff query charges; and
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 65

11.1.3.3 Frontier will bill the toll free service access code service provider
Frontier's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges.
11.2 When Frontier performs the query and delivers translated 8YY calls, originated by
Frontier's Customer or another LEC's Customer to Onvoy to be completed by
11.2.1
Onvoy:
11.2.'l.1 Frontier will provide an appropriate EMI record to Onvoy; and
11.2.1.2 Frontier will bill Onvoy Frontier's applicable Switched Exchange
Access Tariff charges and Frontier's applicable Tariff query charges,
11.2.2 a toll free service access code service provider in that LATA:
11.2.2.1 Frontier will provide an appropriate EMI record to Onvoy and the toll
free service access code service provider;
11.2.2.2 Frontier will bill the toll free service access code service provider
Frontier's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges and
Frontier's applicable Tariff query charges; and
11.2.2.3 Onvoy will bill the toll free service access code service provider the
Onvoy's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges'
11.3 When Onvoy delivers untranslated 8YY calls to Frontier to be completed by
11.3.1
an IXC:
11.3.1.1 Frontier will query the call and route the call to the appropriate IXC;
11.3.1,2 Frontier will provide an appropriate EMI record to Onvoy;
11.3.1.3 Frontier will bill the IXC Frontier's applicable Switched Exchange
Access Tariff charges and Frontier's applicable Tariff query charges;
and
11.3.1.4 Onvoy will bill the IXC Onvoy's applicable Switched Exchange
Access Tariff charges.
11.3.2 Frontier:
11.3.2.1 Frontier will query the call and complete the call;
11.3.2.2 Frontier will provide an appropriate EMI record to Onvoy;
11.3.2.3 Onvoy will bill Frontier the Onvoy's applicable Switched Exchange
Access Tariff charges.
11.3.3 a tollfree service access code service provider in that LATA:
11.3.3.1 Frontier will query the call and route the call to the appropriate toll
free service access code service provider;
11.3.3.2 Frontier will provide an appropriate EMI record to Onvoy and the toll
free service access code service provider;
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensivê ICA NE CTC 66

11.3.3.3 Frontíer will bill the toll free service access code service provider
Frontier's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff and
Frontier's applícable Tariff query charges; and
11.3.3,4 Onvoy will bill the toll free service access code service provider the
Onvoy's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges.
11.4
Frontier will not direct untranslated toll free service access code calls to Onvoy.
12. Tandem Transit Traffic
12.1
As used in this Section, Tandem Transit Traffic is Telephone Exchange Service traffic
that originates on Onvoy's network, and is transported through Frontier's Tandem to the
subtending End Office or its equivalent of another carrier (CLEC, ILEC other than
Frontier, Commercial Mobile Radio Service (CMRS) carrier, or other LEC ("Other
Carrie/'). Neither the originating nor terminating customer is a Customer of Frontier.
Subtending End Offices shall be determined in accordance with and as identified in the
Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG). For the avoidance of any doubt, under no
circumstances shall Frontier be required to transit traffic through a Frontier Tandem to a
Central Office that the LERG does not identify as subtending that particular Frontier
Tandem. Switched Exchange Access Service traffic is not Tandem Transit Traffic.
12.2
Tandem Transit Traffic Service provides Onvoy with the transport of Tandem Transit
Traffic as provided below.
12.3
Tandem Transit Traffic may be routed over the lnterconnection Trunks described in
Sections 2 through 6 of this Attachment. Onvoy shall deliver each Tandem Transit Traffic
oall to Frontier's Tandem with CCS and the appropriate Transactional Capabilities
Application Part ("TCAP") message to facilitate full interoperability of CLASS Features
and billing functions.
12.4
Onvoy may use Tandem Transit Traffic Service only for traffic that originates on Onvoy's
network and only to send traffic to an Other Carrier with whom Onvoy has a reciprocal
traffic exchange arrangement (either via written agreement or mutual tariffs) that provides
for the Other Carrier, to terminate or complete traffic originated by Onvoy and to bill
Onvoy, and not to bill Frontier, for such traffic. Onvoy agrees not to use Frontier's
Tandem Transit Traffic Service to send traffic to an Other Carrier with whom Onvoy does
not have such a reciprocal traffic exchange arrangement or to send traffic that does not
originate on Onvoy's network.
12.5
Onvoy shall pay Frontier for Tandem Transit Traffic Service at the rates specified in the
Pricing Attachment. Frontier will not be liable for compensation to any Other Carrier for
any traffic that is transported through Frontier's Tandem and Frontier reserves the right to
assess to Onvoy any additional charges or costs any Other Carrier imposes or levies on
Frontier for the delivery or termination of such traffic, including any Switched Exchange
Access Service charges. lf Frontier is billed by any Other Carrier for any traffic originated
by Onvoy, Frontier may provide notice to Onvoy of such billing. Upon receipt of such
notice, Onvoy shall immediately stop using Frontier's Tandem Transit Traffic Service to
send any traffic to such Other Carrier until it has provided to Frontier certification that the
Other Carrier has removed such billed charges from its bill to Frontier and that the Other
Carrier will not bill Frontier for any traffic originated by Onvoy. Such certification must be
signed by an authorized officer or agent of the Other Carrier and must be in a form
acceptable to Frontier.
12.6
lf Onvoy uses Tandem Transit Traffic Service for traffic volumes that exceed the Centum
Call Seconds (Hundred Call Seconds) busy hour equivalent of 200,000 combined
minutes of use per month (a DS1 equivalent) to the subtending End Office of a particular
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 67

Other Carrier for any month (the "Threshold Level"). Onvoy shall use good faith efforts to
establish direct interconnection with such Other Carrier and reduce such traffic volumes
below the Threshold Level. lf Frontier believes that Onvoy has not exercised good faith
efforts promptly to obtain such direct interconnection, either Party may use the Dispute
Resolution processes of this Agreement.
12.7 lf Onvoy fails to comply with Section l2 of this Attachment, such failure shall be a
material breach of a material provision of this Agreement and Frontier may exercise any
and all remedies under this Agreement and Applicable Law for such breach.
12.8 lf or when a third party carrier plans to subtend an Onvoy switch, then Onvoy shall
provide written notice to Frontier at least ninety (90) days before such subtending service
arrangement becomes effective so that Frontier may negotiate and establish direct
interconnection with such third party carrier. Upon written request from Frontier, Onvoy
shall offer to Frontier a service arrangement equivalent to or the same as Tandem Transit
Traffic Service provided by Frontier to Onvoy as defined in this Section such that Frontier
may terminate calls to a Central Office or its equivalent of a CLEC, ILEC other than
Frontier, CMRS carrier, or other LEC, that subtends an Onvoy Central Office or its
equivalent ("Reciprocal Tandem Transit Service"). Onvoy shall offer such Reciprocal
Transit Service arrangements under terms and conditions of an amendment to this
Agreement or a separate agreement no less favorable than those provided in this
Section.
12.9 Neither Party shall take any actions to prevent the other Party from entering into a direct
and reciprocal traffic exchange arrangement with any carrier to which it originates, or
from which it terminates, traffic.
13. Number Resources, Rate Center Areas and Routing Points
13.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or otherwise adversely affect in any
manner either Party's right to employ or to request and be assigned any Central Office
Codes ("NXX') pursuant to the Central Office Code Assignment Guidelines and any
relevant FCC or Commission orders, as may be amended from time to time, or to
establish, by Tariff or otherwise, Rate Center Areas and Routing Points corresponding to
such NXX codes.
13.2 lt shall be the responsibility of each Party to program and update its own switches and
network systems pursuant to information provided on ASRs as well as the LERG in order
to recognize and route traffic to the other Party's assigned NXX codes. Except as
expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither Party shall impose any fees or charges
whatsoever on the other Party for such activities.
13.3 Unless otherwise required by Commission order, the Rate Center Areas will be the same
for each Party. During the term of this Agreement, Onvoy shall adopt the Rate Center
Area and Rate Center Points that the Commission has approved for Frontier within the
LATA and Tandem serving area. Onvoy shall assign whole NPA-NXX codes to each
Rate Center Area unless otherwise ordered by the FCC, the Commission or another
governmental entity of appropriate jurisdiction, or the LEC industry adopts alternative
methods of utilizing NXXs.
13.4 Onvoy will also designate a Routing Point for each assigned NXX code. Onvoy shall
designate one location for each Rate Center Area in which the Onvoy has established
NXX code(s) as the Routing Point for the NPA-NXXs associated with that Rate Center
Area, and such Routing Point shall be within the same LATA as the Rate Center Area but
not necessarily within the Rate Center Area itself. Unless specified otherwise, calls to
subsequent NXXs of Onvoy will be routed in the same manner as calls to Onvoy's initial
NXXs.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 68

13.5
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement is
intended, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed, to in any way constrain
Onvoy's choices regarding the size of the local calling area(s) that Onvoy may establish
for its Customers, which local calling areas may be larger than, smaller than, or identical
to Frontier's local calling areas.
14. Joint Network lmplementation and Grooming Process; Forecasting
'14.1
Joint Network lmplementation and Grooming Process.
Upon request of either Party, the Parties shalljointly develop an implementation and
grooming process (the "Joint Grooming Process" or "Joint Process") which may define
and detail, inter alia:
14.1.1 standards to ensure that lnterconnection Trunks experience a grade of service,
availability and quality which is comparable to that achieved on interoffice
trunks within Frontier's network and in accord with all appropriate relevant
industry-accepted quality, reliability and availability standards. Except as
otherwise stated in this Agreement, trunks provided by either Party for
lnterconnection services will be engineered using a design-blocking objective
of B.01.
14.1.2 the respective duties and responsibilities of the Parties with respect to the
administration and maintenance of the trunk groups, including, but not limited
to, standards and procedures for notification and discoveries of trunk
disconnects;
14.1.3 disaster recovery provision escalations;
14.1,4 additional technically feasible Point(s) of lnterconnection on Frontier's network
ín a LATA as provided in Section 2 of this Attachment; and
14.1.5 such other matters as the Parties may agree, including, e.g., End Office to End
Office high usage trunks as good engineering practices may dictate.
14.2
TrunkForecastingRequirements.
14.2.1
lnitial Trunk Forecast Reouirements. At least ninety (90) days before initiating
interconnection in a LATA, Onvoy shall provide Frontier a two (2)-year traffic
forecast that complies with the Frontier lnterconnection Trunking Forecast
Guide, as revised from time to time. This initial traffic forecast will provide the
amount of traffic to be delivered to and from Frontier over each of the
lnterconnection Trunk groups in the LATA over the next eight (8) quarters.
14.2.2
Onqoino Trunk Forecast Requirements. Where the Parties have already
established interconnection in a LATA, Onvoy shall provide a new or revised
traffic forecast that complies with the Frontier lnterconnection Trunking
Forecast Guide when Onvoy develops plans or becomes aware of information
that will materially affect the Parties' interconnection in that LATA. lnstances
that require a new or revised forecast include, but are not limited to: (a) Onvoy
plans to deploy a new switch; (b) Onvoy plans to implement a new pOl or
network architecture; (c) Onvoy plans to rearrange its network; (d) Onvoy
plans to convert a One-Way lnterconnection Trunk group to a Two-Way
lnterconnection Trunk group; (e) Onvoy plans to convert a Two-Way
lnterconnection Trunk group to a One-Way lnterconnection Trunk group; or (f)
Onvoy expects a significant change in interconnection traffic volume. ln
addition, upon request by either Party, the Parties shall meet to: (i) review
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 69

traffic and usage data on End Office and Tandem lnterconnection Trunk
groups and (ii) determine whether the Parties should establish new
lnterconnection Trunk groups, augment existing lnterconnection Trunk groups,
or disconnect existing lnterconnection Trunks.
14.2.3 Use of Trunk Forecasts. Trunk forecasts provided pursuant to this Agreement
must be prepared in good faith but are not otherwise binding on Onvoy or
Frontier.
15.
Number Portability - Section 25f (BX2)
15.1
Scope.
The Parties shall provide Number Portability (NP) in accordance with rules and
regulations as from time to time prescribed by the FCC.
15.2 Procedures for Providing LNP ("Local Number Portability").
The Parties will follow the LNP provisioning process recommended by the North
American Numbering Council(NANC) and the lndustry Numbering Council(lNC), and
adopted by the FCC. ln addition, the Parties agree to follow the LNP ordering
procedures established at the OBF. The Parties shall provide LNP on a reciprocal basis
'15.2.1 A Customer of one Party ("Party A") elects to become a Customer of the other
Party ("Party B"). The Customer elects to utilize the original telephone
number(s) corresponding to the Telephone Exchange Service(s) it previously
received from Party A, in conjunction with the Telephone Exchange Service(s)
it will now receive from Party B. After Party B has received authorization from
the Customer in accordance with Applicable Law and sends an LSR to Party
A, Parties A and B will work together to port the Customer's telephone
number(s) from Party A's network to Party B's network.
15.2.2 When a telephone number is ported out of Party A's network, Party A will
remove any non-proprietary line based calling card(s) associated with the
ported number(s) from its Line lnformation Database (LIDB). Reactivation of
the line-based calling card in another LIDB, if desired, is the responsibility of
Party B or Party B's Customer.
15.2.3 When a Customer of Party A ports their telephone numbers to Party B and the
Customer has previously secured a reservation of line numbers from Party A
for possible activation at a future point, these reserved but inactive numbers
may be ported along with the active numbers to be ported provided the
numbers have been reserved for the Customer. Party B may request that
Party A port all reserved numbers assigned to the Gustomer or that Party A
port only those numbers listed by Party B. As long as Party B maintains
reserved but inactive numbers ported for the Customer, Party A shall not
reassign those numbers. Party B shall not reassign the reserved numbers to
another Customer.
15.2.4 When a Customer of Party A ports their telephone numbers to Party B, in the
process of porting the Customer's telephone numbers, Party A shall implement
the ten-digit trigger feature where it is available. When Party A receives the
porting request, the unconditional trigger shall be applied to the Customer's
line before the due date of the porting activity. When the ten-digit
unconditional trigger is not available, Party A and Party B must coordinate the
disconnect activity.
Onvoy Comprèhensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 70

15.2.5 The Parties shall furnish each other with the Jurisdiction lnformation
Parameter (JlP) in the lnitial Address Message (lAM), according to industry
standards.
15.2.6 Where LNP is commercially available, the NXXs in the office shall be defined
as portable, except as noted in 15.2.7, and translations will be changed in the
Parties' switches to open thòse NXXs for database queries in all applicable
LNP capable offices within the LATA of the given switch(es). On a prospective
basis, all newly deployed switches will be equipped with LNP capability and so
noted in the LERG.
15.2.7
All N)üs assigned to LNP capable switches are to be designated as portable
unless a NXX(s) has otherwise been designated as non-portable. Non-
portable NXXs include NXX codes assigned to paging services; NXX codes
assigned for internal testíng and official use, and any other NXX codes
required to be designated as non-portable by the rules and regulations of the
FCC. NXX codes assigned to mass calling on a choked network may not be
ported using LNP technology but are portable using methods established by
the NANC and adopted by the FCC. On a prospective basis, newly assigned
codes in switches capable of porting shall become commercially available for
porting with the effective date in the network.
15.2.8
Both Parties' use of LNP shall meet the performance criteria specified by the
FCC. Both Parties will act as the default carrier for the other Party in the event
that either Party is unable to perform the routing necessary for LNP.
15.3 Procedures for Providing NP Through Full NXX Code Migration.
Where a Party has activated an entire NXX for a single Customer, or activated at least
eighty percent (80%) of an NXX for a single Customer, with the remaining numbers in
that NXX either reserved for future use by that Customer or othen¡vise unused, if such
Customer chooses to receive Telephone Exchange Service from the other Party, the first
Party shall cooperate with the second Party to have the entire NXX reassigned in the
LERG (and associated industry databases, routing tables, etc.) to an End Office operated
by the second Party. Such transfer will be accomplished with appropriate coordination
between the Parties and subject to appropriate industry lead times for movements of
NXXs from one switch to another. Neither Party shall charge the other in connection with
this coordinated transfer.
15.4
Procedures for LNP Request.
The Parties shall provide for the requesting of End Office LNP capability on a reciprocal
basis through a written request. The Parties acknowledge that Frontier has deployed
LNP throughout its network in compliance with FCC 96-286 and other applicable FCC
Regulations.
15.4.1 lf Party B desires to have LNP capability deployed in an End Office of Party A,
which is not currently capable, Party B shall issue a LNP request to Party A.
Party A will respond to the Party B, within ten (10) days of receipt of the
request, with a date for which LNP will be available in the requested End
Office. Party A shall proceed to provide for LNP in compliance with the
procedures and timelines set forth in FCC 96-286, Paragraph 80, and FCC 97-
74, Paragraphs 65 through 67.
15.4.2 The Parties acknowledge that each can determine the LNP-capable End
Offices of the other through the Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG). ln
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 71

addition, the Parties shall make information available upon request showing
their respective LNP-capable End Offices, as set forth in this Section 15.4.
15.5 Onvoy shall submit orders to port numbers electronically using an LSR via the Frontier
web Graphical User lnterface ('GUl") or Electronic Data lnterface ("EDl") pursuant to the
instructions, business rules and guidelines set forth on Frontier's Wholesale website.
16. Good Faith Performance
lf and, to the extent that, Frontier, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, has not provided
in the State of Nebraska a Service offered under this Attachment, Frontier reserves the right to
negotiate in good faith with Onvoy reasonable terms and conditions (including, without limitation,
ratés and implementation timeframes) for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such
terms and conditions (including, without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either
Party may utilize the Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 72

TRAFFIC EXCHANGE ATTACHM ENT
1. General
Where both Parties subtend the same Tandem Switch operated by a third party (such third party
hereinafter referred to as the "Third Party Tandem Provider" and such switch hereinafter referred
to as the "Third Party Tandem Switch"), then, subject to the terms and conditions of this
Attachment, for those NPA/NXX codes assigned by each Party to Rate Center Areas served by
that Third Party Tandem Switch, the Parties may reciprocally exchange Reciprocal Compensation
Ïraffic, Measured lnternet Traffic, intraLATA Toll Traffic, and translated lntraLATA toll free servics
1c9e9s code traffic, originated by their respective Customers, through that Third Party Tandem
Switch. For the avoidance of any doubt, nothing in this Attachmentlhall preclude thé part¡es
from interconnecting their networks in accordance with the lnterconnection Attachment, which
lnterconnection Attachment must be a part of the Agreement,
2. Arrangements With Third Party Tandem Provider
2'1
The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in order to exchange Reciprocal Compensation
Traffic, Measured lnternet Traffic, lntraLATA Toll Traffic, and translated IntraLATA toll
free service access code traffic under this Attachment, each Party must have established
and must maintain its own interconnection and compensation arrangements with the
Third Party Tandem Provider for the routing and exchange of the foregoing traffic
between the Parties under this Attachment (e.g., arrangements that permii the subject
traffic to be exchanged through the Third Party Tandem Provider). ln addition, the-
Parties must also fulfill each of the other requirements of this Attachment.
2.1.1
lf such arrangements between a Party and the Third Party Tandem Provider
.
are terminated (e.9., where a Third Party Tandem Provider does not permit a
Party to exchange the foregoing traffic using the Thírd Party Tandem Switch),
that Party shall promptly give written notice thereof to the other Party. Absent
the existence of such arrangements with the Third Party Tandem Provider,
each Party shall have the right, on written notice to the other Party, to
discontinue exchanging the foregoing traffic with the other Party (i.e., receiving
such traffic from or, sending such traffic to, the other Party) under this
Attachment,
2.1'2
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, on one hundred twenty
(120) days written notice, a Party may discontinue exchanging the foregoing
traffic with the other Party under this Attachment.
2.2 Forecasting Requirements.
2.2.1 Within ninety (90) days of executing the Agreement, Onvoy shall provide
Frontier a two (2)-year traffic forecast. This initial forecast will provide the
amount of traffic to be delivered to and from Frontier pursuant to this
Attachment, over the next eight (8) quarters.
2.2.2 Ongoing forecast requirements. Where the Parties are already exchanging
traffic through a Third Party Tandem switch in a LATA, onvoy shall providà a
new or revised traffic forecast when onvoy develops plans or becomes aware
of information that will materially affect the Parties' exchange of traffic through
such rhird Party Tandem switch in that LATA. lnstances that require a new or
revised forecast include, but are not limited to: (i) Onvoy plans to deploy a new
switch; (ii) onvoy plans to implement interconnection in accordance with the
lnterconnection Attachment or a new network architecture; (iii) onvoy plans to
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 73

rearrange its network; or (iv) Onvoy expects a significant change in traffic
volume.
2.2.3
Use of Forecasts. Forecasts provided pursuant to this Agreement are not
binding on Onvoy or Frontier.
2.3 Prior to exchanging traffic through a Third Party Tandem Switch, Onvoy shall meet with
Frontier to conduct a joint planning meeting ("Third Party Tandem Provider Joint Planning
Meeting"). At that Third Party Tandem Provider Joint Planning Meeting, each Party shall,
among other things, provide to the other Party originating Centum Call Second (Hundred
Call Second) information.
2.4 lf and, when, the volume of traffic exchanged between a Frontier End Office and Onvoy
switch through a Third Party Tandem Switch exceeds (a) the Centum Call Second
(Hundred Call Second) busy hour equivalent of one (1) DS-1 at any time; (b) 200,000
combined minutes of use for any month; (c) 600 busy hour Centum Call Seconds
(BHCCS) of use for a single month, upon the written request of either Party, the Parties
shall meet promptly and consider whether to interconnect their respective networks
pursuant to the lnterconnection Attachment. ln the event the Parties so interconnect their
respective networks, the Parties shall discontinue exchanging any and all traffic through
the Third Party Tandem Switch, unless the Parties otherwise agree to contínue
exchanging traffic but, on an overflow basis, through the Third Party Tandem Switch.
2.5 Nothing in this Attachment shall be read to require either Party to establish and/or
maintain a subtending arrangement with a Third Party Tandem Provider.
3. lnitiating Traffic Exchange Under This Attachment
3.1
lf Onvoy determines to offer Telephone Exchange Services and wishes to exchange
traffic with Frontier through a Third Party Tandem Switch in any LATA in which Frontier
also offers Telephone Exchange Services, Onvoy shall provide written notice to Frontier
of its request to exchange traffic through a Third Party Tandem Switch in such LATA
pursuant to this Attachment.
3.2
The notice provided in Section 3.1 of this Attachment shall include (a) Onvoy's proposed
traffic exchange activation date; (b) a forecast of Onvoy's traffic volumes conforming to
Section 2 of this Attachment; and (c) such other information as Frontier shall reasonably
request in order to facilitate traffic exchange under this Attachment.
3,3
The traffic exchange activation date in the new LATA shall be mutually agreed to by the
Parties after receipt by Frontier of all necessary information as indicated in Section 3.2 of
this Attachment.
4. Traffic Measurement and Billing
4.1
The Parties agree that they will make commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and
utilize accurate and complete recordings, of any traffic exchanged between them under
this Attachment, for use in billing.
4.2 At such time as a receiving Party has the capability, on an automated basis, to use CPN
to classify traffic from the other Party, exchanged under this Attachment, by traffìc type
(i.e., Reciprocal Compensation Traffic, Measured lnternet ïraffic, intraLATA Toll Traffic,
and lntraLATA toll free service access code traffic), such receiving Party shall bill the
originating Party the rate applicable to each relevant minute of traffic for which CPN is
received. lf the receiving Party lacks the capability, on an automated basis, to use CPN
information on an automated basis to classify traffic received from the other Party by
traffic type, the originating Party will supply Traffic Factor 1 and Traffic Factor 2. ln any
Onvoy Comprehensivê ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 74

case, the Traffic Factors shall be supplied in writing by the originating Party within thirty
(30) days of the Effective Date and shall be updated in writing by the originating Party
quarterly. Measurement of billing minutes for purposes of determining terminating
compensation shall be in conversation seconds (the time in seconds that a Party's
equipment is used for a completed call, measured from the receipt of answer supervision
to the receipt of disconnect supervision). Measurement of billing minutes for originating
toll free service access code (e.9., 800/888/877) calls shall be in accordance with
applicable Tariffs. Determination as to whether traffic is Reciprocal Compensation Traffic
I
or Measured lnternet Traffic shall be made in accordance with Paragraphs and 79, and
other applicable provisions, of the FCC lnternet Order (including, but not limited to, in
accordance with the rebuttable presumption established by the FCC lnternet Order that
traffic delivered to a carrier that exceeds a 3:1 ratio of terminating to originating traffic is
Measured lnternet Traffic, and in accordance with the process established by the FCC
lnternet Order for rebutting such presumption before the Commission).
4.3 Each Party reserves the right to audit all traffic exchanged under this Attachment, up to a
maximum of two audits per calendar year, to ensure that rates are being applied
appropriately; provided, however, that either Party shall have the right to conduct
additional audit(s) if the preceding audit disclosed material errors or discrepancies. Each
Party agrees to provide the necessary traffic data in conjunction with any such audit in a
timely manner.
4.4 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit either Party's ability to designate the
areas within which that Party's Customers may make calls which that Party rates as
"local" in its Customer Tariffs.
4.5
lf and, to the extent that, an Onvoy Customer receives V/FX Traffic exchanged under this
Attachment, Onvoy shall promptly provide notice thereof to Frontier (such notice to
include, without limitation, the specific telephone number(s) that the Customer uses for
V/FX Traffic, as well as the LATA in which the Customer's station is actually physically
located) and shall not bill Frontier Reciprocal Compensation, intercarrier compensation or
any other charges for calls placed by Frontier's Customers to such Onvoy Customers.
4.6
ln the event Onvoy provides service to any Customer who is also a third party
lnterconnected VolP Provider and Onvoy chooses to combine its traffic and the third
party lnterconnected VolP Provider's traffic onto Onvoy's trunk groups, Onvoy agrees to
be responsible for any compensation required under this Agreement. Frontier will not
provide any billing break down by OCN when traffic is commingled.
5. Reciprocal Compensation Arrangements Pursuant to Section 251(b[s) of the Act
5.1
ReciprocalCompensation.
The Party originating Reciprocal Compensation Traffic shall compensate the terminating
Party for the transport and termination of such traffic to its Customer in accordance with
Section 251(bX5) of the Act at the equal and symmetrical rates stated in the Pricing
Attachment; it being understood and agreed that because the Third Party Tandem
Provider is providing the tandem functionally to both Parties, Frontier shall charge (and
Onvoy shall pay Frontier) the End Office Reciprocal Compensation rate set forth in the
Pricing Attachment for Reciprocal Compensation Traffic Frontier receives from Onvoy
and Onvoy shall charge (and Frontier shall pay Onvoy) the End Office Reciprocal
Compensation rate set forth in the Pricing Attachment for Reciprocal Compensation
Traffic Onvoy receives from Frontier. No additional charges shall be assessed by the
terminating Party for the transport and termination of such traffic received from the other
Party; provided, however, for the avoidance of any doubt, neither Party may assess
upon, or pass through to, the other Party any charges billed by (or on behalf of) the Third
Party Tandem Provider, The designation of traffic as Reciprocal Compensation Traffic
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 0ô1218.docx 75

for purposes of Reciprocal Compensation shall be based on the actual originating and
terminating points of the complete end-to'end communication.
5.2
Traffic Not Subject to Reciprocal Compensation'
5.2.1 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to interstate or intrastate Exchange
Access (including, without limitation, Virtual Foreign Exchange Traffic (i.e.,
V/FX Traffic)), lnformation Access, or exchange services for Exchange Access
or lnformation Access.
5.2.2 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to lnternet Traffic.
5.2.3 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Toll Traffic, including, but not
limited to, calls originated on a 1+ presubscription basis, or on a casual dialed
(1 0XXX/1 01 XXXX) basis.
5.2.4 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Optional Extended Local Calling
Area Traffic.
5.2.5 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to special access, private line, or any
other traffic that is not switched by the terminating Party.
5.2,6 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Tandem Transit Traffic.
5.2.7 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Voice lnformation Service Traffic
(as defined in Section 5 of the Additional Services Attachment).
5.2.8 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to traffic that is not subject to
Reciprocal Compensation under Section 251(bX5) of the Act.
5.2.9 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Virtual Foreign Exchange Traffic
(i.e., V/FX Traffic). As used in this Agreement, "Virtual Foreign Exchange
Traffic" or "V/FX Traffic" is defined as calls in which an Onvoy Customer is
assigned a telephone number with an NXX Code (as set forth in the LERG)
associated with an exchange that is different than the exchange (as set forth in
the LERG) associated with the actual physical location of such Customer's
station. For the avoidance of any doubt, Onvoy shall pay Frontier's originating
access charges for all V/FX Traffic originated by a Frontier Customer, and
Onvoy shall pay Frontier's terminating access charges for all V/FX Traffic
originated by an OnvoY Customer.
5.3 The Reciprocal Compensation rates (including, but not limited to, the Reciprocal
Compensation per minute of use charges) billed by Onvoy to Frontier shall not exceed
the Reciprocal compensation rates (including, but not limited to, Reciprocal
Compensation per minute of use charges) billed by Frontier to Onvoy.
6. Other Types of Traffic
6.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or otherwise: (a) the Parties'
rights and obligations with respect to any intercarrier compensation that may be due in
connection with their exchange of lnternet Traffic shall be governed by the terms of the
FCC lnternet Order and other applicable FCC orders and FCC Regulations; and, (b) a
Party shall not be obligated to pay any intercarrier compensation for lnternet Traffic that
is in excess of the intercarrier compensation for lnternet Traffic that such Party is required
to pay under the FCC lnternet Order and other applicable FCC orders and FCC
Regulations.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 76

6'2
Subject to Section 6.1 of this Attachment, lntraLATA Toll Traffic exchanged under this
Aftachment shall be governed by the applicable provisions of this Agreement and
applicable Tariffs.
6.3
For any traffic originating with a third party carrier and delivered by Onvoy to Frontier,
Onvoy shall pay Frontier the same amount that such third party carrier would have been
obligated to pay Frontier for termination of that traffic at the location the traffic is delivered
to Frontier by Onvoy.
6.4
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or otherwise, no lnterexchange Carrier
(lXC) traffic may be exchanged under this Attachment.
6.5
Any traffic not specifically addressed in this Attachment shall be treated as required by
the applicable Tariff of thê Party transporting and/or terminating the traffic.
7 Toll Free Service Access Code (e.9., 800/B8B/B7Z) Traffic
The following terms shall apply when either Party delivers lntraLATA toll free service access code
(e-9., 800/8771888) ('8YY') calls to the other Party under this Attachment. For the purposes of
this Section 7, the terms "translated" refer to those toll free service access code caíls that have
been queried ("translated") to an 8YY database.
7.1
When Onvoy delivers translated lntraLATA 8YY calls to Frontier for completíon:
7.1.1
by Frontier:
7.1.1.1
Onvoy will provide an appropriate EMI record to Frontier; and
7.1.1.2
Onvoy will bill Frontier the Onvoy's Switched Exchange Access
Tariff charges and the Onvoy's applicable Tariff query charge.
7.1.2
by a toll free service access code service provider in that LATA:
7 '1'2.1 Onvoy will provide an appropriate EMI record to Frontier and the toll
free service access code service provider; and
7.1.2.2
Onvoy will bill the toll free service access code service provider the
Onvoy's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges and
the Onvoy's applicable Tariff query charges; and
7.1.2.3
Frontier will bill the toll free service access code service provider
Frontier's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges.
7 '2 When Frontier performs the query and delivers translated lntraLATA 8YY calls, originated
by Frontier's or another LEC's Customer for completion:
7.2.1
by Onvoy:
7.2.1.'l
Frontier will provide an appropriate EMI record to Onvoy; and
.2.1.2
7 Frontier will bill Onvoy Frontier's applicable Switched Exchange
Access Tariff charges and Frontier's applicable Tariff query charges.
7.2.2
by a toll free service access code service provider ín that LATA:
7.2.2.1 Frontier will provide an appropriate EMI record to onvoy and the toll
free service access code service provider; and
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 77

7.2.2.2 Frontier will bill the toll free service access code service provider
Frontier's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges and
Frontier's applicable Tariff query charges; and
7.2.2.3 Onvoy will bill the toll free service access code service provider the
Onvoy's applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges.
7.9 Frontier will not direct untranslated toll free service access code calls to Onvoy. Onvoy
will not direct untranslated toll free service access code calls to Frontier.
8. Number Resources, Rate Center Areas and Routing Points
8.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or otherwise adversely affect in any
manner either Party's right to employ or to request and be assigned any Central Office
Codes ("NXX") pursuant to the Central Office Code Assignment Guidelines and any
relevant FCC or Commission orders, as may be amended from time to time, or to
establish, by Tariff or otherwise, Rate Center Areas and Routing Points corresponding to
such NXX codes.
9.2 lt shall be the responsibility of each Party to program and update its own switches and
network systems pursuant to information provided in the LERG in order to recognize and
route traffíc to the other Party's assigned NXX codes. Except as expressly set forth in
this Agreement, neither Party shall impose any fees or charges whatsoever on the other
Party for such activities.
8.3 Unless otherwise required by Commission order, the Rate Center Areas will be the same
for each Party. During the term of this Agreement, Onvoy shall adopt the Rate Center
Area and Rate Center Points that the Commission has approved for Frontier within the
LATA and Tandem serving area. Onvoy shall assign whole NPA-NXX codes to each
Rate Center Area unless otherwise ordered by the FCC, the Commission or another
governmental entity of appropriate jurisdiction, or the LEC industry adopts alternative
methods of utilizing NXXs.
A.4 Onvoy will also designate a Routing Point for each assigned NXX code. Onvoy shall
desigñate one location for each Rate Center Area in which the Onvoy has established
NXX code(s) as the Routing Point for the NPA-NXXs associated with that Rate Center
Area, and such Routing Point shall be within the same LATA as the Rate Center Area but
not necessarily within the Rate Center Area itself. Unless specified otherwise, calls to
subsequent N)üs of Onvoy will be routed in the same manner as calls to Onvoy's initial
NXXs.
B.S Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement is
intended, and nothíng in this Agreement shall be construed, to in any way constrain
Onvoy's choices regarding the size of the local calling area(s) that Onvoy may establish
for its Customers, which local calling areas may be larger than, smaller than, or identical
to Frontier's localcalling areas'
9. Number Portability - Section 251(BX2)
9.1
Scope.
The Parties shall provide Number Portability (NP) in accordance with rules and
regulations as from time to time prescribed by the FCC'
9.2 Procedures for Providing LNP ("Local Number Portability")'
The Parties will follow the LNP provisioning process recommended by the North
American Numbering Council(NANC) and the lndustry Numbering Council(lNC), and
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 78

adopted by the FCC. ln addition, the Parties agree to follow the LNP ordering procedures
established at the oBF. The Parties shall provide LNp on a reciprocal basis.
9.2.1
A customer of one Party ("Party A") elects to become a customer of the other
Party ("Party B"). The Customer elects to utilize the original telephone
numbe(s) corresponding to the Telephone Exchange Service(s) it previously
received from Party A, in conjunction with the Telephone Exchange Service(s)
it will now receive from Party B. After Party B has received authorization from
the Customer in accordance with Applicable Law and sends an LSR to Party
A, Parties A and B will work together to port the Customer's telephone
number(s) from Party A's network to party B's network.
9.2.2
when a telephone number is ported out of party A's network, party A will
remove any non-proprietary line based calling card(s) associated with the
ported numbe(s) from its Line lnformation Database (LIDB). Reactivation of
the line'based calling card in another LIDB, if desired, is the responsibility of
Party B or Party B's Customer.
9.2.3
When a Customer of Party A ports their telephone numbers to Party B and the
Customer has previously secured a reservation of líne numbers from Party A
for possible activation at a future point, these reserved but inactive numbérs
may be ported along with the active numbers to be ported provided the
numbers have been reserved for the customer. party B may request that
Party A port all reserved numbers assigned to the Customer or that Party A
port only those numbers listed by Party B. As long as party B maintains
reserved but inactive numbers ported for the customer, party A shall not
reassign those numbers. Party B shall not reassign the reserved numbers to
another Customer.
9.2.4 When a Customer of Party A ports their telephone numbers to party B, in the
process of porting the customer's telephone numbers, party A shall implement
the ten-digit trigger feature where it is available. when party A receives the
porting request, the unconditional trigger shall be applied to the customer's
line before the due date of the porting activity. when the ten-digit unconditional
trigger is not available, Party A and Party B must coordinate the disconnect
activity,
9,2.5 The Parties shall furnish each other with the Jurisdiction lnformation
Parameter (JlP) in the lnitialAddress Message (lAM).
9.2.6 where LNP is commercially available, the NXXs in the office shall be defined
as portable, except as noted in Section 9.2.7, and translations will be changed
in the Parties' switches to open those NXXs for database queries in all
applicable LNP capable offices within the LATA of the given switch(es). on a
prospective basis, all newly deployed switches will be equipped with LNp
capability and so noted in the LERG.
9.2.7 All NXXs assigned to LNP capable switches are to be designated as portable
unless a NXX(s) has otherwise been designated as non-portable. Non-
portable NXXs include NXX codes assigned to paging services; NXX codes
assigned for internal testing and official use and any other NXX codes required
to be designated as non-portable by the rules and regulations of the Fcc. NXX
codes assigned to mass calling on a choked network may not be ported using
LNP technology but are portable using methods established by the NANC anã
adopted by the FCC. On a prospective basis, newly assigned codes in
switches capable of portíng shall become commercially available for porting
with the effective date in the network.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218,docx 79

9.2.8 Both Parties' use of LNP shall meet the performance criteria specified by the
FCC. Both Parties will act as the default carrier for the other Party in the event
that either Party is unable to perform the routing necessary for LNP.
9.3 Procedures for Providing NP Through Full NXX Code Migration'
Where a Party has activated an entire NXX for a single Customer, or activated at least
eighty percent (80%) of an NXX for a single Customer, with the remaining numbers in
that NXX either reserved for future use by that Customer or otherwise unused, if such
Customer chooses to receive Telephone Exchange Service from the other Party, the first
Party shall cooperate with the second Party to have the entire NXX reassigned in the
LERG (and associated industry databases, routing tables, etc.) to an End Office operated
by the second Party. Such transfer will be accomplished with appropriate coordination
between the Parties and subject to appropriate industry lead times for movements of
NXXs from one switch to another. Neither Party shall charge the other in connection with
this coordinated transfer.
9.4 Procedures for LNP Request.
The Parties shall provide for the requesting of End Office LNP capability on a reciprocal
basis through a written request. The Parties acknowledge that Frontier has deployed
LNP throughout its network in compliance with FCC 96-286 and other applicable FCC
Regulations.
9.4.1 lf Party B desires to have LNP capability deployed in an End Office of Party A,
which is not currently capable, Party B shall issue a LNP request to Party A.
Party A will respond to the Party B, within ten (10) days of receipt of the
request, with a date for which LNP will be available in the requested End
Office. Party A shall proceed to provide for LNP in compliance with the
procedures and timelines set forth in FCC 96-286, Paragraph 80, and FCC 97-
74, ParagraPhs 65 through 67.
9.4.2
The Parties acknowledge that each can determine the LNP-capable End
Offices of the other through the Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG). ln
addition, the Parties shall make information available upon request showing
their respective LNP-capable End Offices, as set forth in this Section 9.4.
9,5 Onvoy shall submit orders to port numbers electronically using an LSR via the Frontier
web Graphical User lnterface ('GUl") or Electronic Data lnterface ("EDl") pursuant to the
instructions, business rules and guidelines set forth on Frontier's Wholesale website.
{0. Good Faith Performance
lf and, to the extent that, Frontier, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, has not provided
in the State of Nebraska a Service offered under this Attachment, Frontier reserves the right to
negotiate in good faith with Onvoy reasonable terms and conditions (including, without limitation,
rates and implementation timeframes) for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such
terms and conditions (including, without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either
Party may utilize the Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx BO

RESALE ATTACHMENT
1 General
Frontier shall provide to Onvoy, in accordance with this Agreement (includíng, but not limited to,
Frontier's applicable Tariffs) and the requirements of Applicable Law, Frontier's
Telecommunications Services for resale by Onvoy; provided, that notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, Frontier shall be obligated to provide Telecommunications Services
to onvoy only to the extent required by Applicable Law and may decline to provide a
Telecommunications Service to Onvoy to the extent that provision of such Telecommunícations
Service is not required by Applicable Law.
2. Use of Frontier Telecommunications Servlces
2'1
Frontier Telecommunications Services may be purchased by Onvoy under this Resale
Attachment only for the purpose of resale by Onvoy as a Telecommunications Car¡er.
Frontier Telecommunications Services to be purchased by Onvoy for other purposes
(inclttding, hut not limited to, Onvoy's own use) must be purohaood by Onvoy pursuant to
other applicable Attachments to this Agreement (if any), or separate written agreements,
including, but not limited to, applicable Frontier Tariffs.
2.2
Onvoy shall not resell:
2.2.1 Residential service to persons not eligible to subscribe to such service from
Frontier (including, but not limited to, business or other nonresidential
Customers);
2.2.2 Lifeline, Link up America, or other means-tested service offerings, to persons
not eligible to subscribe to such service offerings from Frontier;
2.2.3 Grandfathered or discontinued service offerings to persons not eligible to
subscribe to such service offerings from Frontier; or
2.2.4 Any other Frontier service in violation of a restriction stated in this Agreement
(including, but not limited to, a Frontier Tariff) that is not prohibited by
Applicable Law.
2,2.5 ln addition to any other actions taken by onvoy to comply with this section 2.2,
onvoy shall take those actions required by Applicable Law to determine the
eligibility of onvoy customers to purchase a service, including, but not limited
to, obtaining any proof or certification of eligibility to purchase Lifeline, Link up
America, or other means-tested services, required by Applicable Law. Onvoy
shall indemnify Frontier from any claims resulting from onvoy's failure to take
such actions required by Applicable Law,
2.2.6 Frontier may perform audits to confirm onvoy's conformity to the provisions of
this section 2.2. such audits may be performed twice per calendar year and
shall be performed in accordance with section 7 of the General rerms and
Conditions.
2.3 Onvoy shall be subject to the same limitations that Frontier's Customers are subject to
with respect to any Telecommunications service that Frontier grandfathers or
discontinues offering. Without limiting the foregoing, except to the extent that Frontier
follows a different practice for Frontier customers in regard to a grandfathered
Telecommunications Service, such grandfathered Telecommuniðations Service: (a) shall
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 81

be available only to a Customer that already has such Telecommunications Service; (b)
may not be moved to a new service location; and (c) will be furnished only to the extent
that facilities continue to be available to provide such Telecommunications Service.
2.4
Onvoy shall not be eligible to participate in any Frontier plan or program under which
Frontier Customers may obtain products or services, which are not Frontier
Telecommunications Services, in return for trying, agreeing to purchase, purchasing, or
using Frontier Telecommunications Services.
2.5
ln accordance with 47 CFR S 51.617(b), Frontier shall be entitled to all charges for
Frontier Exchange Access services used by interexchange carriers to provide service to
Onvoy Customers.
3 Availability of Frontier Telecommunications Services
3.1 Frontier will provide a Frontier Telecommunications Service to Onvoy for resale pursuant
to this Attachment where and to the same extent, but only where and to the same extent
that such Frontier Telecommunications Service is provided to Frontier's Customers.
3.2
Except as otherwise required by Applicable Law, subject to Section 3.1 of this
Attachment, Frontier shall have the right to add, modify, grandfather, discontinue or
withdraw Frontier Telecommunications Services at any time, without the consent of
Onvoy.
3.3
To the extent required by Applicable Law, the Frontier Telecommunications Services to
be provided to Onvoy for resale pursuant to this Attachment will include a Frontier
Telecommunications Service customer-specific contract service arrangement ('CSA')
(such as a customer specific pricing arrangement or individual case based pricing
arrangement) that Frontier is providing to a Frontier Customer at the time the CSA is
requested by onvoy.
4. Responsibility for Gharges
4.1
Onvoy shall be responsible for and pay to Frontier all charges for any
Telecommunications Services provided by Frontier or provided by persons other than
Frontier and billed for by Frontier, that are ordered, activated or used by Onvoy, Onvoy
Customers or any other persons, through, by means of, or in association with,
Telecommunications Services provided by Frontier to Onvoy pursuant to this Resale
Attachment.
4.2 Upon request by Onvoy, Frontier will provide for use on resold Frontier retail
Telecommunications Service dialtone lines purchased by Onvoy such Frontier retail
Telecommunications Service callblocking and callscreening services as Frontier
provides to its own end user retail Customers, where and to the extent Frontier provides
such Frontier retail Telecommunications Service call blocking services to Frontier's own
end user retail Customers. Onvoy understands and agrees that certain of Frontier's call
blocking and call screening services are not guaranteed to block or screen all calls and
that notwithstanding Onvoy's purchase of such blocking or screening services, Onvoy's
end user Customers or other persons ordering, activating or using Telecommunications
Services on the resold dial tone lines may complete or accept calls which Onvoy intended
to block. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Onvoy shall be responsible for and shall pay
Frontier all charges for Telecommunications Services provided by Frontier or provided by
persons other than Frontier and billed for by Frontier in accordance with the terms of
Section 4.1 above.
5.
Operations Matters
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 82

5.1 Facilities.
5.1.1 Frontier and its suppliers shall retain all of their right, title and interest in all
facilities, equipment, software, information, and wiring used to provide Frontier
Telecommunications Services,
5.1.2 Frontier shall have access at all reasonable times to Onvoy Customer
locations for the purpose of installing, inspecting, maintaining, repairing, and
removing, facilities, equipment, software, and wiring used to provide the
Frontier Telecommunications Services. Onvoy shall, at Onvoy's expense,
obtain any rights and authorizations necessary for such access.
5.1.3 Except as otherwise agreed to in writing by Frontier, Frontier shall not be
responsible for the installation, inspection, repair, maintenance, or removal of
facilities, equipment, software, or wiring provided by Onvoy or Onvoy
Customers for use with Frontier Telecommunications Services.
5.2 Branding.
5.2.1 Except as stated in Section 5.2.2 of this Attachment, in providing Frontier
Telecommunícations Services to Onvoy, Frontier shall have the right (but not
the obligation) to identify the Frontier Telecommunications Services with
Frontier's trade names, trademarks and service marks ("Frontier Marks"), to
the same extent that these Services are ldentified with Frontier's Marks when
they are provided to Frontier's Customers. Any such identifícation of Frontier's
Telecommunications Services shall not constitute the grant of a license or
other right to Onvoy to use Frontier's Marks.
5.2.2 To the extent required by Applicable Law, upon request by Onvoy and at
prices, terms and conditions to be negotiated by Onvoy and Frontier, Frontier
shall provide Frontier Telecommunications Services for resale that are
identified by Onvoy's trade name, or that are not identified by trade name,
trademark or service mark.
5.2.3 lf Frontier uses a third-party contractor to provide Frontier operator services or
Frontier directory assistance, Onvoy will be responsible for entering into a
direct contractual arrangement with the third-party contractor at Onvoy's
expense (a)to obtain identification of Frontier operator services or Frontier
directory assistance purchased by Onvoy for resale with Onvoy's trade name,
or (b) to obtain removal of Frontier Marks from Frontier operator services or
Frontier directory assistance purchased by Onvoy for resale.
6.
Rates and Gharges
The rates and charges for Frontier Telecommunication Services purchased by Onvoy for resale
pursuant to this Attachment shall be as provided in this Attachment and the Pricing Attachment.
7 Good Faith Performance
lf and, to the extent that, Frontier, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, has not provided
in the State of Nebraska a Service offered under this Attachment, Frontier reserves the right to
negotiate in good faith with Onvoy reasonable terms and conditions (including, without limitation,
rates and implementation timeframes) for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such
terms and conditions (including, without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either
Party may utilize the Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 83

UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS ATTACHMENT
General
1
1.1 Frontier shall provide to Onvoy, in accordance with this Agreement (including, but not
limited to, Frontier's applicable Tariffs) and the requirements of the Federal Unbundling
Rules, access to Frontier's Network Elements on an unbundled basis and in
combinations (Combinations), and UNEs commingled with wholesale services
("Commingling"); provided, however, that notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, Frontier shall be obligated to provide access to unbundled Network Elements
(UNEs), Combinations, and Commingling to Onvoy under the terms of this Agreement
only to the extent required by the Federal Unbundling Rules and may decline to provide
access to UNEs, Combinations, or Commingling to Onvoy to the extent that provision of
such UNEs, Gombinations, or Commingling is not required by the Federal Unbundling
Rules.
1.2 Frontier shall be obligated to combine UNEs that are not already combined in Frontier's
network only to the extent required by the Federal Unbundling Rules. Except as
otherwise required by this Agreement and the Federal Unbundling Rules: (a) Frontier
shall be obligated to provide a UNE or Combination pursuant to this Agreement only to
the extent such UNE or Combination, and the equipment and facilities necessary to
provide such UNE or Combination, are already available in Frontier's network; and (b)
Frontier shall have no obligation to construct, modify, or deploy facilities or equipment to
offer any UNE or Combination.
1.9 Onvoy may use a UNE or Combination only for those purposes for which Frontier is
required by the Federal Unbundling Rules to provide such UNE or Combination to Onvoy.
Without limiting the foregoing, Onvoy may not access a UNE or Combination for the
exclusive provision of Mobile Wireless Services or lnterexchange Services. For purposes
of this section, "lnterexchange Services" shall have the meaning set forth in the Triennial
Review Remand Order and subsequent applicable FCC orders'
1.3.1 Frontier shall not be obligated to provide to Onvoy, and Onvoy shall not
request from Frontier, access to a proprietary advanced intelligent network
service.
1.4 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute an agreement by
Frontiei that any item identified in this Agreement as a Network Element is (i) a Network
Element under the Federal Unbundling Rules, or (ii) a Network Element Frontier is
required by the Federal Unbundling Rules to provide to Onvoy on an unbundled basis or
in combination with other Network Elements.
1.5 lf as the result of Onvoy Customer actions (e.9., Customer Not Ready ("CNR')), Frontier
cannot complete requested work activity when a technician has been dispatched to the
Onvoy Customer premises, Onvoy will be assessed a non-recurring charge associated
with this visit. This charge will be the sum of the applicable Service Order charge as
provided in the Pricing Attachment and the Customer Not Ready Charge provided for in
the Pricing Attachment (or, in the absence of a Customer Not Ready Charge, the
Premises Visit Charge as provided in Frontier's applicable retail or wholesale Tariff or in
the Pricing Attachment).
1.6 Absence or Cessation of Unbundlino Oblioation and Related Provisions. The following
provisions shall apply notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any
Frontier Tariff or SGAT:
1.6.1
DiscontinuedFacilities.
Onvoy Comprehens¡ve ICA NE CTC 061218.docx B4

1.6.1.1
Frontier may cease offering or providing Onvoy with access on an
unbundled basis at rates prescribed under Section 251 of the Act to
any facility that is or becomes a Discontinued Facility, whether as a
stand-alone UNE, as part of a Combination, or otheruvise. To the
extent Frontier has not already ceased offering or providing
unbundled access to a particular Discontinued Facility that is a
Discontinued Facility as of the Effective Date, Frontier may cease
offering or providing unbundled access to such Discontinued Facility
immediately upon the Effective Date without further notice to Onvoy.
Subject to Section 1.7 below, if a facility on or at any time after the
Effective Date is or becomes a Discontinued Facility, Frontier, to the
extent it has not already ceased providing unbundled access to
such Discontinued Facility, and provided it has given at least ninety
(90) days written notice of discontinuance in cases where it has not
already ceased providing such access, will continue to provide
unbundled access to such Discontinued Facility under the
Agreement only through the effective date of the notíce of
discontinuance, and not beyond thal date.
1.6.1.2 Where Frontier is permitted to cease providing a Discontinued
Facility pursuant to Section 1.6.1 above and Onvoy has not
submitted an LSR or ASR, as appropriate, to Frontier requesting
disconnection of the Discontinued Facility and has not separately
secured from Frontier an alternative arrangement to replace the
Discontinued Facility, then Frontier, to the extent it has not already
done so, may disconnect the subject Discontinued Facility without
further notice to Onvoy. In lieu of disconnecting the subject
Discontinued Facility in the foregoing circumstances, Frontier, in its
sole discretion, may elect to: (a) convert the subject Discontinued
Facility to an arrangement available under a Frontier access tariff (in
which case month-to-month rates shall apply unless a different rate
applies under an applicable special access term/volume plan or
other special access tariff arrangement in which Onvoy is then
enrolled), a resale arrangement, or other analogous arrangement
that Frontier shall identify or has identified in writing to Onvoy, or (b)
in lieu of such a conversion, reprice the subject Discontinued Facility
by application of a new rate (or, in Frontier's sole discretion, by
application of a surcharge to an existing rate) to be equivalent to an
arrangement available under a Frontier access tariff (at month-to-
month rates unless a different rate applies under an applicable
special access term/volume plan or other special access tariff
arrangement in which Onvoy is then enrolled), a resale
arrangement, or other analogous arrangement that Frontíer shall
identify or has identified in writing to Onvoy; provided, however, that
Frontier may disconnect the subject Discontinued Facility (or the
replacement service to which the Discontinued Facility has been
converted) if Onvoy fails to pay when due any applicable new rate
or surcharge billed by Frontier.
1.7 TRRO Certification and Related Provisions.
1.7.1
TBRO certification. Before requesting unbundled access to a DS1 Loop, a
DS3 Loop, DS1 Dedicated Transport, DS3 Dedicated Transport, including, but
not limited to, any of the foregoing elements that constitute part of a
Combination or that Onvoy seeks to convert from another wholesale service to
an unbundled network element (collectively, 'TRRO Certification Elements"),
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx 85

Onvoy must undertake a reasonably diligent inquiry and, based on that inquiry,
certify that, to the best of its knowledge, Onvoy's request is consistent with the
requirements of the TRRO and that Onvoy is entitled to unbundled access to
the subject element pursuant to section 251(cX3) of the Act. Onvoy shall
provide such certification using the automated method that Frontier makes
available for that purpose. Onvoy's reasonably diligent inquiry must include, at
a minimum, consideration of any list of non-impaired UNE Wire Centers that
Frontier makes or has made available to Onvoy by notice and/or by publication
on Frontier's wholesale website (the "Wire Center List") and any back-up data
that Frontier provides or has provided to Onvoy under a non-disclosure
agreement or that is otherwise available to Onvoy.
1.7.2 Provision-then-Dispute Requirements.
'1.7.2.1 Upon receiving a request from Onvoy for unbundled access to a
TRRO Certification Element and the certification required by Section
1.7.1 above, and except as provided in Section 1.7.2.3 below,
Frontier shall process the request in accordance with any applicable
standard intervals. lf Frontier wishes to challenge Onvoy's right to
obtain unbundled access to the subject element pursuant to 47
U.S.C. S 251(cX3), then (except as provided in Section 1,7 .2.3
below) Frontier must provision the subject element as a UNE and
then seek resolution of the dispute by the Commission or the FCC,
or through such other dispute resolution process that Frontier elects
to invoke under the dispute resolution provisions of thís Agreement.
1.7.2.2 lf a dispute pursuant to section 1.7.2.1 above is resolved in
Frontier's favor, then Onvoy shall compensate Frontier for the
additional charges that would apply if Onvoy had ordered the
subject facility or service on a month-to-month term under Frontier's
interstate special access tariff and any other applicable charges,
applicable back to the date of provisioning (including, but not limited
to, late payment charges for the unpaid difference between UNE
and access tariff rates). The month-to-month rates shall apply until
such time as Onvoy requests disconnection of the subject facility or
an alternative term that Frontier offers under its interstate special
access tariff for the subject facility or service.
1.7.2.2.1 lntentionally Left Blank
1.7.2.3 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, Frontier may
reject an Onvoy order for a TRRO Certification Element without first
seeking dispute resolution: (a) in any case where Onvoy's order
conflicts with a provision of a Frontier Tariff, (b) in any case where
Onvoy's order conflicts with a non-impaired UNE Wire Center
designation set forth in a Wire Center List that Frontier has made
available to Onvoy by notice and/or by publication on Frontier's
wholesale website, (c) in any case where Onvoy's order conflicts
with a non-impaired UNE Wire Center designation that the
Commission or the FCC has ordered or approved or that has
otherwise been confirmed through previous dispute resolution
(regardless of whether Onvoy was a party to such dispute
resolution), or (d) as otherwise permitted under the Federal
Unbundling Rules (including, but not limited to, upon a
determination by the Commission, the FCC, or a court of competent
jurisdiction that Frontier may reject orders for TRRO Certification
Elements without first seeking dispute resolution).
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 86

1.8
Limitation With Respect to Reolacement Arranqements. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, any negotiations regarding any UNE-replacement
arrangement, facility, service or the like that Frontier is not required to provide under the
Federal Unbundling Rules (including without limítation any arrangement, facility, service
or the like that Frontier offers under an access tariff) shall be deemed not to have been
conducted pursuant to the Agreement, 47 u.s.c. g 252(a)(1), or 47 c.F.R. part s1, and
shall not be subject to arbitration or other requirements under to 47 U.S.C. g 252(b). Any
referencê in this Attachment to Frontier's provision of a arrangement, facility, service or
the like that Frontier is not required to provide under the Federal Unbundling Rules is
solely for the convenience of the Parties and shall not be construed to require or permit:
(a) arbitration pursuant to 47 U.S.C. S 252(b) of the rates, terms, or conditions upon
which Frontier may provide such arrangement, facility, service or the like, or (b)
application of 47 U.S.C, g 252 in any other respect.
2 Frontier's Provision of Network Elements
Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment, in accordance with, but only to
the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules, Frontier shall provide Onvoy access to the
following:
2.1
Loops, as set forth in Section 3 of this Attachment;
2'2
Line Splitting (also referred to as "Loop Sharing"), as set forth in Section 4 of this
Aftachment;
2.3
[ntentionally Left Blank];
2.4
Sub-Loops, as set forth in Section 6 of this Attachment;
2'5
Sub-Loop for Multiunit Tenant Premises Access, as set forth in Section 7 of this
Attachment;
2.6
fintentionally Left Blank]
2.7
Network lnterface Device, as set forth in Section g of this Attachment;
2.8
flntentionally Left Blankl;
2'9
Dedicated Transport (may also be referred to as "lnteroffice Transmission Facilities") (or
"lOF"), as set forth in Section 11 of this Attachment;
2.10
flntentionally Left Blankl;
2.11
Operations Support Systems, as set forth in Section 13 of this Attachment; and
2.12
Other UNEs in accordance with Section 14 of this Attachment.
3. Loop Transmission Types
3.1
Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment, Frontier shall allow
Onvoy to access Loops unbundled from local switching and local transport, in
accordance with this Section 3 and the rates and charges provided in the Pricing
Attachment. Frontier shall allow Onvoy access to Loops in accordance with, but only to
extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules. Subject to the foregoing and the
provisions regarding FTTP Loops, in Section 3.5 below, and Hybrid Loops, in Section 3.6
below, the available Loop types are as set forth below:
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 87

3.1.1 "2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop" or "Analog 2W" provides an effective 2-wire
channel with 2-wire interfaces at each end that is suitable for the transport of
analog Voice Grade (nominal 300 to 3000 Hz)signals and loop-start signaling.
This Loop type is more fully described in Frontier Technical Reference (TR)-
72565, as revised from time-to-time. lf "Customer'Specified Signaling" is
requested, the Loop will operate with one of the following signaling types that
may be specified when the Loop is ordered: loop-start, ground-start, loop-
reverse-battery, and no signaling. Customer specified signaling is more fully
described in Frontier TR-72570, as revised from time-to-time. Frontier will not
build new facilities or modify existing facilities except to the extent required in
Section 17 of this Attachment.
3.1.2 "4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop" or "Analog 4W" provides an effective 4-wire
channel with 4-wire interfaces at each end that is suitable for the transport of
analog Voice Grade (nominal 300 to 3000 Hz) signals. This Loop type will
operate with one of the following signaling types that may be specified when
the Loop is ordered: loop-start, ground-start, loop-reverse-battery, duplex, and
no signaling. This Loop type is more fully described in Frontier TR-72570, as
revised from time-to-time. Frontier will not build new facilities or modify
existing facilities except to the extent required in Section 17 of this Attachment.
3.1.3 "2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop" or "BRl ISDN' provides a channel with 2-
wire interfaces at each end that is suitable for the transport of 160 kbps digital
services using the ISDN 281Q line code, This Loop type is more fully
described in American National Standards lnstitute (ANSI) T1'601-1998 and
Frontier TR72575, as revised from time-to-time. ln some cases loop
extension equipment may be necessary to bring the line loss within acceptable
levels. Frontier will provide loop extension equipment only upon request. A
separate charge will apply for loop extension equipment. The 2-Wire ISDN
Digital Grade Loop is available only in the former Bell Atlantic Service Areas'
ln the former GTE Service Areas only, Onvoy may order a 2-Wire Digital
Compatible Loop using 2-wire ISDN ordering codes to provide similar
capability. Frontier will not build new facilities or modify existing facilities
except to the extent required in Section 17 of this Attachment.
3.1.4 "2-Wire ADSL-Compatible Loop" or "ADSL 2W" provides a channel with 2-wire
I
interfaces at each end that is suitable for the transport of digital signals up to
Mbps toward the Customer and up to '1 Mbps from the Customer. This Loop
type is more fully described in Frontier IR'72575, as revised from time-to-time,
ADSL-Compatible Loops will be available only where existing copper facilities
are available and meet applicable specifications. Frontier will not build new
facilities or modify existing facilities except to the extent required in Sections
3.2 or 17 of this Attachment. The upstream and downstream ADSL power
spectral density masks and dc line power limits in Frontier TR 72575, as
revised from time-to-time, must be met. The 2-Wire ADSL-Compatible Loop is
available only in the former Bell Atlantic Service Areas. ln the former GTE
Service Areas only, Onvoy may order a 2-Wire Digital Compatible Loop using
2-wire ADSL ordering codes to provide similar capability.
3.1.5 "2-Wire HDSl-Compatible Loop" or "HDSL 2W" consists of a single 2-wire
non-loaded, twisted copper pair that meets the carrier serving area design
criteria. This Loop type is more fully described in Frontier TR-72575, as
revised from time-to-time. The HDSL power spectral density mask and dc line
power limits referenced in Frontier TR72575, as revised from time-to-time,
must be met. 2-Wire HDSl-Compatible Loops will be provided only where
existing facilities are available and can meet applicable specifications' The 2-
Onvoy Gomprehensive ICA NE CTC 0ô1218.docx 88

Wire HDSL-Compatible Loop is available only in the former Bell Atlantic
Service areas. ln the former GTE Service Areas only, Onvoy may order a 2:
Wire Digital Compatíble Loop using 2-Wire HDSL ordering codes to provide
similar capability. Frontier will not build new facilities or modify existing
facilities except to the extent required in sections 8.2 or 17 of this Attachment.
3.1.6 "4-Wire HDSL-Compatible Loop" or "HDSL 4W" consists of two 2-wire non-
loaded, twisted copper pairs that meet the carrier serving area design criteria.
This Loop type is more fully described in Frontier TR-725T5, as revised from
timeto-time. The HDSL power spectral density mask and dc line power limits
referenced in Frontier fR72575, as revised from time-to-time, must be met.
4-wire HDSL-compatible Loops will be provided only where existing facilities
are available and can meet applicable specifications. Frontier will not build
new facilities or modify existing facilities except to the extent required in
Sections 3.2 or 17 of this Attachment.
3.1.7 "2-Wire IDSL-Compatible Metallic Loop" consists of a single 2-wire non-
loaded, twisted copper pair that meets revised resístance design criteria. This
Loop is intended to be used with very-low band symmetric DSL systems that
meet the Class 1 signal power limits and other criteria in the T j E j.4 loop
spectrum management standard (T181.412000-002R4) and are not compatible
with 281Q 160 kbps lsDN transport systems. The actual data rate achieved
depends upon the performance of cLEC-provided modems with the electrical
characteristics associated with the loop. This Loop type is more fully
described in'11Ê.1.412000-002R3, as revised from time-to-time. This loop
cannot be provided via UDLC. The 2-wire IDSl-compatible Metallic Loop is
available only in the former Bell Atlantic Service Areas. ln the former GTE
Service Areas only, Onvoy may order a 2-Wire Digital Compatible Loop using
lsDN ordering codes to provide similar capability. Frontier will not build new
facilities or modify existing facilities except to the extent required in sections
3.2 or 17 of this Attachment.
3.1.8 "2-Wire SDSl-Compatible Loop", is intended to be used with low band
symmetríc DSL systems that meet the class 2 signal power limits and other
criteria in the T1E1.4 loop spectrum management standard (T1E1.412OOO-
002R3), This Loop consists of a single 2-wire non-loaded, twisted copper pair
that meets class 2 length limit inT181.412000-002R3. The data rate achieved
depends on the performance of the cLEC-provided modems with the electrical
characteristics associated with the loop. This Loop type is more fully
described inT181.412000-002R3, as revised from time-to-time. The 2-Wire
sDSL-compatible Loop is available only in the former Bell Aflantic service
Areas. ln the former GTE Service Areas only, Onvoy may order a 2-Wire
Digital compatible Loop to provide similar capability. sDSL-compatible local
loops will be provided only where facilities are available and can meet
applicable specifications. Frontier will not build new facilities or modify existing
facilities except to the extent required in sections 8.2 or 1T of this Attachment.
3.1.9 "4-Wire 56 kbps Loop" is a 4-wire Loop that provides a transmission path that
is suitable for the transport of digital data at a synchronous rate of s6 kbps in
opposite directions on such Loop simultaneously. A 4-Wire 56 kbps Loop
consists of two pairs of non-loaded copper wires with no intermediate
electronics or it consists of universal digital loop carrier with 56 kbps DDS
dataport transport capability. Frontier shall provide 4-Wire 56 kbps Loops to
onvoy in accordance with, and subject to, the technical specifications set forth
in Frontier TR-72575, as revised from time-to-time. Frontier will not build new
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 89

facilities or modify existing facilities except to the extent required in Section 17
of this Attachment.
3.1.10 "DS1 Loops" provide a digital transmission channel suitable for the transport of
1.544 Mbps digital signals. This Loop type is more fully described in Frontier
TR 72575, as revised from time to time. The DS1 Loop includes the electronics
necessary to provide the DS1 transmission rate. lf, at the requested
installation date, the electronics necessary to provide the DS1 transmission
rate are not available for the requested DS1 Loop, then Frontier will not install
new electronics except to the extent required in Section 17 of this Attachment.
Frontier will not build new facilities and will not modify existing facilities except
to the extent required in Section 17 of this Attachment. lf the electronics
necessary to provide Clear Channel (B8ZS) signaling are at the requested
installation date available for a requested DS1 Loop, upon request by Onvoy,
the DSl Loop will be furnished with Clear Channel (B8ZS) signaling. Frontier
will not install new electronics to furnish Clear Channel (B8ZS) signaling. For
purposes of provisions implementing any right Frontier may have to cease
providing unbundled access to DS1-capacity Loops under the TRRO pursuant
to Section 1 of this Attachment, the term "DS1 Loop" further includes any type
of Loop described in Section 3.1 of the Network Elements Attachment that
provides a digital transmission channel suitable for the transport of 1.544 Mbps
digital signals, regardless of whether the subject Loop meets the specific
definition of a DS1 Loop set forth in this section.
3.1.11 "DS3 Loops" will support the transmission of isochronous bipolar serial data at
a rate of 44.736 Mbps (the equivalent of 28 DS1 channels). This Loop type is
-|R72575,
more fully described in Frontier as revised from time to time. The
DS3 Loop includes the electronics necessary to provide the DS3 transmission
rate. lf, at the requested installation date, the electronics necessary to provide
the DS3 transmission rate are not available for the requested DS3 Loop, then
Frontier will not install new electronics except to the extent required in Section
17 of this Attachment. Frontier will not build new facilities and will not modify
existing facilities except to the extent required in Section 17 of this Attachment.
For purposes of provisions implementing any right Frontier may have to cease
providing unbundled access to DS3-capacity loops under the TRRO pursuant
to Section 1 of this Attachment, the term "DS3 Loop" further includes any type
of Loop described in Section 3.1 of the Network Elements Attachment that
provides a digital transmission channel suitable for the transport of 44.736
Mbps digital signals, regardless of whether the subject Loop meets the specific
definition of a DS3 Loop set forth in this section,
3.1.12 ln the former Bell Atlantic Service Areas only, "Digital Designed Loops" are
comprised of designed loops that meet specific Onvoy requirements for
metallic loops over 18k ft. or for conditioning of ADSL, HDSL, SDSL, IDSL, or
BRI ISDN Loops. "Digital Designed Loops" may include requests for:
3.1.12.1 a 2W Digital Designed Metallic Loop with a total loop length of 18k
to 30k ft., unloaded, with the option to remove bridged tap;
3.1 .12.2 a 2W ADSL Loop of 12k to 1 Bk ft. with an option to remove bridged
tap (such a Loop with the bridged tap so removed shallbe deemed
to be a "2W ADSL Compatible Loop");
3.1.12.3 a 2W ADSL Loop of less than 12k ft. with an option to remove
bridged tap (such a Loop with the bridged tap so removed shall be
deemed to be a "2W ADSL Compatible Loop");
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx s0

3.1.12.4 a 2W HDSL Loop of less than 12k ft. with an option to remove
bridged tap:
3.1.12.5 a 4W HDSL Loop of less than 12k ft with an option to remove
bridged tap;
3.1,12.6 a 2 W Digital Designed Metallic Loop with Frontier-placed ISDN toop
extension electronics;
3.1.12.7 a 2W SDSL Loop with an option to remove bridged tap;and
3.1 .12.8 a 2W IDSL Loop of less than 1 8k ft. with an option to remove
bridged tap;
3.1.13
Frontier shall make Digital Designed Loops available Onvoy at the rates as set
forth in the Pricing Attachment.
3,1.14
ln the former GTE Service Areas only, "Conditioned Loops" are comprised of
designed loops that meet specific Onvoy requirements for metallic loops over
12kft. or for conditioning of 2-wire or 4-wire digital or BRI ISDN Loops.
"Conditioned Loops" may include requests for:
3.1.14.1 a 2W Digital Loop with a total loop length of 12k to 30k ft., unloaded,
with the option to remove bridged tap (such a Loop, unloaded, with
bridged tap so removed shall be deemed to be a "2W Digital
Compatible Loop");
3.1.14.2 a 2W Digital Loop of 12k to 18k ft. with an option to remove toad
coils and/or bridged tap (such a Loop with load coils and/or bridged
tap so removed shall be deemed to be a "2W Digital Compatible
Loop");
3.1.14.3 a 2W Digital or 4W Digital Loop of less than 12k ft. with an option to
remove bridged tap (such a 2W Loop with bridged tap so removed
shall be deemed to be a "2W Digital Compatible Loop");
3.1.14.4 a 2W Digital Loop with Frontier-placed ISDN loop extension
electronics (such a Loop with ISDN loop extension electronics so
placed shall be deemed to be a "2W Digital Compatible Loop").
3.1.15
Frontier shallmake Conditioned Loops available to Onvoy at the rates as set
forth in the Pricing Attachment.
3.2 The following ordering procedures shall apply to xDSL Compatible Loops, Digital
Designed and Conditioned Loops:
3.2.1 Onvoy shall place orders for xDSL Compatible Loops, Digital Designed and
Conditioned Loops by delivering to Frontier a valid electronic transmittal
Service Order or other mutually agreed upon type of Service Order. Such
Service Order shall be provided in accordance with industry format and
specifications or such format and specifications as may be agreed to by the
Parties.
3.2.2 ln former BellAtlantic Service Areas, Frontier is conducting a mechanized
survey of existing Loop facilitiesr on a Central Office by Central Office basis, to
identify those Loops that meet the applicable technical characteristics
established by Frontier for compatibility with xDSL Compatibte or BRI tSDN
signals. The results of this survey will be stored in a mechanized database
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 91

and made available to Onvoy as the process is completed in each Central
Office. Onvoy must utilize this mechanized loop qualification database, where
available, in advance of submitting a valid electronic transmittal Service Order
for an xDSL Compatible or BRI ISDN Loop. Charges for mechanized loop
qualification information are set forth in the Pricing Attachment. In former GTE
Service Areag, Frontier provides access to mechanized xDSL loop qualification
information to help identify those loops that meet applicable technical
characteristics for compatibility with xDSL Services that the CLEC may wish to
offer to its end user Customers. Onvoy must access Frontier's mechanized
loop qualification system through the use of the on-line computer interface
at http://wholesale.frontier.com/wholesale/ in advance of submitting a valid
electronic transmittal Service Order for xDSL service arrangements. The loop
qualification information provided by Frontier gives Onvoy the ability to
determine loop composition and loop length, and may provide other loop
characteristics, when present, that may indicate incompatibility with xDSL
Services such as load coils or Digital Loop Carrier. lnformation provided by
the mechanized loop qualification system also indicates whether loop
conditioning may be necessary. lt is the responsibility of Onvoy to evaluate
the loop qualification information provided by Frontier and determine whether a
loop meets Onvoy requirements for xDSL Service, including determining
whether conditioning should be ordered, prior to submitting an Order.
3.2.3 lf the Loop is not listed in the mechanized database described in Section 3.2'2
of this Attachment, Onvoy must request a manual loop qualification, where
such qualification is available, prior to submitting a valid electronic Service
Order for an xDSL Compatible or BRI ISDN Loop. ln general, Frontier will
complete a manual loop qualification request within three (3) Business Days,
although Frontier may require additional time due to poor record conditions,
spikes in demand, or other unforeseen events. The manual loop qualification
process is currently available in the former Bell Atlantic Service Areas only.
3.2.4 lf a query to the mechanized loop qualification database or manual loop
qualification indicates that a Loop does not qualify (e.9., because it does not
meet the applicable technical parameters set forth in the Loop descriptions
above), Onvoy may request an Engineering Query, where available, as
described in Section 3.2.7 of this Attachment, to determine whether the result
is due to characteristics of the loop itself (e.9., specific number and location of
bridged taps, the specific number of load coils, or the gauge of the cable).
3.2.5 Once a Loop has been pre-qualified, Onvoy will submit a Service Order
pursuant to Section 3.2.1 of this Attachment if it wishes to obtain the Loop.
3.2.5.1 lf the Loop is determined to be xDSL Compatible and if the Loop
serving the serving address is usable and available to be assigned
as a xDSL Compatible Loop, Frontier will initiate standard Loop
provisioning and installation processes, and standard Loop
provisioning intervals will apply.
3.2.5.2 lf the Loop is determined to be xDSL Compatible, but the Loop
serving the service address is unusable or unavailable to be
assigned as an xDSL Compatible Loop, Frontier will search the
Customer's serving terminal for a suitable spare facility, lf an xDSL
Compatible Loop is found within the serving terminal, Frontier will
perform a Line and Station Transfer (or "pair swap") whereby the
Frontier technician will transfer the Customer's existing service from
one existing Loop facility onto an alternate existing xDSL
Compatible Loop facility serving the same location. Frontier
Onvoy Comprehens¡ve ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 92

performs Line and Station Transfers in accordance with the
procedures developed in the DSL Collaborative in the State of New
York, NY PSC Case 00-C-0127. Standard intervals do not apply
when Frontier performs a Line and Station Transfer, and additional
charges shall apply as set forth in the Pricing Attachment.
3.2.6 lf Onvoy submits a Service Order for an xDSL Compatible or BRI ISDN Loop
that has not been prequalified, Frontier will query the Service Order back to
Onvoy for qualification and will not accept such Service Order until the Loop
has been prequalified on a mechanized or manual basis. lf Onvoy submits a
Service Order for an xDSL Compatible or BRI ISDN Loop that is, in fact, not
compatible with the requested service (e.9. ADSL, HDSL etc.) in its existing
condition, Frontier will respond back to Onvoy with a "Nonqualified" indicator
and with information showing whether the non-qualified result is due to the
presence of load coils, presence of digital loop carrier, or loop length (including
bridged tap).
3.2.7 Where Onvoy has followed the prequalification procedure described above
and has determined that a Loop is not compatibte with xDSL technologies or
BRI ISDN service in its existing condition, it may either request an Engíneering
Query, where available, to determine whether conditioning may make the Loop
compatible with the applicable service; or if Onvoy is already aware of the
conditioning required (e.9., where Onvoy has previously requested a
qualification and has obtained loop characteristics), Onvoy may submit a
service order for a Digital Designed Loop. Frontier will undertake to condition
or extend the Loop in accordance with this Section 3.2 of this Attachment upon
receipt of Onvoy's valid, accurate and pre-qualified Service Order for a Digital
Designed Loop.
3,2.8 The Parties will make reasonable efforts to coordinate their respective roles in
order to minimize provisioning problems. ln general, where conditioning or
loop extensions are requested by Onvoy, an interval of eighteen (18) Business
Days will be required by Frontier to complete the loop analysis and the
necessary construction work involved in conditioning and/or extending the loop
as follows:
3.2.8.1 Three (3) Business Days will be required following receipt of
Onvoy's valid, accurate and pre-qualified Service Order for a Digital
Designed or Conditioned Loop to analyze the loop and related plant
records and to create an Engineering Work Order.
3.2.8.2
Upon completion of an Engineering Work Order, Frontier will initiate
the construction order to perform the changes/modifications to the
Loop requested by Onvoy. Conditioning activities are, in most
cases, able to be accomplished within fifteen (,15) Business Days.
Unforeseen conditions may add to this interval.
After the engineering and conditioning tasks have been completed, the standard
Loop provisioning and installation process will be inítiated, subject to Frontier's
standard provisioning intervals.
3.2.9 lf Onvoy requires a change in scheduling, it must contact Frontier to issue a
supplement to the original Service Order. lf Onvoy cancels the request for
conditioning after a loop analysis has been completed but prior to the
commencement of construction work, Onvoy shall compensate Frontier for an
Engineering Work Order charge as set forth in the Pricing Attachment. lf
Onvoy cancels the request for conditioning after the loop analysis has been
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 93

completed and after construction work has started or is complete, Onvoy shall
compensate Frontier for an Engineering Work Order charge as well as the
charges associated with the conditioning tasks performed as set forth in the
Pricing Attachment.
3.3 Conversion of Live Telephone Exchange Service to Analog 2W Unbundled Local Loops
(Analog 2W Loops).
3.3.1 The following coordination procedures shall apply to "live" cutovers of Frontier
Customers who are converting their Telephone Exchange Services to Onvoy
Telephone Exchange Services provisioned over Analog 2W Loops to be
provided by Frontier to Onvoy:
3.3.'1.1 Coordinated cutover charges shall apply to conversions of live
Telephone Exchange Services to Analog 2W Loops. When an
outside dispatch is required to perform a conversion, additional
charges may apply. lf Onvoy does not request a coordinated
cutover, Frontier will process Onvoy's order as a new installation
subject to applicable standard provisioning intervals.
3.3.1.2 Onvoy shall request Analog 2W Loops for coordinated cutover from
Frontier by delivering to Frontier a valid electronic Local Service
Request ('LSR"). Frontier agrees to accept from Onvoy the date
and time for the conversion designated on the LSR ("Scheduled
Conversion Time"), provided that such designation is within the
regularly scheduled operating hours of the Frontier Regional CLEC
Control Center ('RCCC") and subject to the availability of Frontier's
work force. ln the event that Frontier's work force is not available,
Onvoy and Frontier shall mutually agree on a New Conversion
Time, as defined below. Onvoy shall designate the Scheduled
Conversion Time subject to Frontier standard provisioning intervals
as stated in the Frontier CLEC Handbook, as may be revised from
time to time. Within three (3) Business Days of Frontier's receipt of
such valid LSR, or as otherwise required by the Federal Unbundling
Rules, Frontier shall provide Onvoy the scheduled due date for
conversion of the Analog 2W Loops covered by such LSR.
3.3.1.3 Onvoy shall provide dial tone at the Onvoy collocation site at least
forty-eight (48) hours prior to the Scheduled Conversion Time.
3.3.1.4 Either Party may contact the other Party to negotiate a new
Scheduled Conversion Time (the "New Conversion Time");
provided, however, that each Party shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to provide four (4) business hours' advance
notice to the other Party of its request for a New Conversion Time.
Any Scheduled Conversion Time or New Conversion Time may not
be rescheduled more than one (l ) time in a Business Day, and any
two New Conversion Times for a particular Analog 2W Loop shall
differ by at least eight (8) hours, unless otherwise agreed to by the
Parties.
3.3.1.5 lf the New Conversion Time is more than one (1) business hour
from the original Scheduled Conversion Time or from the previous
New Conversion Time, the Party requesting such New Conversion
Time shall be subject to the following:
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 94

3.3.1.5.1 lf Frontier requests to reschedule outside of the one (1)
hour time frame above, the Analog 2W Loops Service
Order Charge for the original Scheduled Conversion
Time or the previous New Conversion Time shall be
credited upon request from Onvoy; and
3.3.1.5.2 lf Onvoy requests to reschedule outside the one (1) hour
time frame above, Onvoy shall be charged an additional
Analog 2W Loops Service Order Charge for
rescheduling the conversion to the New Conversion
Time.
3.3.1.6 lf Onvoy is not ready to accept service at the Scheduled Conversion
Time or at a New Conversion Time, as applicable, an additional
Service Order Charge shall apply. lf Frontier is not available or
ready to perform the conversíon within thirty (30) minutes of the
Scheduled Conversion Time or New Conversion Time, as
applicable, Frontier and Onvoy will reschedule and, upon request
from Onvoy, Frontier will credit the Analog 2W Loop Service Order
Charge for the original Scheduled Conversion Time.
3.3.1.7 The standard time interval expected from disconnection of a live
ïelephone Exchange Service to the connection of the Analog 2W
Loops to Onvoy is fifteen (15) minutes per Analog 2W Loop for all
orders consisting of twenty (20) Analog 2W Loops or less. Orders
involving more than twenty (20) Loops will require a negotiated
interval.
3.3.1.8
Conversions involving LNP will be completed according to North
American Numbering Council (NANC) standards, via the regional
Number Portability Administration Center (NPAC).
3.3.1.9 lf Onvoy requires Analog 2W Loop conversions outside of the
regularly scheduled Frontier RCCC operating hours, such
conversions shall be separately negotiated. Additional charges
(e.9. overtime labor charges) may apply for desired dates and times
outside of regularly scheduled RCCC operating hours.
3.4 ntentionally Left Blankl,
fl
3.5 FTTP Loops.
3.5.1
New Builds. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement or any
Frontier Tariff, Onvoy shall not be entitled to obtain access to a FTTP Loop, or
any segment thereof, on an unbundled basis when Frontier deploys such a
Loop to the Customer premises of an end user that has not been served by
any Frontier Loop other than a FTTP Loop.
3.5.2
Overbuilds. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement or any
Frontier Tariff, if (a) Frontier deploys an FTTP Loop to replace a copper Loop
previously used to serve a particular end user's customer premises, and (b)
Frontier retires that copper Loop and there are no other available copper
Loops or Hybrid Loops for Onvoy's provision of a voice grade service to that
end user's customer premises, then in accordance with, but only to the extent
required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules, Frontier shall provide Onvoy with
nondiscriminatory access on an unbundled basis to a transmission path
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 95

capable of providing DSO voice grade service to that end user's customer
premises.
ó.o Hybrid Loops.
3.6.1 Packet Switched Features. Functions. and Capabilities. Notwithstanding any
other piovision of this Agreement or any Frontier Tariff or SGAT, Onvoy shall
not be entitled to obtain access to the Packet Switched features, functions, or
capabilities of any Hybrid Loop on an unbundled basis'
3.6.2 Broadband Services. Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this
nttachmènt, when Onvoy seeks access to a Hybrid Loop for the provision of
"broadband services", as such term is defined by the FCG, then in accordance
with, but only to the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules, Frontier
shall provide Onvoy with unbundled access to the existing time division
multiplexing features, functions, and capabilities of that Hybrid Loop, including
DSI or DS3 capacity (but only where impairment has been found to exist,
which, for the avoidance of any doubt, does not include instances where
Frontier is not required to provide unbundled access to a DS1 Loop or a DS3
Loop under Section 1 of this Attachment) to establish a complete time division
multiplexing transmission path between the main distribution frame (or
equivalent) in a Frontier End Office serving an end user to the demarcation
point at the end user's Customer premises. This access includes access to all
features, functions, and capabilities of the Hybrid Loop that are not used to
transmit packetized information'
3.6.3 Narrowband Services. Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this
Attachment, when Onvoy seeks access to a Hybrid Loop for the provision to its
Customer of "narrowband services", as such term is defined by the FCC' then
in accordance with, but only to the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling
Rules, Frontier shall, in its sole discretion, either (a) provide access to a spare
home-run copper Loop serving that customer on an unbundled basis, or (b)
provide access, on an unbundled basis, to a DSO voice-grade transmission
path between the main distribution frame (or equivalent) in the end user's
serving End Office and the end user's Customer premises, using time division
multiplexing technologY.
3.6.4 IDLC Hvbrid Looos and Loops Provisioned via Loop Concentrator. Subject to
the conditions set forth in Section I of this Attachment, if Onvoy requests, in
order to provide narrowband services, unbundling of a 2 wire analog or 4 wire
analog Loop currently provisioned via lntegrated Digital Loop Carrier (over a
Hybrid Loop) or via Remote Switching technology deployed as a Loop
concentrator Frontier shall, in accordance with but only to the extent required
by the Federal Unbundling Rules, provide Onvoy unbundled access to a Loop
capable of voice-grade service to the end user Customer served by the Hybrid
Loop.
3.6.4.1 Frontier will endeavor to provide Onvoy with an existing copper
Loop or a Loop served by existing Universal Digital Loop Carrier
('UDLC'). Standard recurring and non-recurring Loop charges will
apply. ln addition, a non-recurring charge will apply whenever a line
and station transfer is performed.
3.6.4.2 lf neither a copper Loop nor a Loop served by UDLC is available,
Frontier shall, upon request of Onvoy, provide unbundled access to
a DSO voice-grade transmission path between the main distribution
frame (or equivalent) in the end user's serying End Office and the
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 96

end user's Customer premises via such technically feasible
alternative that Frontier in its sole discretion may elect to employ. ln
addition to the rates and charges payable ín connection wíth any
unbundled Loop so provisioned by Frontier, Onvoy shall be
responsible for any of the following charges that apply in the event
the technically feasible optlon lnvolves construction, installation, or
modification of facilities: (a) an engineering query charge for
preparation of a price quote; (b) upon Onvoy's submission of a firm
construction order, an engineering work order nonrecurring charge;
and (c) construction charges, as set forth in the price quote. lf the
order is cancelled by Onvoy after construction work has started,
Onvoy shall be responsible for cancellation charges and a pro-rated
charge for construction work performed prior to the cancellation.
3.6,4.3 Frontier may exclude its performance in connection with providing
unbundled Loops pursuant to this Section 3.6.4 from standard
provisioning intervals and performance measures and remedies, if
any, contained in the Agreement or elsewhere.
4. Line Splitting (also referred to as,,Loop Sharing,,)
4.1
Line Splitting is a process in which one CLEC provides narrowband voice service over
the low frequency portion of an unbundled copper Loop obtained from Frontier (such
CLEC may be referred to as the "VLEC") and a second CLEC provides digital subscriber
line service over the high frequency portion of that same Loop (such CLEÕ may be
referred to as the "DLEC"). Line Splitting is accomplished through the use of a splitter
collocated at the Frontier central office where the Loop terminates into a distributìon
frame or its equivalent.
4.2
Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment, Onvoy may engage ín
Line Splitting, in accordance with this Section 4 and the rates and charges piovidãO tor in
the Pricing Attachment. Frontier shall provide access to Line Splitting iñ accordance with,
but only to the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules.
4.3 Any Line splitting between onvoy and another CLEC shall be accomplished by prior
negotiated arrangement between Onvoy and the other CLEC. Onvoy shall givê'Frontier
written notice of this arrangement through the Frontier Communications Locãl Service
Customer Profile Form (formerly referred to as the Frontier Wholesale Local Service
Customer Profile Form) on the Frontier Communications website (formerly referred to as
the Frontier wholesale website), or such other electronic notice mechanism that Frontier
may make available, at least thirty (30) days prior to placing an order for a Line Spl1ting
arrangement with such other CLEC. The other CLEC must have an interconnection
agreement with Frontier that permits it to engage in Line Splitting with Onvoy. The VLEC
shall be responsible for all rates and charges associated with thè subject Loop as well as
rates and charges associated with the DLEC's use of the high frequency portibn of the
Loop, including, but not limited to, service order charges, prõvisioning anù installation
charges, central office wiring, loop qualification charges, and OSS charges.
4.4 ln order to facilitate Onvoy's_engaging in Line Splitting pursuant to this Section 4, Onvoy
may order for use in a Line splitting arrangement, those Network Elements,
Combinations, Collocation arrangements, services, facilities, equipment and
arrangements, appropriate for Line Splitting, that are offered to Onvoy by Frontier under
the other sections of this Agreement. sucñ Network Elements, comb¡nåt¡ons,
collocation arrangements, services, facilities, equipment and arrangements, will be
provided to onvoy in accordance with, and subject to, the rates and charges and other
provisions of this Agreement and Frontier's applicable Tariffs. Frontier shall be obligated
to provide Network Elements, combinations, collocation arrangements, services,
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 06121B.docx 97

facilities, equipment and arrangements, for Line Splitting only to the extent required by
the Federal Unbundling Rules.
4.5
Onvoy and/or the other participating CLEC shall provide any splitters and/or Digital
Subscriber Line Access Multiplexers used in a Line Splitting arrangement'
4.6
The standard provisioning interval for the Line Splitting arrangement shall be as set out in
the Frontier Product lnterval Guide; provided that the standard provisioning interval for a
Line Splitting arrangement shall not exceed the shortest of the following intervals: (1) the
standard provisioning interval for a Line Splitting arrangement if stated in an applicable
Frontier Tariff; or, (2) the standard provisioning interval for a Line Splitting arrangement, if
any, established in accordance with the Federal Unbundling Rules. The standard
provisioning interval for a Line Splitting arrangement shall commence only after any
required engineering and conditioning tasks have been completed. The standard
provisioning interval shall not apply where a Line and Station Transfer is performed.
4.7
Frontier shall not be liable for any claims, damages, penalties, liabilities or the like of any
kind for disruptions to either Onvoy's or the other CLEC's respective voice or data
services over a Line Splitting arrangement.
5.
lThis Section lntentionally Left Blank]
6. Sub-Loop
Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment and upon request by Onvoy,
Frontier shall allow Onvoy to access Sub-Loops unbundled from local switching and transport, in
accordance with the terms of this Section 6 and the rates and charges set forth in the Pricing
Attachment. Frontier shall allow Onvoy access to Sub-Loops in accordance with, but only to the
extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules. The available Sub-Loop types are as set forth
below.
6.1 Unbundled Sub-Loop Arranoement- Distribution (USLA).
Subject to the conditions set forth in Section I of this Attachment and upon request by
Onvoy, Frontier shall provide Onvoy with access to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility in
accordance with, and subject to, the terms and provisions of this Section 6.1, the rates
set forth in the Pricing Attachment, and the rates, terms and conditions set forth in
Frontier's applicable Tariffs. Frontier shall provide Onvoy with access to a Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility in accordance with, but only to the extent required by, the Federal
Unbundling Rules.
6.1.1 Onvoy may request that Frontier reactivate (if available) an unused drop and
NID or provide Onvoy with access to a drop and NID that, at the time of
Onvoy's request, Frontier is using to provide service to the Customer (as such
term is hereinafter defined).
6.1.2 Upon site-specific request, Onvoy may obtain access to the Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility at a technically feasible access point located near a
Frontier remote terminal equipment enclosure at the rates and charges
provided for in the Pricing Attachment. lt is not technically feasible to access
the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility if a technician must access the facility by
removing a splice case to reach the wiring within the cable. Onvoy may obtain
access to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility through any method required by the
Federal Unbundling Rules, in addition to existing methods such as from a
Telecommunications outside plant interconnection cabinet (TOPIC) or, if
Onvoy is collocated at a remote terminal equipment enclosure and the FDI for
such Sub-Loop Distribution Facility is located in such enclosure, from the
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 98

collocation arrangement of Onvoy at such terminal, lf Onvoy obtains access to
a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility from a TOPIC, Onvoy shall install a TOpIC on
an easement or Right of Way obtained by Onvoy within 100 feet of the Frontier
FDI to which such Sub-Loop Distribution Facility is connected. A TOPIC must
comply with applicable industry standards. Subject to the terms of applicable
Frontier oasements, Frontier shall furnish and place an interconnecting cable
between a Frontier FDI and an Onvoy TOPIC and Frontier shall install a
terminatíon block within such roPlc. Frontier shall retain title to and maintain
the interconnecting cable. Frontier shall not be responsible for building,
maintaining or servicing the TOPIC and shall not provide any power that might
be required by Onvoy for any of Onvoy's electronics in the TOPIC. Onvoy
shall provide any easement, Right of Way or trenching or supporting structure
required for any portion of an interconnecting cable that runs beyond a Frontier
easement.
6.1.3 Onvoy may request from Frontier by submitting a loop make-up engineering
query to Frontier, and Frontier shall provide to Onvoy, the following information
regarding a Sub-Loop Distríbution Facility that serves an identified Customer:
the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility's length and gauge; whether the Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility has loading and bridged tap; the amount of bridged tap (if
any) on the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility; and, the location of the FDI to which
the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility is connected.
6.1.4 To order access to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility from a TOPIC, Onvoy must
first request that Frontier connect the Frontier FDI to which the Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility is connected to an Onvoy TOPIC. To make such a
request, Onvoy must submit to Frontier an application (a "Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility lnterconnection Application") that identifíes the FDI at
which Onvoy wishes to access the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility. A Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility lnterconnection Application shall state the location of the
TOPIC, the size of the interconnecting cable and a description of the cable's
supporting structure. A Sub-Loop Distribution Facility lnterconnection
Application shall also include a five-year forecast of Onvoy's demand for
access to Sub-Loop Distribution Facilities at the requested FDl. Onvoy must
submit the application fee set forth in the Pricing Attachment attached hereto
and Frontier's applicable Tariffs (a "Sub-Loop Distribution Facility Application
Fee") with Sub-Loop Distribution Facility lnterconnection Application. Onvoy
must submit Sub-Loop lnterconnection Applications to:
Onvoy's Account Manager
6.1.5 Within sixty (60) days after it receives a complete Sub-Loop Distribution
Facility lnterconnection Application for access to a Sub-Loop Distribution
Facility and the Sub-Loop Dístribution Facility Application Fee for such
application, Frontier shall provide to Onvoy a work order that describes the
work that Frontier must perform to provide such access (a "Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility Work Order") and a statement of the cost of such work (a
"Sub-Loop Distribution Facility lnterconnection Cost Statement").
6.1.6 Onvoy shall pay to Frontier fifty percent (50%) of the cost set forth in a Sub-
Loop Distribution Facility lnterconnection Cost Statement within sixty (60) days
of onvoy's receipt of such statement and the associated sub-Loop Distribution
Facility Work Order, and Frontier shall not be obligated to perform any of the
work set forth in such order until Frontier has received such payment. A Sub-
Loop Distribution Facility lnterconnection Application shall be deemed to have
been withdrawn if Onvoy breaches its payment obligation under this Section.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 99

Upon Frontier's completion of the work that Frontier must perform to provide
Onvoy with access to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility, Frontier shall bill Onvoy,
and Onvoy shall pay to Frontier, the balance of the cost set forth in the Sub-
Loop Distribution Facility lnterconnection Cost Statement for such access.
6.1.7 After Frontier has completed the installation of the interconnecting cable to an
Onvoy TOPIC and Onvoy has paid the full cost of such installation, Onvoy can
request the connection of Frontier Sub-Loop Distribution Facilities to the
Onvoy TOPIC. At the same time, Onvoy shall advise Frontier of the services
that Onvoy plans to provide over the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility' request
any conditioning of the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility and assign the pairs in
the interconnecting cable. Onvoy shall run any crosswires within the TOPIC.
6.1.8 lf Onvoy requests that Frontier reactivate an unused drop and NlD, then
Onvoy shall provide dial tone (or its DSL equivalent) on the Onvoy side of the
applicable Frontier FDI at least twenty-four (24) hours before the due date. On
the due date, a Frontier technician will run the appropriate cross connection to
connect the Frontier Sub-Loop Distribution Facility to the Onvoy dial tone or
equivalent from the TOPIC. lf Onvoy requests that Frontier provide Onvoy with
access to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility that, at the time of Onvoy's request,
Frontier is using to provide service to a Customer, then, after Onvoy has
looped two interconnecting pairs through the TOPIC and at least twenty four
(24) hours before the due date, a Frontier technician shall crosswire the dial
tone from the Frontier central office through the Frontier side of the TOPIC and
back out again to the Frontier FDI and Frontier Sub-Loop Distribution Facility
using the "loop through" approach. On the due date, Onvoy shall disconnect
Frontier's dial tone, crosswire its dial tone to the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility
and submit Onvoy's LNP request.
6.1.9 Frontier will not provide access to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility if Frontier is
using the loop of which the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility is a part to provide
line sharing service to another CLEC or a service that uses derived channel
technology to a Customer unless such other CLEC first terminates the
Frontier-provided line sharing or such Customer first disconnects the service
that utilizes derived channel technology.
6.1.10 Frontier shall provide Onvoy with access to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility in
accordance with negotiated intervals
6.1.',!1 Frontier shall repair and maintain a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility at the
request of Onvoy and subject to the time and material rates set forth in Pricing
Attachment and the rates, terms and conditions of Frontier's applicable Tariffs.
Onvoy accepts responsibility for initial trouble isolation for Sub-Loop
Distribution Facilities and providing Frontier with appropriate dispatch
information based on its test results. lf (a) Onvoy reports to Frontier a
Customer trouble, (b) Onvoy requests a dispatch, (c) Frontier dispatches a
technician, and (d) such trouble was not caused by Frontier Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility facilities or equipment in whole or in part, Onvoy shall pay
Frontier the charges set forth in the Pricing Attachment and Frontier's
applicable Tariffs for time associated with said dispatch' ln addition, these
charges also apply when the Customer contact as designated by Onvoy is not
available at the appointed time. lf as the result of Onvoy instructions, Frontier
is erroneously requested to dispatch to a site on Frontier company premises
("dispatch in"), the charges set forth in Pricing Attachment and Frontier's
applicable Tariffs will be assessed per occurrence to Onvoy by Frontier. lf as
the result of Onvoy instructions, Frontier is erroneously requested to dispatch
to a site outside of Frontier company premises ("dispatch out"), the charges set
061218'docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 100

forth in Pricing Attachment and Frontier's applicable Tariffs will be assessed
per occurrence to Onvoy by Frontier.
6.2 ntentionally Left Blankl.
fl
6.3 Collocation in Remote Terminals.
To the extent required by Applicable Law, Frontier shall allow onvoy to collocate
equipment in a Frontier remote terminal equipment enclosure in accordance with, and
subject to, the rates, terms and conditíons set forth in the Collocation Attachment and the
Pricing Attachment.
7. ntentionally Left Blankl
fl
8. ntentionally Left Blankl
fl
9. Network lnterface Device
9'1
Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment and upon request by
Onvoy, Frontier shall permit Onvoy to connect an Onvoy Loop to the lnside Wiring of a
Customer's premises through the use of a Frontier NID in accordance with this Sèction g
and the rates and charges provided in the Pricing Attachment. Frontier shall provide
Onvoy with access to NlDs in accordance with, but only to the extent required by, the
Federal Unbundling Rules. Onvoy may access a Frontier NID either by means of a
connection (but only if the use of such connection is technically feasible) from an
adjoining Onvoy NID deployed by Onvoy or, if an entrance module is available in the
Frontier NlD, by connecting an Onvoy Loop to the Frontier NlD. When necessary,
Frontier will rearrange lts facillties to provide access to an existing Customer's lntide
Wire, An entrance module is available only if facilities are not connected to it.
9'2
ln no case shall Onvoy access, remove, disconnect or in any other way rearrange
Frontier's Loop facilities from Frontier's NlDs, enclosures, or protectors.
9.3
ln no case shall Onvoy access, remove, disconnect or in any other way rearrange, a
Customer's lnside Wiring from Frontier's NlDs, enclosures, or protectors whereiuch
Customer lnside Wiring is used in the provision of ongoing Telecommunications Service
to that Customer.
9.4 ln no case shall onvoy remove or disconnect ground wires from Frontier's NlDs,
enclosures, or protectors.
9.5 ln no case shall Onvoy remove or disconnect NID modules, protectors, or terminals from
Frontier's NID enclosures.
9.6 Maíntenance and control of premises lnside Wiring is the responsibility of the Customer.
Any conflicts between service providers for access to the Customer's lnside Wiring must
be resolved by the person who controls use of the wiring (e.g., the Customer).
9.7 When Onvoy is connecting an Onvoy-provided Loop to the lnside Wiring of a Customer's
premises through the customer's side of the Frontier NlD, onvoy does not need to
submit a reguest to Frontier and Frontier sþall not charge onvoy for access to the
Frontier NlD. ln such instances, Onvoy shàll comply with the provisions of Sections g.2
through 9.7 of this Attachment and shall access the Customer's lnside Wire in the
manner set forth in Section 9.8 of this Attachment.
9.8 Due to the wide variety of NlDs utilized by Frontier (based on customer size and
environmental considerations), Onvoy may access the Customer's lnside Wiring, acting
as the agent of the Customer by any of the following means:
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensivê ICA NE CTC 1O1

9.8.1 Where an adequate length of lnside Wiring is present and environmental
conditions permit, Onvoy may remove the lnside Wiring from the Customer's
side of the Frontier NID and connect that lnside Wiring to Onvoy's NlD.
9.8.2 Where an adequate length of lnside Wiring is not present or environmental
conditions do not permit, Onvoy may enter the Customer side of the Frontier
NID enclosure for the purpose of removing the lnside Wiring from the terminals
of Frontier's NID and connecting a connectorized or spliced jumper wire from a
suitable "punch out" hole of such NID enclosure to the lnside Wiring within the
space of the Customer side of the Frontier NlD. Such connection shall be
electrically insulated and shall not make any contact with the connection points
or terminals within the Customer side of the Frontier NID'
9.8.3 Onvoy may request Frontier to make other rearrangements to the lnside
Wiring terminations or terminal enclosure on a time and materials cost basis to
be charged to the requesting party (i.e. Onvoy, its agent, the building owner or
the Customer). lf Onvoy accesses the Customer's lnside Wiring as described
in this Section 9.8.3, time and materials charges will be billed to the requesting
party (i.e. Onvoy, its agent, the building owner or the Customer).
10. Fhis Section lntentionally Left Blankl
11. Dedicated Transport
11.1 Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment, where facilities are
available, at Onvoy's request, Frontier shall provide Onvoy with Dedicated Transport
unbundled from other Network Elements at the rates set forth in the Pricing Attachment.
Frontier shall provide Onvoy with such Dedicated Transport in accordance with, but only
to the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules. Except as provided in Section
17 below, Frontier will not install new electronics, and Frontier will not build new facilities.
For the avoidance of any doubt, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
Frontier shall not be required to provide, and Onvoy shall not request or obtain,
unbundled access to shared (or common) transport, or any other interoffice transport
facility that does not meet the definition of Dedicated Transport.
11.2 lf and, to the extent that, Onvoy has purchased (or purchases) transport from Frontier
under a Frontier Tariff or otherwise, and Onvoy has a right under the Federal Unbundling
Rules to convert (and wishes to convert) such transport to unbundled Dedicated
Transport under this Agreement, it shall give Frontier written notice of such request
(including, without limitation, through submission of ASRs if Frontier so requests) and
provide to Frontier all information (including, without limitation, a listing of the specific
circuits in question) that Frontier reasonably requires to effectuate such conversion. ln
the case of any such conversion, Onvoy shall pay any and all conversion charges (e.9.,
non-recurring charges), as well as any and all termination liabilities, minimum service
period charges and like charges in accordance with Frontier's applicable Tariffs. lf the
transport to be converted comprises a portion of a High Capacity EEL (as defined in
Section 16.2.1 below), the applicable provisions of Section 16 below shall apply.
12. flhis Section lntentionally Left Blank]
13. Operations Support SYstems
I
Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment and in Section of the
Additional Services Attachment, Frontier shall provide Onvoy with access via electronic interfaces
to databases required for pre-ordering, ordering, provisioning, maintenance and repair, and
billing. Frontier shall provide Onvoy with such access in accordance with, but only to the extent
required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules. Allsuch transactions shallbe submitted by Onvoy
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC '102

through such electronic interfaces.
14. Availability of Other Network Elements on an Unbundled Basis
14.1
Any request by Onvoy for access to a Frontier Network Element that is not already
available and that Frontier is required by the Federal Unbundling Rules to provide on an
unbundled basis shall be treated as a Network Element Bona Fide Request pursuant to
Section 14.3, ol this Attachment. Onvoy shall provide Frontier access io its Ñetwork
Elements as mutually agreed by the Parties or as required by the Federal Unbundling
Rules.
14.2
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 14, aParly shall not be required
to provide a proprietary Network Element to the other Party under this Section 14 except
as required by the Federal Unbundling Rules.
14.3
Network Element Bona Fide Request (BFR).
14.3.1 Each Party shall promptly consider and analyze access to a new unbundled
Network Element in response to the submission of a Network Element Bona
Fide Request by the other Party hereunder. The Network Element Bona Fide
Request process set forth herein does not apply to those services requested
pursuant to Report & Order and Notice of Proposed Rulemaking g1-141 (rel.
Oct. 19, 1992) fJ 259 and n.603 or subsequent orders.
14.3.2 A Network Element Bona Fide Request shall be submitted in writing and shall
include a technical description of each requested Network Element.
14.3.3 The requesting Party may cancel a Network Element Bona Fide Request at
any time, but shall pay the other Party's reasonable and demonstrable costs of
processing and/or implementing the Network Element Bona Fide Request up
to the date of cancellation.
14.3.4 Within ten (10) Business Days of its receipt, the receiving party shall
acknowledge receipt of the Network Element Bona Fide Request.
14.3.5 Except under extraordinary circumstances, within thirty (30) days of its receipt
of a Network Element Bona Fide Request, the receiving party shall provide to
the requesting Party a preliminary analysis of such Network Element Bona
Fide Request. The preliminary analysis shall confirm that the receiving party
will offer access to the Network Element or will provide a detailed explanation
that access to the Network Element is not technically feasible and/or that the
request does not qualify as a Network Element that is required to be provided
by the Federal Unbundling Rules.
14.3.6 lf the receiving Party determines that the Network Element Bona Fide Request
is technically feasible and access to the Network Element is required to be
provided by the Federal Unbundling Rules, it shall prompfly proceed with
developing the Network Element Bona Fide Request upon receipt of written
authorization from the requesting Party. when it receives such authorizatíon,
the receiving Party shall promptly develop the requested services, determine
their availability, calculate the applicable prices and establish installation
intervals. unless the Parties otherwise agree, the Network Element requested
must be priced in accordance with Section 252(d)(i) of the Act.
'14.3.7 As soon as feasible, but not more than ninety (90) days after its receipt of
authorization to proceed with developing the Network Element Bona Fide
Request, the receiving Party shall provide to the requesting party a Network
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 103

Element Bona Fide Request quote which will include, at a minimum, a
description of each Network Element, the availability, the applicable rates, and
the installation intervals.
14.3.8 Within thirty (30) days of its receipt of the Network Element Bona Fide Request
quote, the requesting Party must either confirm its order for the Network
Element Bona Fide Request pursuant to the Network Element Bona Fide
Request quote or seek arbitration by the Commission pursuant to Section 252
of the Act.
14,3.9 lf a Party to a Network Element Bona Fide Request believes that the other
Party is not requesting, negotiating or processing the Network Element Bona
Fide Request in good faith, or disputes a determination, or price or cost quote,
or is failing to act in accordance with Section 251 ol the Act, such Party may
seek mediation or arbitration by the Commission pursuant to Section 252 o1
the Act.
15. Maintenance of Network Elements
lf (a) Onvoy reports to Frontíer a Customer trouble, (b) Onvoy requests a dispatch, (c) Frontier
dispatches a technician, and (d) such trouble was not caused by Frontier's facilities or equipment
in whole or in part, then Onvoy shall pay Frontier a charge set forth in the Pricing Attachment for
¡me associated with said dispatch. ln addition, this charge also applies when the Customer
contact as designated by Onvoy is not available at the appointed time. Onvoy accepts
responsibility for initial trouble isolation and providing Frontier with appropriate dispatch
information based on its test results. lf, as the result of Onvoy instructions, Frontier is
erroneously requested to dispatch to a site on Frontier company premises ("dispatch in"), a
charge set forth in the Pricing Attachment will be assessed per occurrênce to Onvoy by Frontier.
lf as the result of Onvoy instructions, Frontier is erroneously requested to dispatch to a site
outside of Frontier company premises ("dispatch out"), a charge set forth in the Pricing
Attachment will be assessed per occurrence to Onvoy by Frontier. Frontier agrees to respond to
Onvoy trouble reports on a non-discriminatory basis consistent with the manner in which it
provides service to its own retail Customers or to any other similarly situated Telecommunications
Carrier,
16.
Gombinations,Gommingling,andConversions
16.1 Subject to and without limiting the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment:
16.1.1 Frontier will not prohibit the commingling of a Qualifying UNE with Qualifying
Wholesale Services, but only to the extent and so long as commingling and
provision of such Network Element (or combination of Network Elements) is
required by the Federal Unbundling Rules. Moreover, to the extent and so
long as required by the Federal Unbundling Rules, Frontier shall, upon request
of Onvoy, perform the functions necessary to commingle Qualifying UNEs with
Qualifying Wholesale Services, The rates, terms and conditions of the
applicable access Tariff or separate non-251 agreement will apply to the
Qualifying Wholesale Services, and the rates, terms and conditions of the
Agreement or the Frontier UNE Tariff, as applicable, will apply to the Qualifying
UNEs; provided, however, that a nonrecurring charge will apply for each UNE
circuit that is part of a commingled arrangement, as set forth in the Pricing
Attachment. ln addition, if any commingling requested by Onvoy requires
Frontier to perform physical work that Frontier is required to perform under the
Federal Unbundling Rules, then Frontier's standard charges for such work
shall apply or, in the absence of a standard charge, a fee calculated using
Frontier's standard time and materials rates shall apply until such time as a
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 104

standard charge is established pursuant to the terms set forth in the pricing
Attachment.
16.1.2
Ratcheting, i.e., a pricing mechanism that involves billing a single circuit at
multiple rates to develop a single, blended rate, shall not be required. uNEs
that are commingled with Wholesale Services are not included in the shared
use provisions of the applicable Tariff, and are therefore not eligible for
adjustment of charges under such provisions. Frontier may exclude its
performance in connection with the provisioning of commíngled facilities and
services from standard provisioning intervals and from performance measures
and remedies, if any, contained in the Agreement or elsewhere.
16.1.3
Limitation on section 16.1. section 16.1 is intended only to address the
Parties' rights and obligations as to combining and/or commingling of uNEs
that Frontier is already required to provide to Onvoy under the Agreement and
the Federal Unbundling Rules. Nothing contained in Section 16.1 shallbe
deemed to limit any right of Frontier under the Agreement to cease providing a
facility that is or becomes a Discontinued Facility.
16.2 Service Eligibility Criteria for Certain Combinations and Commingled Facilities and
Services. Subject to the conditions set forth in Sections 1 and 16. I of this Attachment:
16.2,1
Frontier shall not be obligated to provide:
16'2.1.1 an unbundled DS1 Loop in combination with unbundled DS1 or DS3
Dedicated Transport, or commingled with DS1 or DSB access
services;
16.2.1.2 an unbundled DS3 Loop in combination with unbundled DS3
Dedicated Transport, or commingled with DS3 access services;
16.2.1.3 unbundled DS1 Dedicated Transport commingled with DS1 channel
termination access service;
16'2.1.4 unbundled DS3 Þedicated Transport commingled with DS1 channel
termination access service; or
16.2.1.5 unbundled DS3 Dedicated Transport commingled with DS3 channel
termination service,
(individually and collectively "High Capacity EELs") except to the extent Frontier
is required by the Federal Unbundling Rules to do so, and then not unless and
until Onvoy, using an ASR, certifies to Frontier that each combined or
commingled DS1 circuit or DS1 equivalent circuit of a High Capacity EEL
satisfies each of the service eligibility criteria on a circuit-by-circuit basis as set
forth in 47 C.F.R. $ 51.318. Onvoy must remain in compliance with said service
eligibility criteria for so long as Onvoy continues to receive the aforementioned
combined or commingled facilities and/or services from Frontier and Onvoy shall
immediately notify Frontier at such time as a certification ceases to be accurate.
The service eligibility criteria shall be applied to each combined or commingled
DS1 circuit or DS1 equivalent circuit of a High Capacity EEL. lf any combiñed or
commingled DS1 circuit or DS1 equivalent circuit of a High capacity EEL is,
becomes, or is subsequently determined to be, noncompliant, the noncompliant
High Capacity EEL circuit will be treated as described in Section 16.2.2 below.
The foregoing shall apply whether the High Capacity EEL circuits in question are
being provisioned to establish a new circuit or to convert an existing wholesale
service, or any part thereof, to unbundled network elements. For existing High
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 105

Capacity EEL circuits, Onvoy, within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date to the
extent it has not already done so prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement,
must re-certify, using an ASR, that each DS1 circuit or DS1 equivalent circuit
satisfies the service eligibility criteria on a circuit-by-circuit basis as set forth in 47
c.F.R. S 51.318. Any existing High capacity EEL circuits that onvoy leased from
Frontier as of the Effective Date of this Agreement that Onvoy fails to re-certify as
required by this Section by the end of such 30-day period shall be treated as a
non-compliant circuit as described under Section 16.2.2 below effective as of the
Effective Date of this Agreement.
16.2.2 Without limiting any other right Frontier may have to cease providing circuits
that are or become Discontinued Facilities, if a High Capacity EEL circuit is or
becomes noncompliant as described in this Section 16.2 and Onvoy has not
submitted an LSR or ASR, as appropriate, to Frontier requesting disconnection
of the noncompliant facility and has not separately secured from Frontier an
alternative arrangement to replace the noncompliant High Capacity EEL
círcuit, then Frontier, to the extent it has not already done so prior to execution
of this Agreement, shall reprice the subject High Capacity EEL circuit (or
portion thereof that had been previously billed at UNE rates), effective
beginning on the date on which the circuit became non-compliant by
application of a new rate (or, in Frontier's sole discretion, by application of a
surcharge to an existing rate) to be equivalent to an analogous access service
or other analogous arrangement that Frontier shall identify in a written notice to
OnvoY.
16.2.3 Each certification to be provided by Onvoy pursuant to Section 16.2.1 above
must contain the following information for each DS1 circuit or DS1 equivalent:
(a) the local number assigned to each DS1 circuit or DS1 equivalent; (b) the
local numbers assigned to each DS3 circuit (must have 28 local numbers
assigned to it); (c) the date each circuit was established in the 9-1-11F.9'1'1
database; (d) the collocation termination connecting facility assignment for
each circuit, showing that the collocation arrangement was established
pursuant to 47 U.S.C. S 251(cX6), and not under a federal collocation tariff; (e)
the interconnection trunk circuit identification number that serves each DS1
circuit. There must be one such identification number per every 24 DS1
circuits; and (f) the local switch that serves each DS1 circuit. When submitting
an ASR for a circuit, this information must be contained in the Remarks section
of the ASR, unless provisions are made to populate other fields on the ASR to
capture this information.
16.2.4 The charges for conversions are as specified in the Pricing Attachment and
aPPIY for each circuit converted'
16.2.5 AIIASR-driven conversion requests will result in a change in circuit
identification (circuit lD) from access to UNE or UNE to access. lf such
change in circuit lD requires that the affected circuit(s) be retagged, then a
retag fee per circuit will apply as specified in the Pricing Attachment.
16.2.6 All requests for conversions will be handled in accordance with Frontier's
conversion guidelines. Each request will be handled as a project and will be
excluded from all ordering and provisioning metrics.
16.3 Once per calendar year, Frontier may obtain and pay for an independent auditor to audit
Onvoy's compliance in all material respects with the service eligibility criteria applicable to
High Capacity EELs. Any such audit shall be performed in accordance with the
stãndards established by the American lnstitute for Certified Public Accountants, and
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 106

may includê, at Frontier's discretion, the examination of a sample selected in accordance
with the independent auditor's judgment. To the extent the independent auditor's report
concludes that Onvoy failed to comply with the service eligibility criteria, then (without
Iimiting Frontier's rights under Section 16.2.2 above) Onvoy must convert all
noncompliant circuits to the appropriate service, true up any difference in payments,
make the correct payments on a going-fonvard basis, and reimburse Frontiei for the cost
of the independent auditor within thirty (30) days after receiving a statement of such costs
from Frontier. Should the independent auditor confirm Onvoy'é compliance with the
service eligibility criteria, then Onvoy shall provide to the independent auditor for its
verification a statement of Onvoy's out-of-pocket costs of complying with any requests of
the independent auditor, and Frontier shall, within thirty (30) days of the date on which
Onvoy submits such costs to the auditor, reimburse Onvoy for its out-of-pocket costs
verified by the auditor. Onvoy shall maintain records adequate to support its compliance
with the service eligibility criteria for each DS1 or DS1 equivalent circuit for at least
eighteen (18) months after the service arrangement in question is terminated.
17. Routine Network Modifications
17 '1 General Conditions. ln accordance with, but only to the extent required by, the Federal
Unbundling Rules, and subject to the conditions set forth in Section I of this Attachment:
17 '1.1 Frontier shall make such routine network modifications, at the rates and
charges set forth in the Pricing Attachment, as are necessary to permit access
by Onvoy to the Loop, Dedicated Transport facilities available under the
Agreement (including DS1 Loops and DS1 Dedicated rransport, and DS3
Loops and DS3 Dedicated rransport), where the facility has already been
constructed. Routine network modifications applicable to Loops or Transport
are those modifications that Frontier regularly undertakes for its own
Customers and may include, but are not limited to: rearranging or splicing of
in-place cable at existing splice pointsi adding an equipment case; adding a
doubler or repeater; installing a repeater shelf; deploying a new multiplexer or
reconfiguring an existing multiplexer; accessing manholes; and deploying
bucket trucks to reach aerial cable. Routine network modifications do not
include the construction of a new Loop or new Transport facilities, trenchíng,
the pulling of cable, the installation of new aerial, buried, or underground cãble
for a requesting telecommunications carrier, the placement of nevù cable,
securing permits or rights-of-way, or constructing and/or placing new manholes
or conduits. Frontier shall not be required to build any time division
multiplexing (TDM) capability into new packet-based networks or into existing
packet-based networks that do not already have TDM capability. Frontier shãll
not be required to perform any routine network modifications toany facility that
is or becomes a Discontinued Facility.
17.2 Performance Plans. Frontier may exclude its performance in connection with the
provisioníng of Loops or Transport for which routine network modifications are performed
from standard provisioning intervals and performance measures and remedies, if any,
contained in the Agreement or elsewhere.
17.3 Nothing contained in this Section 17 shall be deemed: (a) to establish any obligation of
Frontier to provide on an unbundled basis under the Federal unbundling Rulesãny
facility that this Agreement does not othenryise require Frontier to providã on an
unbundled basis under the Federal Unbundlíng Rules, (b) to obligate Frontier to provide
on an unbundled basis under the Federal Unbundling Rules, for any period of time not
required under the Federal Unbundling Rules, access to any Discontinued Facility, or (c)
to limit any right of Frontier under the Agreement, any Frontier Tariff or sGAT, or
otherwise, to cease providing a Discontinued Facility,
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 107

18. Rates and Charges
The rates and charges for UNEs, Combinations, Commingling, routine network modifications, and
other services, facilities and arrangements, offered under this Attachment shall be as provided in
this Attachment and the Pricing Attachment.
19. Good Faith Performance
lf and, to the extent that, Frontier, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, has not provided
in the State of Nebraska a Service offered under this Attachment, Frontier reservês the right to
negotiate in good faith with Onvoy reasonable terms and conditions (including, without limitation,
ratés and imþlementation timeframes) for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such
terms and conditions (including, without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either
Party may utilize the Agreement's dispute resolution procedures'
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 108

COLLOCATION ATTACH M ENT
1. Definitions
1.1 Space - For the purposes of this agreement Space shall refer to either partitioned (caged)
or unpartitioned space (cageless), unless specified othenvise and mutually agreed upòn.
An enclosed secure area, designated by Frontier within a Frontier Central Office, of a
size and dimension specified by Onvoy and agreed to by Frontier. Partitioned Space is
subject to a minimum size requirement of one- hundred (100) square feet of assignable
space or such lesser amount agreed to by both parties. Frontier shall design anð
construct at onvoy's expense, subject to onvoy's pre-approval of the price, a cage or
room to establish a clear division between Frontier's and Onvoy's area, and for purposes
of securing the space for Onvoy's equipment. Un-partitioned space will have a minimum
size of one equipment bay, which shall be deemed the equivalent of 1s sq. feet.
1.2 cable space - Any passage or opening in, on, under, over or through the central office
cable structure (e.9., electrical metallic tubing, cable vault or alternate splicing chamber,
etc.) required to bring cable to the Space.
1.3 conduit space - Any reinforced passage or opening in, on, under, over or through the
ground between the feeder route conduit system ("Manhole "0") and cable vault location
capable of containing communications facilities, and íncludes: cable entrance facilities;
main conduit; ducts; inner ducts; gas traps; underground dips such as short sections of
conduit under roadway, driveways, parking lots and similar conduit installations that are
required to bring the Onvoy provided fiber optic feeder cable into the Frontier Central
Office.
1.4 9nvov's Facilities - The telecommunications cables and equipment owned or leased by
onvoy, whether installed by Frontier or onvoy that are for the sole use of onvoy in
connection with equipment installed within its Space.
1.5 Qegion and Construction Work - All work by Frontier, including but not limited to, space
design and preparation, the rearrangement of existing facilities, design and construction
of Partitioned Space enclosure, design and placement of required support structure or
any other activity required to accommodate the installation of Onvoy's facilities in the
Frontier space(s) covered under this Agreement, similar work required by onvoy after
initial installation solely because of the existence of Onvoy's Facilities strâil Ue reierred to
as 'Additional Design and construction," and shall be at onvoy's expense, subject to
Onvoy's pre-approval of the price of the work to be performed.
1.6 Cross Connect Fee - A monthly fee charged to Onvoy to compensate Frontier for the
cable connection from Frontier's facilities to the point of termination for onvoy's
collocation facilities.
1.7 Manhole - An underground enclosure where conduit(s) are terminated and which
provides ready access to conduit system.
1.8 Olher ÇLECs - Any person, corporation, or other legal entity other than Onvoy herein, to
whom Frontier has extended or hereafter shall extend an authorization to occupy its
Central Office(s) or conduit system(s).
1.9 Post'lnstallation lnsoection - The work activities performed to visually observe Onvoy's
equipment and cable facilities and equipment installation during and shortly after the
completion of the installation of such equipment and facilities to determine that all
occupancies conform to the standards required by this Agreement as set forth in
Frontier's Safety Manual.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 109

2. Use of Space
2.1
The sole use of Space by Onvoy is to place equipment owned or leased, installed,
operated and maintained by Onvoy, which interconnects with Frontier facilities for the
exchange of Local Traffic or for access to UNEs, Onvoy may not locate its switchíng
equipment in the Space. Onvoy may not interconnect equipment or facilities in its Space
with equipment or facilities within another CLEC's Space without the specific written
consent of Frontier which permission shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any violation of
this paragraph shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement.
2.2
Onvoy may provide or make available to any third-party space within Onvoy's Partitioned
Space only upon prior written notice to Frontier and only if Onvoy remains ultimately
responsible for any such third-party action and the third-party Onvoy enters into
applicable agreements, including a collocation agreement with Frontier which will be
substantially similar to this Agreement but without charge for physical real estate space
within Onvoy's Partitioned Space. Any violation of this paragraph shall be deemed a
material breach of this Agreement.
2.3
Onvoy may place in Space the equipment which meets the standards specified in
Frontier's Safety Manual, or compliant with NEBS standards (which ever holds the higher
standard). ln addition, Onvoy, as specified in Frontier's Safety Manual, is also permitted
to place in Partitioned Space ancillary equipment such as cross-connect frames, as well
as storage cabinets and work surfaces (e.9,, tables). To help ensure the availability of
sufficient space for all Onvoys, Onvoy may order for office communications within the
Space from Frontier, business message rate service under Frontier's applicable tariffs.
Onvoy will provide, install and maintain in Space any repeaters, which may be necessary
as a result of the physical distance between Space and the Central Office terminations of
Frontier facilities and services. Onvoy's equipment and installation of Onvoy's
equipment must comply with all applicable Federal, State, and Local environmental,
health and safety requirements (hereafter "EHS requirements"), as well as Frontier's
Policies and Practices relating to fire, safety, health, environmental, and network
safeguards as set forth in Frontier's Safety Manual. Onvoy agrees its equipment and
installation activities will not materially impact Frontier's services or facilities. Onvoy shall
bear all cost of modifying and maintaining its equipment and the Space as required to
comply with the EHS requirements, and policies and practices set forth in Frontier's
Safety Manual.
3. Occupancy
3,1 Occupancy for all spaces will be granted upon completion of the Design and Construction
Work including "cut down" of Frontier Cabling at the Point of Termination based on the
requested Optical Fiber, DS-3, DS-1, and voice grade lnterconnections identified by
Onvoy in the applicable Application for Collocation. Frontier will provide occupancy of the
space(s) at each affected Central Office on time as specified in the specific Collocation
Schedule for that particular Central Office. However, if Frontier fails, for any reason
beyond its reasonable control, to provide occupancy of the space(s) at the specified
time(s), Frontier shall not be liable to Onvoy for such delay. ln the event that Frontier is
delayed in providing occupancy to Onvoy for any reason other than the acts or omissions
of Onvoy, Onvoy shall not be obliged to pay the license, power or house service fees for
such space(s) under this Agreement until the date Frontier provides occupancy to Onvoy.
Except for Force Majeure events or the acts or omissions of Onvoy, in the event of delay
in Frontier's provision of the Space continues for sixty (60) days after the time set forth in
the Collocation Schedule, Onvoy shall have the option of canceling such collocation
request. Onvoy shall pay Frontier, charges it has incurred in preparing Onvoy's Space up
to the point of cancellation.
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 110

3.2 Frontier shall have the right, for good cause shown, upon a minimum of four (4) months'
notice, to reclaim any Space, Cable Space or Conduit Space, if necessary, in order to
fulfill its obligations under the applicable law to provide telecommunications services to its
End Users. ln the event of such reclamation, Frontier shall use its best efforts to provide
Onvoy with alternative spacê, if feasible. ln the event of a dispute under this Agreement,
the dispute shall be resolved per the Dispute Resolution Section outlined in the Gêneral
Terms and Conditions. Provided Onvoy has brought such dispute in good faith, Frontier
shall take no action to remove Onvoy before resolution of the dispute.
3.3 Frontier shall have the right to terminate use of any Space and associated Cable or
Conduit Space(s) where the Central Office premises becomes the subject of a taking by
eminent authority having such power. Frontier shall notify Onvoy that a taking by
eminent domain of Frontier premises may occur or is contemplated for those facilities
where Onvoy has an interest under this Agreement. Frontier shall also provide Onvoy
with written notice of the outcome of such eminent domain procedure and identify the
schedule by which onvoy must proceed to have onvoy's equipment or property removed
from the Space(s) and associated Cable, and Conduit Space. Onvoy shall have no claim
against Frontler for any rêlocation expenses, any part of any award that may be made for
such taking or value of any unexpired initial term or Renewal Períods that results from a
termination by Frontier under this provision, or any loss of business from full or partial
interruption or interference due to any termination. However, nothing herein shall be
construed as preventing Onvoy from making its own claim against the eminent authority
ordering the taking of the Central Office premises.
3.4 Onvoy may terminate the use of any Space or portion thereof; Partitioned Space must be
relinquished in twenty (20) square feet increments and Cageless Space must be
relinquished in one (1) bay increments. Cable and Conduit Space, D.C. Power and
Emergency A.C. Power described on the Collocation Application may be reduced or
relinquished by giving ninety (90) days prior written notice to Frontier. However, any
remaining Partitioned Space licensed under this Agreement may not be less than one-
hundred (100) square feet, unless a lesser amount was originally occupied or agreed to
by both parties. Any remaining Cageless Space licensed under this agreement, must be
no less than one bay. Onvoy is responsible for the costs of such partial termination.
3.5 The term of the occupancy of the collocated space will coincide with the term of this
Agreement.
4,
Procedures
4.1
Apolication for Occupancy - Onvoy shall complete a written application for occupancy of
any Space, Cable Space or Conduit Space.
4.1.1 Onvoy must provide Frontier, along with completed applications described
above, an appropriate and applicable application fee for each Central Office
Space requested. This amount will be charged against the price set forth in the
Pricing Attachment for administration, engineering, design and construction
related to a onvoy application (the "Price"). Frontier will process applications for
occupancy on a first-come, first-served basis as determined through the receipt
of the application fee. upon receipt of onvoy's first application fees, Frontier will
make available to Onvoy any Frontier-specific documentation required as
indicated.
4.2
Pre-Construction Survey and Desiqn and Construction
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 111

4.2.1 Frontier will conduct a Pre-Construction Survey for each Onvoy request for
Space, Cable Space, Conduit Space and power for which occupancy is
requested to determine the availability of such spaces to accommodate Onvoy's
facilities. ln determining the availability of power and space in Frontier's conduit
system and Central Office(s), Frontier will consider, and give preference to, its
reasonable present and foreseeable needs for such power and space in order to
fulfill its obligations to provide its tariffed services to its End Users.
4.2,2 Frontier will notify Onvoy whether or not the request can be met. lf space in the
Central Office at issue is available, Frontier will provide a Collocation Schedule to
Onvoy.
4.2.3 Onvoy shall have thirty (30) calendar days from the receipt of a Collocation
Schedule to pay the total amount of the Price. The Estimated lnterval for
Turnover of Space(s) will run from the payment by Onvoy of the Price,
4.2.4 Frontier shall design and construct at Onvoy's expense, subject to Onvoy's pre-
approval of the Price as set forth in Appendix A, a cage or room space, as
applicable, to establish a clear division between Frontier's or another CLEC's
area and Onvoy's area, and for purposes of securing the space for Onvoy's
equipment. Frontier reserves the right to partition its equipment at its own
expense from Onvoy's Space.
4.2.5 Frontier shall designate all spaces to be occupied by Onvoy's Facilities under this
Agreement.
4.2.6 ln the event Frontier determines that Frontier's or any other entity's cable
facilities in Conduit Space or Cable Space or Frontier's Central Office equipment
needs rearrangement to accommodate the facilities of Onvoy, Frontier will
include these costs in the Price. Frontier will make reasonable efforts to
minimize the cost of such rearrangements. Onvoy agrees to meet with Frontier
on an as needed basis to review the Design and Construction Work plans and
schedules for the Space, and installation of Onvoy's equipment within its Space,
4.3
Acceptance and Turnover of Space(s)
4.3.1 Frontier will notify Onvoy in writing of the completion of the Design and
Construction Work.
4.3.2 Prior to beginning installation work or occupancy, Onvoy must sign the Design
and Construction Completion Notice applicable to the Frontier Central Office at
issue indicating acceptance of the Design and Construction Work as specified in
each Collocation Schedule. Onvoy access to the Spaces will be provided only
after the execution of the Design and Construction Completion Notice.
4.3.3 Onvoy is responsible for procuring all cables from Manhole "0" to the Space,
including fiber optic cable into the Central Office cable vault, and within cable
support structures between the cable vault and the Space.
4.4 Temporarv Staqinq Area
4.4.1 Frontier commits to providing Onvoy with access to temporary staging areas and
other Central Office building facilities necessary for delivery, installation,
replacement or removal work for equipment and facilities located or to be located
within Onvoy's Space provided such access does not unreasonably interfere with
Frontier's operations. Before beginning any such activity, Onvoy agrees to obtain
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 112

Frontier's written approval of its proposed work scheduling in order to coordinate
use of all necessary temporary staging areas and other building facilities.
Frontier may request additional information before granting approval and may
require minor scheduling changes. Frontier's approval of scheduling will not
unreasonably delay work and its approval for the use of temporary staging areas
and other building facilitíes by Onvoy will not be unreasonably withheld.
4.4.2
Duríng any use of Frontier's facilities by Onvoy, its employees, agents or
contractors, Onvoy is responsible for protecting Frontier's equipment, facilities
and personnel within the staging areas and along the staging route. Onvoy will
use its best efforts to store equipment and materials within the collocation space
when work is not in progress (e.9., overnight). lnterim storage of equipment and
materials overnight will be permitted in the staging area(s) with Frontier's prior
written consent. However, Onvoy shall bear all risk of loss for Onvoy's
equipment and materials whether stored within or outside of the space, except to
the extent resulting from the gross negligence of Frontier or its employees.
Onvoy will meet all EHS requirements, and all Frontier fíre, safety, security,
environmental and housekeeping requirements as set forth in Frontier's Safety
Manual. Frontier may revise Frontier's Safety Manual from time to time in its
discretion for application to all of Frontier's facilities, and will provide copies of
any revísions to onvoy. onvoy will comply with Frontier's safety Manual as
revised. The temporary staging area will be vacated and delivered to Frontier in
a broom-clean condition upon completion of Onvoy's installation work.
4.5 lnspections of Onvov's Facilities
4.5.1
Frontier has the right to inspect the completed installation of Onvoy's equipment
and facilities. onvoy shall have the right to be present at such inspection.
4.5.2
Frontier reserves the right to make subsequent inspections (of any part or all) of
onvoy's equipment and facilities occupying space(s) and associated cable
Space and Conduit Space.
4.5.3 lf Onvoy is found to be in violation of Frontier's requirements for construction in or
use of the Premises, then onvoy shall pay the reasonable costs of the inspection
and shall have a reasonable period of time to bring its facilities within Frontier's
requirements. ln the event of an emergency, Frontier will provide onvoy a post-
inspection report detailing the reasons for the emergency and the results of the
inspection.
5. Fees and Payment Terms
5.1
Upon request for Space, Onvoy must províde Frontier with an application fee per
Appendix A prior to the commencement of any activity.
5.2
Onvoy shall pay to Frontier at the specified time the monthly fees set forth in Appendix A.
Failure to make such payment constitutes a material breach of this Agreement.
5.3
Billing for the fee(s), other than Design and Construction Work charges, delineated in
Appendix A wíll commence on the Occupancy Dates set forth on the Collocation
Application.
5.4
Onvoy shall reimburse Frontier for all reasonable repair or restoration costs incurred by
Frontier associated with damage or destruction caused by Onvoy's personnel, Onvoy'é
agents or Onvoy's suppliers/contractors or Onvoy's visitors.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 113

6. lntentionally Left Blank
7. lnstallation and Maintenance
7.1
Specifications
7.1.',| Onvoy's facilities shall be placed, maintained, relocated or removed in
accordance with the applicable requirements and specifications of the current
editions of the National Electrical Code (NEC), the National Electrical Safety
Code (NESC) and rules and regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health
Act (OSHA) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and any governing
authority having jurisdiction, including state counterparts to OSHA and EPA. All
Onvoy entrance facilities, splices and equipment must comply with EHS
requirements, and Frontier's Policies and Practices, as set forth in Frontier's
Safety Manual. Where a difference in specifications may exist, the more
stringent shall apply.
7.1.2 Onvoy's facilities shall not physically, electronically, or inductively interfere with
any of Frontier's or Other CLEC's or tenant's pre-existing facilities. ln adding
additional facilities, Onvoy and Frontier agree to cooperate with each other to
avoíd interference with Frontier or any other CLEC's or tenant's facilities. Despite
such efforts, in the event Onvoy's facilities interfere with Frontier or any other
CLEC's or tenant's facilities, the Parties shall work together in good faith to
correct the interference.
7.1.3 While many of the standards and technical requirements for Onvoy's cable,
equipment and facilities are set forth in Section 7.1.1 above, Frontier reserves
the right to reasonably specify the type of cable, equipment and construction
standards reasonably required in situations not otherwise covered in this
Agreement. ln such cases, Frontier will furnish to Onvoy written materialwhich
will specify and explain the required construction. lf Onvoy disagrees with
Frontier's explanation, Frontier agrees to meet in good faith to determine
alternative equipment or construction standards that would be mutually
acceptable.
7.1,4 Frontier and Onvoy willjointly determine the length of cable needed to reach
from Manhole "0" to Onvoy's Space. Special arrangements will be agreed upon
to meet unusual conditions. Added or special rearrangements requested by
Onvoy will result in additional charges to Onvoy. All maintenance of fiber optic
cables will be performed by Onvoy and/or vendors employed by Onvoy at
Onvoy's expense. All installation, restoration and maintenance work on Onvoy's
facilities between Manhole "0" and the Space will be performed by Onvoy and/or
vendors employed by Onvoy at Onvoy's expense. This work will be performed in
a timely and efficient manner. Ten (10) days prior to such maintenance, Onvoy
shall provide Frontier notice that maintenance will occur and inform Frontier of
the maintenance schedule. Onvoy shall be accompanied by a qualified Frontier
representative in all Manhole "0" to Onvoy's Space locations at Onvoy's expense.
7.2
EntranceFacilities
7.2.1 Manhole "0" - Frontier reserves the right to prohibit all equipment and facilities,
other than cable, from its entrance manholes. No splicing will be permitted in
Manhole "0", the Frontier Cable vault or any location other than the Space.
Onvoy must provide a length of underground fiber optic cable in Manhole "0"
specified by Frontier of sufficient length to be pulled through the Central Office
conduit and the Central Office cable vault and into the Space, without the need
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx '114

for splicing. onvoy is responsible for the placement of the fiber optic facility
within Manhole "0", and all work performed in or near the Manhole must be done
in accordance with EHS requirements, and Frontier's policies as set forth in
Frontier's Safety Manual. This installation shall be coordinated with and
inspected by Frontier. Onvoy shall be accompanied by a qualified Frontier
representative in all Manhole locations at onvoy's expense. onvoy shall notify
Frontier's Network Operations Center of its intention to enter a Frontier Manhole
"0" with no less than forty-eight (48) hours'advance notice informing Frontier of
the Manhole "0" involved, the anticipated time and duration of entry and the
names of entering employees. All maintenance work on Onvoy's fiber optic
cables will be performed by Onvoy and/or vendors employed by Onvoy at
Onvoy's expense. Ten (10) days prior to such maintenance, Onvoy shall provide
Frontier notice that maintenance will occur and inform Frontier of the
maintenance schedule.
7.2.2 conduit space - onvoy and/or vendors employed by onvoy will install the fiber
optic cable provided by Onvoy in the Conduit Space at Onvoy's expense. Onvoy,
at its expense, shall be accompanied by a qualified Frontier representative during
all fiber optic cable lnstallatlons involving conduit space. onvoy will be required
to provide a good faith three-year forecast for planning and duct allocation
purposes. Frontier will consider any future requests for additional facilities based
upon the availability of such facilities at the time the request is made. Frontier
may provide shared conduit with dedicated inner duct. Onvoy will not be
permitted to reserve space in the Central Office conduit. lf new conduit is
required, Frontier will negotiate with onvoy to enter into a further agreement to
address the specific location. Frontier reserves the right to manage its own
central office conduit requirements and to reserve vacant space for reasonablo
facility additions planned for its primary use.
7.2.3 Cable Space - Central Office Cable Vault - Frontier will provide space for
installing electrical metallic tubing ("EMT") within the Frontier cable vault. where
reasonably deemed necessary by Frontier, pull boxes and/or metallic flexible
tubing will be installed to allow a secured and continuous path. These facilities
will be installed by Frontier and/or vendors employed by Frontier at the expense
of onvoy. A separate EMT conduit will be installed for each CLEC with no more
than one CLEC occupying a single EMT, Frontier will identify all onvoy entrance
facilities accordingly. onvoy and/or vendors employed by onvoy will install the
Onvoy-provided fiber within the EMT conduit at the expense of Onvoy. Onvoy
shall be accompanied by a qualified Frontier representative in all fiber optic cable
installations involving EMT conduit cable vault locations at onvoy's expense. To
avoid unnecessary reinforcements or rearrangements, onvoy agrees to size the
fiber optic facilities to meet three-year forecasted demand, where feasible.
7.2.4 cable space-central office Risers and cable Racks - Frontier will provide space
for installing EMT between the Frontier cable vault and the Space. Where
reasonably deemed necessary by Frontier, all boxes and/or metallic flexible
tubing will be installed to allow a secured and continuous path. These facilities
will be installed by Frontier and/or vendors employed by Frontier at the expense
of Onvoy with no more than one CLEC occupying a single EMT. Onvoy and/or
vendors employed by onvoy will install the onvoy-provided fiber optic cable in
the conduit between the cable vault and the Space at the expense of Onvoy.
onvoy shall be accompanied by a qualified Frontier representative in all fiber
optic cable installations involving cable space at onvoy's expense. Fiber cables
must comply with EHS requirements and Frontier Policies and Practices relating
to fire, safety, health, environmental and network safeguards as set forth in
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 115

Frontier's Safety Manual. Fiber cable sheaths must be adequately grounded
within the Space to the nearest practicable Central Office ground.
7.2.5 Power - Frontier will provide power for Onvoy's equipment, pursuant to charges
set forth in the Pricing Attachment. At Onvoy's expense, Frontier and/or vendors
employed by Frontier shall install the equipment needed to deliver power from
the D.C. Power Board to the Space and a ten-position ground bar shall be
connected to the closest practicable Central Office ground. The D.C. Power
plant will be subject to the normal voltage reductions common to battery plants
occurring during commercial power failures. Where available the D.C. voltage for
the Space will return to the nominal voltage level concurrent with, or prior to,
restoration of a nominal voltage level for Frontier's own equipment once the
back-up generator system is operational and placed back on-line,' Should
Onvoy's power requirements increase to the point that Frontier must purchase
additional power plant to meet their demands, Onvoy shall be responsible for
compensating Frontier for the cost to purchase and install such additional plant.
However, in the event that Frontier or other CLECs also have a need for
additional power requirements to be supplied by such additional plant, the
purchase and installation costs of such plant shall be allocated on a pro rata
basis, based upon the parties' need for and use of such additional plant. The
Collocation Application shall be amended accordingly. lf emergency A'C. Power
is available, and if Onvoy requests, Frontier shall provide such power to Onvoy,
pursuant to the Collocation Application. Upon Onvoy's request, Frontier will
investigate the feasibility of providing Protected A.C. Power. lf Protected A.C.
Power is available, Frontier shall provide such power to Onvoy, pursuant to the
Collocation Application. Onvoy shall also have the right to supply its own battery
back-up power within the Partitioned Space, subject to Frontier's approval of the
necessary equipment, which approval shall not unreasonably be withheld. Any
battery back-up power supplied by Onvoy shall be installed, operated, and
maintained in accordance with Frontier's Safety Manual.
7.2.6 All Collocation Space - Frontier is responsible for providing Space in accordance
with this Attachment. Onvoy will properly ground the fiber cable within the Space
to the nearest practicable Central Office ground. To avoid safety hazards, H
Taps and C Taps are required connections for power leads and power
distribution. Either fusion or mechanical splicing is acceptable for optics. Onvoy
will be responsible for accepting delivery, installation and maintenance of its
equipment within the Space. Onvoy may not construct improvements or make
alterations or repairs to the Space without the prior written approval of Frontier,
which Frontier will not unreasonably withhold.
7.2.7 Point of Termination - Frontier will designate DSX-3 and DSX-1 panel positions
on DSX frames and distribution block locations on Frontier MDF as the Point of
Termination for associated COAX, ABAM and analog cables extending from
Space and used for interface with the Frontier network. Frontier and/or vendors
employed by Frontier will provide, install and repair at Onvoy's expense, all
cables, racks and Central Office termination equipment necessary to provide the
interface required for connection to the Frontier network on the Frontier side of
the Space. Onvoy will pay any costs incurred by Frontier whenever Frontier
personnel are required to identify a trouble as being on Onvoy's side of the Point
of Termination, Frontier will not perform maintenance on equipment on Onvoy's
side of the Point of Termination.
7.2.8 Non-Compliant lnstallations - lf at any time Frontier reasonably determines that
either the equipment or the installation does not meet the requirements outlined
in this Agreement and Onvoy fails to correct any non-compliance with these
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 116

standards within twenty (20) Business Days after written notice to Onvoy,
Frontier may have the equipment removed or the condition corrected at onvoy's
e_xpense. lf, during the installation phase, Frontier reasonably determines any
onvoy activities or equipment are unsafe, non-standard or in violation of any
applicable Frontier requirements, or fire, safety, environmental or policy set forth
in Frontier's safety Manual, Frontier has the right to immediately stop the work or
place it on hold for no longer than reasonably necessary to address the situation.
Frontier must notify onvoy of the stoppage and Frontier's basis for doing so.
However, when such conditions pose an immediate threat to the safety of
Frontier's employees, interfere with the performance of Frontier's service
obligations, or pose an immediate threat to the physical security or integrity of the
conduit system or the cable facilities of Frontier, Frontier will utilize its reasonable
efforts to immediately notify onvoy, but may perform such work and/or take such
action that Frontier deems necessary without prior notice to Onvoy. The
reasonable cost of said work and/or actions shall be borne by onvoy. Frontier
reseryes the right, after giving onvoy sixty (60) calendar days' notice, to require
the removal of products, facilities and equipment reasonably determined by
Frontier to be no longer in compliance with EHS requirements, NEBS and
Frontier safety standards. onvoy shall within such sixty (60) day period, remove
such products, facilities and equipment from its Partitioned space, or otherwise
bring its facilities into compliance.
7.2.9 onvoy agrees to abide by all Frontier security policies, procedures and practices,
and all applicable Federal, State and Local environmental, health, safety and
security requirements, for non-Frontier employees with access to Frontier Central
Offices, Any violation of this Section shall be deemed a material breach.
7.2.9.1 Onvoy and its employees, agents or representatives shall take
reasonable and prudent steps to ensure the adequate protection of
Frontier property, equipment and services.
7.2.9.2 Onvoy will supply Frontier Security with a list of its employees who
require access. Prior to supplying the list, Onvoy will perform a
background check of each individual on the list to determine whether the
individual has a criminal record. onvoy will provide Frontier security with
information regarding the criminal record of any individual on the list, and
Frontier Security may in its sole discretion exclude any individual with a
criminalrecord. Frontier Security may require certain additional
information to ensure positive ídentification of such individuals.
7.2.9.3 Frontier Security will issue non-employee identification cards for each
Onvoy employee listed in accordance with Section T.Z.g.2 and Section
7.2.9.12 who will require frequent or regular access. ldentification cards
will not be issued to Onvoy's vendor or contracted installer. Onvoy's
vendor or contracted installer shall be given access into the Frontier
location housing Onvoy's Space and escorted to Onvoy's Space by an
authorized Onvoy employee with a proper identification card.
ldentification cards must be worn and openly displayed at all times, while
in any Frontier location housing Onvoy's Space. Onvoy will not be
granted access without displaying an identification card. Onvoy is
responsible for notifying Frontier Security immediately, both verbally by
calling 585-777-7773 and in writing to 111 Field St. Rochester, Ny
14620, of any employee on the access list that no longer requires said
access. Onvoy must notify Frontier Security immediately in the event
any fisted employee's employment is terminated, by calling 595-777-
7773, which is staffed twenty-four (24) hours a day seven (7) days a
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 117

week. Onvoy is responsible for the collection and return, to Frontier
Security, of lD cards of employees removed from the list. Onvoy is
responsible for returning all lD cards, to Frontier Security, upon
termination of this Agreement.
7.2.9.4 Onvoy's employees are restricted to a specific access route, designated
by Frontier Security, from the designated Central Office exterior door to
the Space. Onvoy's employees shall have access to its physical
collocation space twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week
without requiring either a security escort of any kind or requiring a
Frontier employee or representative to be present during Onvoy's entry
into the premises. Onvoy's employees and contractors shall make
reasonable efforts to enter Frontier's Central Offices during the 6:00
a.m.-10:00 p.m. working hours Monday through Friday. For non-
emergency access to Central Offices where Frontier's equipment is
accessible to Onvoy's personnel, Onvoy's employees may enter
Frontier's CentralOffices between 10:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m, Monday
through Friday and on weekends only after notifying Frontier of its
intention to enter a Frontier Central Office with no less than two (2) hours
advanced notice. Frontier will provide Onvoy with a list of Central Offices
where such advanced notice is required for access outside of Frontier's
working hours. No advanced notice will be required for access to a
Central Office where Frontier's equipment is not accessible to Onvoy's
personnel and there is a separate entrance. Prior to emergency access,
Onvoy shall give Frontier notice at or about the time that Onvoy's
employees are dispatched to the Central Office. ln all cases, Onvoy
shall make such notification by contacting Frontier's twenty-four (24)
hour Security Command Center a|585-777-7773 and informing Frontier
of the Central Office involved, the anticipated time of entry, and the
names of entering employees. ln all cases where Onvoy requires entry
into Frontier's premises outside of normal business hours, Onvoy must
contact the Security Command Center upon arrival at the premises.
7.2.9.5 lf Onvoy arrives at the Central Office and the access cards has not been
activated within ten (10) minutes after Onvoy's notification, Onvoy shall
escalate the issue to Frontier's escalation contact.
7.2.9.6 Frontier will provide security to protect and monitor the Space consistent
with that required for similar Frontier facilities.
7.2.9.7 Where Onvoy provides the security device for its Space, Onvoy will
provide keys or other provisions for access to Frontier Security in the
event of an emergency and to perform the required housekeeping and
equipment inspection activities under the terms and conditions specified
in this Agreement. Frontier shall be responsible for ensuring that its
employees will not be allowed access to the Space unless authorized
under this Agreement.
7.2.9.8 Onvoy will provide Frontier Security with an emergency response list of
persons to be notified of an environmental, safety or security emergency
in any Frontier facility containing Onvoy Space. lt is Onvoy's
responsibility to update the list as necessary.
7.2.9.9 During the installation phase, or for subsequent maintenance, Onvoy will
have access to its Space and any room or area required by them, to
necessitate the installation. Onvoy may be escorted in areas outside its
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 118

Space by qualified Frontier employees or Frontier Security personnel for
these occasions.
7.2.9.10
ln the event that there shall be a labor dispute involving any
person working in or about the Frontier buildings that Onvoy's employees
have access to, Frontier Security shall take reasonable steps to ensure
that Onvoy's representatives have uninterrupted access to the building
for the purpose of performing all functions under this Agreement.
7.2,9.11
Frontier Security may from time to time change its security,
environmental, health and safety arrangements. Onvoy will pay its
proportional share ofthe costs ofthese changes based upon the percent
of square footage occupied by Onvoy in proportion to the total square
footage impacted or protected by the change in arrangements.
7.2.9.12
Onvoy shall at all times maintain compliance with federal, state
and local laws as well as Frontier policies, practices and procedures as
set forth in Frontier's Environmental, Health and Safety Manual. Onvoy
shall at all times maintain its space in such a way as to not create a fìre
hazard, including, but not limited to, minimizing the use and storage of
combustibles and flammables while on Frontier's premises.
7.2.9.13
Onvoy will provide Frontier with a certification or acceptable form
or written representation that all listed employees and contractors have
completed environmental, health and safety training to meet all legal
requirements, and to enable them to perform their job safely, and in
compliance, while on Frontier premises. Such certification or written
representation must be províded to Frontier prior to issuance of a non-
employee identification card. Onvoy shall be responsible for providing all
of its employees and contractors with adequate personal protective
equipment to perform the job safely.
7.3
RelocationsandRearranqements
7.3.1
As a last resort, Frontier may require onvoy to move from its space to space in
another location within the same Central Office if necessary for Frontier to fulfill
its obligations under the applicable law. Frontier shall provide Onvoy notice of the
need for such a move. Frontier will negotiate a schedule with Onvoy under which
such relocation shall be effected. Frontier will bear the costs of relocating the
Space, Point of Termination and associated Frontier cabling. Onvoy will be
responsible for relocating its equipment and facilities. Frontier and Onvoy will
work together in good faith to minimize any disruption of Onvoy's services as a
result of such relocation. Should Onvoy wish to move equipment from one
location to another, Onvoy will be responsible for removing and transporting its
equipment to the new site and installing it. Frontier will treat the relocation as a
new installation under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
7.3.2
Should Frontier reasonably need to install additional facilities in any conduit
system in which Onvoy occupies Conduit Space for the purpose of meeting its
own service requirements or for providing for another CLEC, Frontier will, after
notifying Onvoy in writing of the basis and schedule proposed, rearrange Onvoy's
facilities in the conduit system so that the additional facilities of Frontier, or other
CLEC, may be accommodated.
7.3.3
ln an emergency affecting the safety of personnel, involving out of service End
Users or integrity of the Frontier Network, Frontier will attempt to notify Onvoy,
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 119

but nevertheless may rearrange Onvoy's facilities occupying a conduit, manhole,
cable vault, riser system or cable support structure without prior notification.
Such rearrangement will be at Onvoy's expense if such emergency is a result of
Onvoy's occupancy of the space(s) under this Agreement or as a result of any
act or omission on the part of Onvoy, its employees, agents or vendors.
7.3.4 Where Onvoy intends to modify, move, replace or add to equipment or facilities
within or about the Space and requires special consideration (e.9., use of freight
elevators, loading dock, staging area, etc.), Onvoy must request and receive
written consent from Frontier.
7.4 Access Riqhts of Frontier
7.4.1 Onvoy will provide emergency access to its Space at all times to allow Frontier to
react to emergencies, to inspect pursuant to the terms and limitations of this
Agreement and to ensure compliance with Frontier policies and standards related
to fire, safety, health and environmental safeguards as set forth in Frontier's
Safety Manual.
8.
Rules of Conduct
8.1 Onvoy agrees that its employees and vendors with access to Frontier Central Office(s)
shall at times adhere to the rules of conduct established by Frontier for the Central Office
and Frontier's personnel and vendors and provided to Onvoy as set forth in Frontier's
Environmental, Health and Safety Manual. Frontier reserves the right to make changes
to such policies, practices and procedures to preserve the integrity and operation of the
Frontier network or facilities, or to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
8.2 Hazardous Materials. Onvoy will identify and will notify Frontier in writing of any
Hazardous Materials Onvoy may bring onto the property and will provide Frontier copies
of any inventories or other data provided to State Emergency Response Commissions
("SERCs"), Local Emergency Planning Committees ("LEPCs") or any other governmental
agencies if required by the Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know Act (41
U.S.C. 1 1001, et seq.). Onvoy, its agents and employees will transport, store and
dispose of Hazardous Materials in accordance with all applicable federal, state or local
laws, ordinances, rules and regulations. Onvoy will promptly notify Frontier of any
releases of Hazardous Materials and will copy Frontier on any notification of or
correspondence with any governmental body as a result of such release.
8.3 For purposes of this Section, "Hazardous Materials" will mean any toxic substances
and/or hazardous materials or hazardous wastes (including, without limitation asbestos
and lead antimony batteries,) as defined in, or pursuant to the OSHA Hazard
Communication Standard (29 CFR Part 1910, Subpart Z), the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. Section 6901, g!5eg.), or regulations adopted
pursuant to those statutes, the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. Section 2601 et
seq.) or any other federal, state or local environmental law, ordinance, rule or regulation.
The provisions of this Section will survive the termination, cancellation, modification or
rescission of this Attachment.
8.4 Onvoy will provide Frontier copies of all Material Safety Data Sheets ("MSDSs") for
materials or chemicals regulated under the OSHA Hazard Communication Standard (29
C.F.R. 1910.1200) that are brought onto the property. All such materials will be labeled
in accordance with 29 C.F,R. 1910.1200, and applicable state regulations if such
regulations are more stringent.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 120

8.5 lf Frontier discovers that Onvoy has brought onto Frontier's property Hazardous Materials
without notification, or is storing or disposing of such materials in violation of any
applicable environmental law, Frontier may, at Frontier's option and without penalty,
terminate this Attachment or suspend performance hereunder. Onvoy will be responsible
for, without cost to Frontier, the complete remediation of any releases or other conditions
caused by its storage, use or disposal of Hazardous Materials. onvoy will also be
responsible for removing and disposing of all Hazardous Materials on its Premises at the
termination of this Attachment. lf Frontier elects to terminate this Attachment or
discontinue the performance of services hereunder due to the storage, use or disposal of
Hazardous Materials, onvoy will have no recourse against Frontier and will be
responsible for all costs and expenses associated with such termination or suspension of
service in addition to being responsible for any remedies available to Frontier for defaults
under this Attachment.
8,6 Onvoy will indemnify and hold harmless Frontier, its successors and assigns against, and
in respect of, any and all damages, claims, losses, liabilities and expenses, including,
without limitation, all legal, accounting, consulting, engineering, and other expenses,
which may be imposed upon, or incurred by, Frontier or asserted against Frontier by any
other party or parties (including, without limitation, Frontier's employees and/or
contractors and any governmental entity) arising out of, or in connection with, Onvoy's
use, storage or disposal of Hazardous Materials on the Premises.
8,7 Various Prohibited uses. onvoy will not do or permit anything to be done upon the
Premises, or bring or keep anything thereon that is in violation of any federal, state or
local laws or regulations (including environmental laws or regulations not previously
described), or any rules, regulations or requirements of the local fire department, Fire
lnsurance Rating Organization, or any other similar authority having jurisdiction over the
Building. Onvoy will not do or permit anything to be done upon the Premises that may in
any way create a nuisance, disturb, endanger, or othen¡¡ise interfere with the
telecommunications services of Frontier, any other occupant of the Building, their patrons
or End users, or the occupants of neighboring property, or injure the reputation of the
property. Onvoy will not, without the prior written consent of Frontier: (i) install or operate
any lead-acid batteries, refrigerating, heating or air conditioning apparatus or carry on
any mechanical business in the Premises; (ii) use the Premises for housing, lodging or
sleeping purposes; (iii) permit preparation or warming of food, presence of cooking-or
vending equipment, sale of food or smoking in the Premises; or (iv) permit the use of any
fermented, intoxicating or alcoholic liquors or substances in the Premises or permit the
presence of any animals except those used by the visually impaired. Frontier may, in its
sole discretion, withhold such consent, or impose any condition in granting it, and revoke
its consent at will.
8.8
Cleanliness and Obstruction of Public Areas. Onvoy will not place anything or allow
anything to be placed near the glass of any door, partition or window that Frontier
determines is unsightly from outside the Premises; or take or permit to be taken in or out
of other entrances of the Building, or take or permit to be taken on any passenger
elevators, any item normally taken through service entrances or elevators; or whether
temporarily, accidentally, or otherwise, allow anything to remain in, place or store
anything in, or obstruct in any way, any passageway, exit, stairway, elevator, or shipping
platform. Onvoy will lend its full cooperation to keep such areas free from all obstruction
and in a clean and sightly condition, move all supplies, furniture and equipment directly to
the Premises as soon as received, and move all such items and waste, other than waste
customarily removed by employees of the Building.
9. Rights Reserved to Frontier
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 0612'l8.docx 121

9.1 Frontier will have the following rights, and others not specifically excluded in this
Attachment, exercisable without notice and without liability to Onvoy for damage or injury
to property, person or business (all claims for damage being hereby released), and
without effecting an eviction or disturbance of Onvoy's use or possession or giving rise to
any claim for offsets, or abatement of rent:
9.2 To designate any and all spaces to be occupied by Onvoy's facilities and equipment
under this Attachment;
9.2.1 To change the name or street address of the Building;
9.2.2 To install and maintain signs on the exterior and interior of the Building or
anywhere on the property;
9.2.3 To have pass keys or access cards with which to unlock all doors in the Premise,
excluding Onvoy's safes;
9,2.4 To enter the Premises for the purposes of examining or inspecting same and of
making such repairs or alterations as Frontier deems necessary (Onvoy hereby
waives any claim for damage, injury, interference with Onvoy's business, any
loss of occupancy or quiet enjoyment of the Premises and any other loss
occasioned by the event except where such damages solely from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of Frontier);
9.2.5 To use any means Frontier may deem proper to open Premises' doors in an
emergency, Entry into the Premises obtained by Frontier by any such means will
not be deemed to be forcible or unlawful entry into or a detainment of or an
eviction of Onvoy from the Premises or any portion thereof;
9.2.6 To utilize the space within the Building in such a manner as will best enable it to
fulfill its own service requirements;
9.2.7 To require all persons entering or leaving the Building during such hours as
Frontier may from tíme to time reasonably determine to identify themselves to a
watchman by registration or otherwise and to establish their right to leave or
enter, and to exclude or expel any solicitor or person at any time from the
Premises or the property. Frontier assumês no responsibility and will not be
liable for any damage resulting from the admission or refusal to admit any
authorized or unauthorized person to the Building, provided that such damage is
not the result of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Frontier;
9.2.8 To approve the weight, size and location of safes, computers and all other heavy
articles in and about the Premises and the Building, and to require all such items
and other office furniture and equipment to be moved in and out of the Building or
premises only at such times and in such a manner as Frontier will direct and in all
events at Onvoy's sole risk and responsibility;
9.2.9 At any time, to decorate and to make, at its own expense, repairs, alterations,
additions and improvements, structural or otherwise, in or to the Premises, the
property, or any part thereof (including, without limitation the permanent or
temporary relocation of any existing facilities such as parking lots or spaces), and
to perform any acts related to the safety, protection or preservation thereof, and
during such operations to take into and through the Premises or any part of the
property all materials and equipment required, and to close or suspend
temporarily operation of entrances, doors, corridors, elevators or other facilities,
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 122

provided that Frontier will limit inconvenience or annoyance to Onvoy as
reasonably possible under the circumstances;
9.2.10 To do or permit to be done any work in or about the Premises or the property or
any adjacent or nearby building, land, street or alley;
9.2.11 To grant to anyone the exclusíve right to conduct any business or render any
service on the property, provided such exclusive right will not operate to exclude
Onvoy from the use expressly permitted by this Attachment, or impose any
additional fees, limitations, or procedural burdens on Onvoy that are not
previously required under this contract, unless Frontier exercises its right to
lerminate this Attachment with respect to all or a portion of the Premises;
9.2.12 To close the Building at such reasonable times as Frontier may determine,
subject to Onvoy's right to admittance under such reasonable regulations as will
be prescribed from time to time by Frontier.
9.2.13 Frontier will have the right to upgrade or replace its equipment at the subject
central office. ln the event that Frontier determines to make such equipment
upgrades or replacements, it will give onvoy six months advance notice of such
changes. lt will be onvoy's responsibility to ensure that its equipment remains
compatible wíth Frontier's upgraded or new equipment.
9,2.14 To perform all work, using Frontier employees or contractors, necessary to ready
the Premises for Onvoy's use;
9.2.15 To exercise all other rights reserved by Frontier pursuant to the provisions of this
Attachment;and
9.2.16 To inspect the installation of equipment in the Premises prior to the connection of
equipment to Frontier facilities.
9.2.17 Frontier reserves the right, with twenty-four (24) hours prior notice to onvoy, to
access Onvoy's collocated space to perform periodic inspections to ensure
compliance with Frontier installation, safety and security practices.
10.
Asbestos
Onvoy is aware the Building in which the Premises is located may contain or have contained
asbestos or asbestos containing building materials, and Onvoy hereby releases and agrees to
hold Frontier harmless from any and all liability to Onvoy or any of its employees, agents or
invitees as a result thereof.
11.
Collocation Application, Forms and lnstructions
Frontier's Collocation Applications and related applications and details can be accessed
at httos://wholesale.frontier.com/wholesale/collocation-and-licensinq
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 123

9-I.1 ATTACHMENT
1 9-1 -l /E9-1 -l Arrangements
1,1
9-1-1/89-1-1 arrangements provide a caller access to the appropriate PSAP by dialing a
3-digit universaltelephone number'9-1-1'. Frontier provides and maintains such
equipment and software at the 9-1-1/89-1-1 Tandem Office(s)/Selective Router(s),
Frontier interface point(s) and ALI Database as is necessary for 9-1-1/E9-1-1 Calls in
areas where Frontier is the designated 9'1-1/89-1-1 Service Provider.
1.2 Frontier shall make the following information available to Onvoy, to the extent permitted
by Applicable Law. Such information is provided at Frontier's Wholesale website:
1.2.1
a listing of the CLLI code (and SS7 point code when applicable) of each
9-1-1/89-1-1 Tandem Office(s)/Selective Router(s) and associated geographic
location served for areas where Frontier is the designated 9-1-1/E9-1-1
Service Provider;
1.2.2
a listing of appropriate Frontier contact telephone numbers and organizations
that currently have responsibility for operations and support of Frontier's
9-1-1/E9-1-1 network and ALI Database systems; and
1.2.3 where Frontier maintains a Master Street Address Guide (MSAG) on behalf of
the Controlling 9-1-1 Authority, Frontier shall provide to Onvoy a complete
copy of such MSAG annually upon written request for each county within the
LATA(s) in the State of Nebraska, where Onvoy is providing Telephone
Exchange Service, provided that Frontier is permitted to do so by Controlling
9-1-1 Authority,
2. ALlDatabase
2.1
Where Frontier manages the ALI Database, information regarding the ALI Database is
provided electronically at Frontier's Wholesale website,
2.2
Where Frontier manages the ALI Database, Frontier shall:
2.2.1
store Onvoy end user data provided by Onvoy in the ALI Database;
2.2.2
provide Onvoy access to the ALI Database for the initial loading and updating
of Onvoy end user records in accordance with information contained in
Frontier's Wholesale website; and
2.2.3
provide Onvoy an error and status report based on updates to the ALI
Database received from OnvoY.
2.3
Where Frontier manages the ALI Database, Onvoy shall:
2.3.1
provide MSAG valid E9-1-1 data for each of its end users for the initial loading
of, and any and all updates to the ALI database;
2.3.2
utilize the appropriate Frontier electronic interface to update E9-1-1 data in the
ALI Database related its end users (and all such database information in the
ALI Database shall conform to Frontier standards, which are provided at
Frontier's Wholesale website);
2.3.3
use its company lD on all end user records in accordance with NENA
standards;
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 124

2.3.4 correct any errors that occur during the entry of E9-1-1 data in the ALI
Database; and
2.3.5 enter E9-1-1 data into the ALI Database in accordance with NENA standards
for LNP. This includes, but ls not llmlted to, using Onvoy's NENA lD to lock
and unlock records and the posting of the Onvoy NENA lD to the ALI
Database record where such locking and unlocking feature for Eg-1-1 records
is available, or as defined by local standards. Onvoy is required to promptly
unlock and migrate its E9-1-1 records in accordance with NENA standards. ln
the event that Onvoy discontinues providing Telephone Exchange Service to
any of its end users, it shall ensure that its Eg-l -1 records for such end users
are unlocked in accordance with NENA standards.
2.4
ln the event Onvoy uses an Agent to input its end user's E9-1-1 data to the ALI Database
through the appropriate Frontier electronic interface, Onvoy shall provide a Letter of
Authorization, in a form acceptable to Frontier, identifying and authorizing its Agent.
3. 9-l -l /Eg-l.l lnterconnection
3.1
Onvoy may, in accordance with Applicable Law, interconnect to the Frontier 9-1-1/Eg-1-1
Tandem Office(s)/Selective Router(s) or Frontier interface point(s). Frontier shall
designate interface point(s), e.9,, digitalcross connect systems (DCS), where Onvoy may
interconnect with Frontier for the transmission and routing of 9-1-1/E9-1-1 Calls to all
subtending PSAPs that serve the areas in which Onvoy provides Telephone Exchange
Services.
3.2 ln order to interconnect with Frontier for the transmission and routing of 9-1-1/E9-1-1
Calls, Onvoy shall:
3.2.1 interconnect with each Frontier 9-1-11F,9-1-l Tandem office/selective Router
or Frontier interface point that serves the exchange areas in which Onvoy is
authorized to and will provide Telephone Exchange Service;
3.2.2 provide a minimum of two (2) one-way outgoing g-1-1/Eg-1-1 trunks over
diversely routed facilities that are dedicated for originating g-1-1/Eg-i-1 Calls
from the Onvoy switch to each designated Frontier 9-1-1/Eg-1-1 Tandem
Office/Selective Router or Frontier interface point, using S57 signaling where
available, as necessary;
3.2.3 Intentionally Left Blank];
3.2.4 provide sufficient trunks and facilities to route 9-1-1/89-1-1 calls from onvoy to
the designated Frontier 9-1-1/E9-1-1 Tandem Office(s/Selective Router(s) or
Frontier interface point(s). onvoy is responsible for requesting that trunks and
facilities be routed diversely for g-1-1/E9-1-1 interconnection;
3.2.5 determine the proper quantity of trunks and facilities from its switch(es) to the
Frontier 9-1 -1 /E9-1 -1 Tandem Office(s/selective Router(s) or Frontier
interface point(s);
3,2.6 engineer its 9-1-1/E9-1-1 trunks and facilities to attain a minimum P.01 grade
of service as measured using the "busy day/busy hou/' criteria or at such other
minimum grade of service as required by Applicable Law or the Controlling
9-1-1 Authority;
3.2.7 monitor its 9-1 -1lE9-1 -1 trunks and facilities for the purpose of determining
originating network traffic volumes. lf the Onvoy traffic study indicates that
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 125

additional trunks and/or facilities are needed to meet the current level of
9-1-1/E9-1-1 Call volumes, Onvoy shall order or otherwise provide adequate
additional trunks and/or facilities;
3.2.8 promptly test all 9-1-11F,9-1-l trunks and facilities between the Onvoy network
and the Frontier 9-1-11F.9-1-l Tandem Office(s)/Selective Router(s) or Frontier
interface point(s) to assure proper functioning of 9-1-1/89-1-1 arrangements.
Onvoy shall not transmit or route live 9-1-1/E9-1-1 Calls untilsuccessfultesting
is completed; and
3.2.9 isolate, coordinate and restore all9-1-1/E9-1-1 network maintenance problems
from its switch(es) to the Frontier 9-1-1/89-1-1 Tandem Office(s)/Selective
Route(s) or Frontier interface points. Onvoy shall advise Frontier of the circuit
identification when notifying Frontier of a failure or outage.
4.
9-1-l/Eg-l-l General
4.1
Frontier and Onvoy shall work cooperatively to arrange meetings with the Controlling
9-1-1 Authorities to answer any technical questions the PSAPs, or county or municipal
coordinators may have regarding the initial 9-1 -1 lÊ9-1 -1 arrangements
4.2
Onvoy shall compensate Frontier for provision of 9-1-1/89-1-1 Services pursuant to the
Pricing Attachment of this Agreement.
4.3
Onvoy and Frontier shall comply with all Applicable Law (including 9-1-1 taxes and
surcharges as defined by Applícable Law) pertaining to 9-1-1/E9-1-1 arrangements.
4.4
Onvoy shall collect and remit, as required, any 9-1-1/E9-1-1 applicable surcharges from
its end users in accordance with Applicable Law.
5.
Good Faith Performance
lf and, to the extent that, Frontier, prior to the Effective Date, has not provided in the State of
Nebraska a Service offered under this Attachment, Frontier reserves the right to negotiate in good
faith with Onvoy reasonable terms and conditions (including, without limitation, rates and
implementation timeframes) for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such terms and
conditions (including, without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either Party may
utilize the Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx '128

PRICING ATTACHMENT
1. General
1.1
As used in this Attachment, the term "Charges" means the rates, fees, charges and
prices for a Service.
1.2 Except as stated in Section 2 or Section 3 of this Attachment, Charges for Services shall
be as stated in this Section 1.
1.3
The Charges for a Service shall be the Charges for the Service stated in the Providing
Party's applicable Tariff.
1,4
ln the absence of Charges for a Service established pursuant to Section 1.3 of this
Attachment, the Charges shall be as stated in Appendix A of this Pricing Attachment. For
rate elements provided in Appendix A of this Pricing Attachment that do not include a
Charge, either marked as "TBD" or othen¡rise, Frontier is developing such Charges and
has not finished developing such Charges as of the Effective Date of this Agreement
("Effective Date"). When Frontier finishes developing such a Charge, Frontier shall notify
Onvoy in writing of such Charge in accordance with, and subject to, the notices
provisions of this Agreement and thereafter shall bill Onvoy, and Onvoy shall pay to
Frontier, for Services provided under this Agreement on the Effective Date and thereafter
in accordance with such Charge. Any notice provided by Frontier to Onvoy pursuant to
this Section 1.4 shall be deemed to be a part of Appendix A of this Pricing Attachment
immediately after Frontier sends such notice to Onvoy and thereafter.
1,5
The Charges stated in Appendix A of this Pricing Attachment shall be automatically
superseded by any applicable Tariff Charges. The Charges stated in Appendix A of this
Pricing Attachment also shall be automatically superseded by any new Gharge(s) when
such new Charge(s) are required by any order of the Commission or the FCC, approved
by the Commission or the FCC, or otherwise allowed to go into effect by the Commission
or the FCC (including, but not limited to, in a Tariff that has been filed with the
Commission or the FCC), provided such new Charge(s) are not subject to a stay issued
by any court of competent jurisdiction.
1.6
ln the absence of Charges for a Service established pursuant to Sections 1.3 through 1.5
of this Attachment, if Charges for a Service are otherwise expressly provided for in this
Agreement, such Charges shall apply.
1.7
ln the absence of Charges for a Service established pursuant to Sections 1.3 through 1.6
of this Attachment, the Charges for the Service shall be the Providing Party's FCC or
Commission approved Charges.
1,8
ln the absence of Charges for a Service established pursuant to Sections 1.3 through 1.7
of this Attachment, the Charges for the Service shall be mutually agreed to by the Parties
in writing.
2. Frontier Telecommunications Services Provided to Onvoy for Resale Pursuant to the
Resale Attachment
2.1
Frontier Telecommunications Services for which Frontier is Required to Provide a
Wholesale Discount Pursuant to Section 251(c)(a) of the Act.
2.1,1
The Charges for a Frontier Telecommunications Service purchased by Onvoy
for resale for which Frontior is required to provide a wholesale discount
pursuant to Section 251(c)(4) of the Act shall be the Retail Price for such
Service set forth in Frontier's applicable Tariffs (or, if there is no Tariff Retail
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 127

Price for such Service, Frontier's Retail Price for the Service that is generally
offered to Frontier's Customers), less, to the extent required by Applicable
Law: (a) the applicable wholesale discount stated in Frontier's Tariffs for
Frontier Telecommunications Services purchased for resale pursuant to
Section 251(cXa) of the Act; or (b) in the absence of an applicable Frontier
Tariff wholesale discount for Frontier Telecommunications Services purchased
for resale pursuant to Section 251(c)(a) of the Act, the applicable wholesale
discount stated in Appendix A for Frontier Telecommunications Services
purchased for resale pursuant to Section 251(c)( ) of the Act.
2.1.2 The Charges for a Frontier Telecommunications Service Customer Specific
Arrangement ("CSA') purchased by Onvoy for resale pursuant to Section 3.3
of the Resale Attachment for which Frontier is required to provide a wholesale
discount pursuant to Section 251(cXa) of the Act shall be the Retail Price for
the CSA, less, to the extent required by Applicable Law: (a)the applicable
wholesale discount stated in Frontier's Tariffs for Frontier Telecommunications
Services purchased for resale pursuant to Section 251(cXa) of the Act; or (b)
in the absence of an applicable Frontier Tariff wholesale discount for Frontier
Telecommunications Services purchased for resale pursuant to Section
251(c)(a) of the Act, the applicable discount stated in Appendix A for Frontier
Telecommunications Services purchased for resale pursuant to Section
251(c)(a) of the Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with, and to
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, Frontier may establish a wholesale
discount for a CSA that differs from the wholesale discount that is generally
applicable to Telecommunications Services provided to Onvoy for resale
pursuant to Section 251(cXa) of the Act.
2.1.3 Notwithstanding Sections 2.1 and2.2 of lhis Attachment, in accordance with,
and to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, Frontier may at any time
establísh a wholesale discount for a Telecommunications Service (including,
but not limited to, a CSA) that differs from the wholesale discount that is
generally applicable to Telecommunications Services provided to Onvoy for
resale pursuant to Section 251(c)(a) of the Act.
2.1.4 The wholesale discount stated in Appendix A shall be automatically superseded
by any new wholesale discount when such new wholesale discount is required
by any order of the Commission or the FCC, approved by the Commission or
the FCG, or otherwise allowed to go into effect by the Commission or the FCC,
provided such new wholesale discount is not subject to a stay issued by any
court of competent jurisdiction.
2.1.5 The wholesale discount provided for in Sections 2.1.1 through 2.1.3 of this
Attachment shall not be applied to:
2.1.5.1 Short term promotions as defined in 47 CFR $ 51 .613;
2.1.5.2 Except as otherwise provided by Applicable Law, Exchange Access
services;
2.1.5.3 Subscriber Line Charges, Federal Line Cost Charges, end user
common line Charges, taxes, and government Charges and
assessment (including, but not limited to, 9-1-1 Charges and Dual
Party Relay Service Charges).
2.1.5.4 Any other service or Charge that the Commission, the FGC, or other
governmental entity of appropriate jurisdiction determines is not
subject to a wholesale discount under Section 251(cX4) of the Act.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 128

2.2
Frontier Telecommunications Services for which Frontier is Not Required to Provide a
Wholesale Discount Pursuant to Section 251(c)(a) of the Act.
2.2.1
The Charges for a Frontier Telecommunications Service for which Frontier is
not required to provide a wholesale discount pursuant to Section 251(c)(a) of
the Act shall be the Charges stated in Frontier's Tariffs for such Frontier
Telecommunications Service (or, if there are no Frontier Tariff Charges for
such Service, Frontier's Charges for the Service that are generally offered by
Frontier).
2.2.2
The Charges for a Frontier Telecommunications Service customer specific
contract service arrangement ('CSA') purchased by Onvoy pursuant to
Section 3,3 of the Resale Attachment for which Frontier is not required to
provide a wholesale discount pursuant to Section 251(c)( ) of the Act shall be
the Charges provided for in the CSA and any other Charges that Frontier could
bill the person to whom the CSA was originally provided (including, but not
limited to, applicable Frontier Tariff Charges).
2.3
Other Charges.
2.3.1
Onvoy shall pay, or collect and remit to Frontier, without discount, all
Subscriber Line Charges, Federal Line Cost Charges, and end user common
line Charges, associated with Frontier Telecommunications Services provided
by Frontier to Onvoy.
3. Onvoy Prices
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Charges that Onvoy bills Frontier for
Onvoy's Services shall not exceed the Charges for Frontier's comparable Services, except to the
extent that Onvoy's cost to provide such Onvoy's Services to Frontier exceeds the Charges for
Frontier's comparable Services and Onvoy has demonstrated such cost to Frontier, or, at
Frontier's request, to the Commission or the FCC.
4. [This Section Intentionally Left Blank]
5. Regulatory Review of Prices
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Party reserves its respective rights
to institute an appropriate proceeding with the FCC, the Commission or other governmental body
of appropriate jurisdiction: (a) with regard to the Charges for its Services (including, but not limited
to, a proceeding to change the Charges for its services, whether provided for in any of its Tariffs,
in Appendix A, or otherwise); and (b) with regard to the Charges of the other Party (including, but
not limited to, a proceeding to obtain a reduction in such Charges and a refund of any amounts
paid in excess of any Charges that are reduced).
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 129

APPENDIX ATO THE PRICING ATTACHMENT
(NEBRASKA)
vl.1
1.
ReciprocalCompensation
1.1 Reciprocal Compensation and Local Traffic will be terminated by the Parties on a Bill and
Keep basis.
MOU
1.2 Transit Service-per $ 0.0061854/mou where applicable
1.3 Onvoy will provide accurate Calling Party Number ("CPN") and/or Automatic Number
ldentification ("ANl") on at least ninety-five percent (957o) of all traffic delivered to the POl.
Where CPN and/or ANI is not provided, Onvoy agrees to pay the applicable intrastate
terminating access charges for such traffic.
2.
Resale
A.
NonrecurringGharges
A nonrecurring charge will apply when converting a Frontier account to an Onvoy account or
when changing an End User from one carrier to another.
Basic Residential Line Service and Basic Business Line Service and Public Access Line
Service that is subject to resale will be discounted at 12% from the published rates in the
state local tariff for the rate center where service is being requested.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 130

3.
Unbundled Local Loop Rates
Monthlv
NonrecurrlnE
2-Wlre Analog Loop $ 23.06
$
4-Wire Analog Loop 45.12
$
Service Order 32.01
Central Office Cross-Connects
2-Wire Jumper $ 13.20
4-Wire Jumper $ 26.40
Cross-Connects Outside the Central Offíce
2-Wire Jumper $ 13.20
4-Wire Jumper $ 26.40
TravelCharge $ 52.00
Customer Loop lnformation - Per loop $ 10.00
Pre-Qualification Charge (per loop) $ 27.18
Order Change Charge "See Supplemental PON Charges
Due Date Charge **See Supplemental PON Charges
Expedited Orders ***See Miscellaneous Charges
Network modification requests such as, but not limited to, conditioning (Cable Loading or
Unloading, Load Coil Rearrangement and Bridged Tap Removal) and Placement of Repeaters
will be priced on an individual case basis.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 131

4. Collocation
4.1 Caged and Cageless Monthlv Nonrecurrino
1.
Processing Fee $ 2,440.00
2.
Floor Space Charge
Cageless, per 1 standard bay (10 sq ft max) $ 109.00
Cageless, per 1 cabinetized bay (18 sq ft max) $ 178.00
Cageless, per additional sq ft $ 8.58
All other applications, per sq ft $ 8.58
3.
Cross Connect per
DSO $ 1,25 $ 413.57
DS1 $ 3.90 $ 352.85
DS3 $ 48.00 $ 1,249.98
4.
AC Power, per 20 Amps
I
This does not include any DC power 274.49 $ 1,475.00
or backup power.
5. $
DC Power, per 40 Amps, 2 feeds 487.49 $ 3,527.04
6.
Engineering Fee
Charge per order, per Central Office
Charge for work performed by Onvoy
associated with design and development of
collocation. Total charge is reduced by the
up-front fee. $ 6,240.00
7.
Cable Pull Charge
$
Charge per Central Office, per cable terminated 904.80
8.
Office Arrangement
Caged - Caging costs per order, per Central Office $ 4,608,61
*
Cageless per each standard bay $ 1,520,00
Cageless - per each standard bay with relay rack $ 5,320.00
Cageless - per each cabinetized bay $ 1,520,00
L $
Maintenance, per relay rack 44.00
10. Building Modification Charge
Charge per Central Office, per order tcB
'11. Training (Virtual) Time and Expense
Onvoy Comprehêns¡ve ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 't32

5.
Labor Rates
Basic Time Overtime Premium Time
Charges for Additional Labor per
Engineering, 1st hour $ 85.00 $ 127.50 $ 170.00
Charges for Additional Labor per
Security Escort, 1st hour $ 85.00 $ 127.50 $ 170.00
Charges for Additional Labor per
Technician, 1st hour $ 85.00 $ 127.50 $ 170.00
Charges for Additional Testing per
Technician, 1st hour $ 85.00 $ 127.50 $ 170.00
Charges for Standby per
Technician, 1st hour $ 85.00 $ 127.50 $ 170.00
Charges for Programming per
Programmer, 1st hour $ ss.oo $ 127,50 $ 170.00
Basic Time - Monday through Friday, 8:00 am to 5:00 pm
Overtime - Monday through Friday, Before 8:00 am and after 5:00 pm
Premium Time - Saturday(s), Sunday(s) and Holiday(s)
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 133

6.
Supplemental PON Gharges
A supplement is any new iteration of a local service request.
Supplement # I
Gancel - lndicates that the pending order is to be canceled in its entirety
Charge - $14.38
Supplement # 2
New desired due date - lndicates that the pending order requires only a change of
desired due date.
Supplement # 3
Other - Any other change to the request.
Supplement #2 &3 Charges:
Order Type Residence Business Residence Business Residence Business
Resale Resale Portino Portino ULL/UNE ULL/UNE
Charge Per $11.01 $17.83 $11.01 $17.83 $ 8.86 $14.34
Number
*Expeditei Charge will be applied ($35.20 per telephone number) for any Portings stopped on
the DD & subsequently reappointed with a new Due Date.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 134

7 OTHER MISCELLENEOUS CHARGES
f
7.1 Exoedite Charoe - Applies on any work requested before the next available due date or
before the standard interval for that service.
ïhe expedite charge is applied for each telephone number being expedited
NONRECURRING
Residence $ 35.20
Business $ 35.20
Additional Labor Charges also apply if the work is done after hours or on the weekend.
7.2 Preferential/Vanitv Numbers
NONRECURRING
Residence $ 42.33
Business $ 84.45
7.3 Concurrence Charge
Onvoy is responsible to create subscription versions in the NPAC prior to the 18-hour
window. ln the event that Onvoy does not create the subscription version(s) wíthin the
prescribed time frame, Onvoy is responsible to notify Frontier during regular business hours
of the need to concur. Failure to do so may result in a delayed porting. A concurrence charge
is applied for each telephone number needing concurrence.
NONRECURRING
Residence $ 11.01
Business $ 17.83
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 135

EXHIB|T A TO SECTTON 3.1 (F|BER MEET ARRANGEMENT) OF THE INTERCONNECTION
ATTACHMENT
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS
for
ONVOY, LLG
and
CITIZENS TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY OF NEBRASKA
F|BER MEET ARRANGEMENT NO. IXXI
The following technical specifications and requirements will apply to Onvoy, LLC and Citizens
Telecommunications Company of Nebraska Fiber Meet Arrangement [NUMBER] ("FM No. t)ü1"):
1.
FM No. [XX] will provide interconnection facilities for the exchange of applicable traffic (as set
forth in the Amendment) between Frontier's [NAME OF TANDEM/END OFFICE] and Onvoy's
INAME OF TANDEM/END OFFICEI in the State of Nebraska. A diagram of FM No, [XX]is
included as Exhibit A-1.
2. Fiber Meet Points ("FMPs").
2.1 FM No. [XX] will be configured as shown on Exhibit A-1. FM No. [XX] will have two
FMPs. Neither FMP is more than three (3) miles from the nearest Frontier Tandem or
End Office.
2.2 Frontier will provision a Fiber Network lnterface Device ('FNID') at [POLE XX, STREET
I
YY, TOWN ZZ, STATEI and terminate I strands of íts fiber optic cable in the FNID
The FNID provisioned by Frontier will be a IMANUFACTURER, MODEL]. Frontier will
bear the cost of installing and maintaining its FNID. The fiber patch panel within
Frontier's FNID will serve as FMP No. 1. Frontier will provide a fiber stub at the fiber
t
patch panel in Frontier's FNID for Onvoy to connect I strands of its fiber cable
t I connectors. Frontier's FNID will be locked, but Frontier and Onvoy will have 24
hour access to their respective side of the fiber patch panel located in Frontier's FNID.
2.3 Onvoy will provision a FNID at [POLE XX, STREET YY, TOWN ZZ, STATE]and
terminate f I strands of its fiber optic cable in the FNID. The FNID provisioned by
Onvoy will be a IMANUFACTURER, MODEL]. Onvoy will bear the cost of installing and
maintaining its FNID. The fiber patch panel within Onvoy's FNID will serve as FMP No.
2. Onvoy will provide a fiber stub at the fiber patch panel in Onvoy's FNID for Frontier to
t
connect I strands of its fiber cable. Onvoy's FNID will be locked, but Onvoy and
Frontier will have 24hour access to their respective side of the fiber patch panel located
in Onvoy's FNID.
3.
Transmission Characteristics.
3.1
FM.No. [XX]will be built [as a ring configuration].
Onvoy Comprehensivê ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 136

3.2 The transmission interface for FM No. [XX] will be [Synchronous Optical Network
('soNET")1.
3.3 Terminatíng equipment shall comply with [SONET transmission requirements as
specified in Telcordia Technologies document GR-253 CORE (Tables 4-3 through 4-11)1.
3.4 ïhe optical transmitters and receivers shall provide adequate power for the end-to-end
length of the fiber cable to be traversed.
3.5
The optical transmission rate will be [Unidirectional] OC-[)ü].
3.6
The path switch protection shall be set as [Non-Revertive].
3.7
Frontier and Onvoy shall provide [Primary Reference Source traceable timing]
4.
Add Drop Multiolexer.
4.1
Frontier will, at its own cost, obtain and install (at its own premise) its own Add Drop
Multiplexer. Frontier will use a [MANUFACTURER, MODEL] Add Drop Multiplexer with
firmware release of [X.X] at the network level. Before making any upgrade or change to
the firmware of its Add Drop Multiplexer, Frontier must provide Onvoy with fourteen (14)
days advance written notice that describes the upgrade or change to its firmware and
states the date on which such firmware will be activated in Frontier's Add Drop
Multiplexer.
4.2 Onvoy will, at its own cost, obtain and install (at its own premise) its own Add Drop
Multiplexer. Onvoy will use a [MANUFACTURER, MODEL]Add Drop Multiplexer with
firmware release of [X.Xl at the network level. Before making any upgrade or change to
the firmware of its Add Drop Multiplexer, Onvoy must provide Frontier with fourteen (14)
days advance written notice that describes the upgrade or change to its firmware and
states the date on which such firmware or software will be activated in Onvoy's Add Drop
Multiplexer.
4.3 Onvoy and Frontier will monitor all firmware upgrades and changes to observe for any
failures or anomalies adversely affecting service or administration. lf any upgrade or
change to firmware adversely affects service or administration of FM No. [XX], the
firmware will be removed from the Add Drop Multiplexer and will revert to the previous
version of firmware.
4.4 The Data Communication Channel shall be disabled between the Frontier and Onvoy
Add Drop Multiplexers of FM No. [XX].
5. Testing.
5.1 Prior to turn-up of FM No. [XX], Frontier and Onvoy will mutually develop and implement
testing procedures for FM No. [XX]
6.
Connectinq Facilitv Assiqnment ("CFA") and Slot Assiqnment Allocation ("SAA").
6.1
For one-way and two-way trunk arrangements, the SAA information will be turned over to
Onvoy as a final step of turn up of the FM No. Dü1.
6.2 For one-way trunk arrangements, Frontier will control the CFA for the subtending facilities
and trunks connected to Frontier's slots and Onvoy will control the CFA for the
subtending facilities and trunks connected to Onvoy's slots. Onvoy will place facility
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 137

orders against the first half of the fully configured slots (for example, slots 1-6 of a fully
configured OC12) and Frontier will place orders against the second half of the slots (for
example, slots 7-12). lf either Party needs the other Party's additional slot capacity to
place orders, this will be negotiated and assigned on a case-by-case basis. For SAA,
Frontier and Onvoy shalljointly designate the slot assignments for Frontier's Add Drop
Multiplexers and Onvoy's Add Drop Multiplexer in FM No. [XX].
6.3 For two-way trunk arrangements, Onvoy shall control the CFA for the subtending facilities
and trunks connected to FM No. [XX], Onvoy shall place facility and trunk orders against
the total available SAA capacity of FM No. [XX].
7.
lnventorv, Provisioninq and Maintenance. Surveillance. and Restoration.
7.1
Frontier and Onvoy will inventory FM No. [XX] in their operational support systems before
the order flow begins.
7.2 Frontier and Onvoy will notify each other's respective Maintenance Control Office of all
troubleshooting and scheduled maintenance activity to be performed on FM No. [XX]
facilities prior to undertaking such work, and will advise each other of the trouble
reporting and maintenance control point contact numbers and the days and hours of
operation. Each Party shall provide a timely response to the other Party's action
requests or status inquiries.
7.3 Frontier will be responsible for the provisioning and maintenance of the FM No. [XX]
transport facilities on Frontier's side of the FMPs, as well as delivering its applicable
traffic to the FMPs. Onvoy will be responsible for the provisioning and maintenance of the
FM No. [XX] transport facilities on the Onvoy's side of the FMPs, as well as delivering its
applicable traffic to the FMPs. As such, other than payment of any applicable intercarrier
compensation charges pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, neither Party shall have
any obligation to pay the other Party any charges in connection with FM No. [XX].
7.4 Frontier and Onvoy will provide alarm surveillance for their respective FM No. [XX]
transport facilities. Frontier and Onvoy will notify each other's respective maintenance
control office of all troubleshooting and scheduled maintenance activity to be performed
on the facility prior to undertaking such work, and will advise each other of the trouble
reporting and maintenance control point contact numbers and the days and hours of
operation.
8.
Cancellation or Modification of FM No. [XXl.
8.1
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8, all expenses and costs associated with
the construction, operation, use and maintenance of FM No. Þü] on each Party's
respective side of the FMPs will be borne by such Party.
8.2 lf either Party terminates the construction of the FM No. [XX] before it is used to
exchange traffic, the Party terminating the construction of FM No. Dül will compensate
the other Party for that Party's reasonable actual incurred construction and/or
implementation expenses.
8.3 lf either Party proposes to move or change FM No. [XX] as set forth in this document, at
any time before or after it is used to exchange traffic, the Party requesting the move or
change will compensate the other Party for that Party's reasonable actual incurred
construction and/or implementation expenses. Augments, moves and changes to FM
No. [XXl as set forth in this document must be mutually agreed upon by the Parties in
writing.
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 138

ONVOY, LLC CITIZENS TELECOMM UNICATIONS COMPANY
OF NËBRASKA
By:
TO BE EXECUTED AT A LATER DATE
Date:
061218.docx
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 139

Exhibit A-i
ONVOY, LLC
and
CITIZENS TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY OF NEBRASKA
Fiber Meet Arrangement No. [XXl
City, State
Onvoy Comprehensive ICA NE CTC 061218.docx 140

INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTERCONNECTION,
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS, ANCILLARY SERVICES,
AND RESALE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
BETWEEN
Qwest Corporation
and
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
For the State of Nebraska
April 13, 2010
Agreement Number
CDS-100402-0002

TABLE OF CONTENTS
SECTION 1.0 - GENERAL TERMS..................................................................................1
SECTION 2.0 - INTERPRETATION AND CONSTRUCTION...........................................2
SECTION 3.0 - CLEC INFORMATION.............................................................................4
SECTION 4.0 - DEFINITIONS..........................................................................................6
SECTION 5.0 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS..................................................................28
5.1 GENERAL PROVISIONS.......................................................................................28
5.2 TERM OF AGREEMENT........................................................................................29
5.3 PROOF OF AUTHORIZATION................................................................................29
5.4 PAYMENT...........................................................................................................30
5.5 TAXES...............................................................................................................32
5.6 INSURANCE........................................................................................................33
5.7 FORCE MAJEURE...............................................................................................33
5.8 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.....................................................................................34
5.9 INDEMNITY.........................................................................................................34
5.10 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY..................................................................................36
5.11 WARRANTIES.....................................................................................................38
5.12 ASSIGNMENT......................................................................................................38
5.13 DEFAULT............................................................................................................39
5.14 DISCLAIMER OF AGENCY....................................................................................39
5.15 SEVERABILITY....................................................................................................39
5.16 NONDISCLOSURE...............................................................................................40
5.17 SURVIVAL..........................................................................................................42
5.18 DISPUTE RESOLUTION........................................................................................42
5.19 CONTROLLING LAW............................................................................................43
5.20 RESPONSIBILITY FOR ENVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION.....................................43
5.21 NOTICES............................................................................................................44
5.22 RESPONSIBILITY OF EACH PARTY.......................................................................44
5.23 NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES........................................................................45
5.24 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK...............................................................................45
5.25 PUBLICITY..........................................................................................................45
5.26 EXECUTED IN COUNTERPARTS............................................................................45
5.27 COMPLIANCE .....................................................................................................45
5.28 COMPLIANCE WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS ASSISTANCE LAW
ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 1994.............................................................................45
5.29 COOPERATION...................................................................................................45
5.30 AMENDMENTS....................................................................................................46
5.31 ENTIRE AGREEMENT..........................................................................................46
SECTION 6.0 – RESALE................................................................................................47
6.1 DESCRIPTION.....................................................................................................47
6.2 TERMS AND CONDITIONS....................................................................................47
6.3 RATES AND CHARGES........................................................................................52
6.4 ORDERING PROCESS.........................................................................................53
6.5 BILLING..............................................................................................................54
6.6 MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR................................................................................55
6.7 COMMINGLING OF RESOLD SERVICES WITH UNBUNDLED NETWORK
ELEMENTS AND COMBINATIONS OF UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS................55
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
i

TABLE OF CONTENTS
SECTION 7.0 – INTERCONNECTION:..........................................................................56
7.1 INTERCONNECTION FACILITY OPTIONS................................................................56
7.2 EXCHANGE OF TRAFFIC......................................................................................58
7.3 INTERCARRIER COMPENSATION..........................................................................67
7.4 ORDERING.........................................................................................................73
7.5 JOINTLY PROVIDED SWITCHED ACCESS SERVICES..............................................74
7.6 TRANSIT RECORDS............................................................................................75
7.7 LOCAL INTERCONNECTION DATA EXCHANGE FOR BILLING...................................75
SECTION 8.0 - COLLOCATION.....................................................................................77
8.1 DESCRIPTION.....................................................................................................77
8.2 TERMS AND CONDITIONS....................................................................................79
8.3 RATE ELEMENTS..............................................................................................112
8.4 ORDERING.......................................................................................................122
8.5 BILLING............................................................................................................136
8.6 MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR..............................................................................137
SECTION 9.0 - UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS...............................................139
9.1 GENERAL TERMS.............................................................................................139
9.2 UNBUNDLED LOOPS.........................................................................................152
9.3 SUBLOOP UNBUNDLING....................................................................................171
9.4 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................181
9.5 NETWORK INTERFACE DEVICE (NID).................................................................181
9.6 UNBUNDLED DEDICATED INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT (UDIT)...............................185
9.7 UNBUNDLED DARK FIBER.................................................................................190
9.8 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.9 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.10 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.11 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.12 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.13 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.14 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.15 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.16 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.17 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................199
9.18 ADDITIONAL UNBUNDLED ELEMENTS.................................................................199
9.19 CONSTRUCTION CHARGES...............................................................................199
9.20 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................201
9.21 LINE SPLITTING................................................................................................201
9.22 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................205
9.23 UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENT COMBINATIONS.............................................205
9.24 LOOP SPLITTING..............................................................................................213
9.25 LOOP-MUX COMBINATION (LMC)......................................................................217
SECTION 10.0 – ANCILLARY SERVICES...................................................................221
10.1 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.............................................................................221
10.2 LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY...........................................................................221
10.3 911/E911 SERVICE..........................................................................................228
10.4 WHITE PAGES DIRECTORY LISTINGS SERVICE...................................................232
10.5 DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE SERVICE....................................................................237
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
ii

TABLE OF CONTENTS
10.6 DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE LIST..........................................................................241
10.7 TOLL AND ASSISTANCE OPERATOR SERVICES...................................................245
10.8 ACCESS TO POLES, DUCTS, CONDUITS, AND RIGHTS OF WAY...........................250
SECTION 11.0 - NETWORK SECURITY.....................................................................266
SECTION 12.0 - ACCESS TO OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS)............272
12.1 DESCRIPTION...................................................................................................272
12.2 OSS SUPPORT FOR PRE-ORDERING, ORDERING AND PROVISIONING.................272
12.3 MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR..............................................................................284
SECTION 13.0 - ACCESS TO TELEPHONE NUMBERS............................................295
SECTION 14.0 - LOCAL DIALING PARITY..................................................................296
SECTION 15.0 - QWEST'S OFFICIAL DIRECTORY PUBLISHER..............................297
SECTION 16.0 - REFERRAL ANNOUNCEMENT........................................................298
SECTION 17.0 - BONA FIDE REQUEST PROCESS...................................................299
SECTION 18.0 - AUDIT PROCESS..............................................................................302
SECTION 19.0 - CONSTRUCTION CHARGES...........................................................305
SECTION 20.0 - SERVICE PERFORMANCE..............................................................306
SECTION 21.0 - NETWORK STANDARDS.................................................................307
SECTION 22.0 - SIGNATURE PAGE...........................................................................310
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
iii

TABLE OF CONTENTS FOR EXHIBITS
EXHIBIT A Rates
EXHIBIT B Service Performance Indicators
EXHIBIT C Service Interval Tables
EXHIBIT D Qwest Right of Way, Pole Attachment and/or Innerduct Occupancy General
Information Document
EXHIBIT E Intentionally Left Blank
EXHIBIT F Special Request Process
EXHIBIT G Intentionally Left Blank
EXHIBIT H Calculation of the Relative Use Factor (RUF)
EXHIBIT I Individual Case Basis (ICB)
EXHIBIT J Election of Reciprocal Compensation Option
EXHIBIT K Performance Assurance Plan
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
iv

Section 1
General Terms
Section 1.0 - GENERAL TERMS
1.1 This Agreement for Interconnection, Unbundled Network Elements, ancillary
services, and resale of Telecommunications Services is between Neutral Tandem, Inc. (CLEC),
a Delaware corporation with offices at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois 60606
and Qwest Corporation (Qwest), a Colorado corporation with offices at 1801 California Street,
Denver, Colorado 80202, pursuant to Section 252(f) of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, for
purposes of fulfilling Qwest's obligations under Sections 222, 251(a), (b), and (c), 252, and other
relevant provisions of the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated there under.
1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.3 This Agreement sets forth the terms, conditions and pricing under which Qwest
will provide to CLEC network Interconnection, access to Unbundled Network Elements, ancillary
services, and Telecommunications Services available for resale within the geographical areas in
which Qwest is providing local Exchange Service at that time, and for which Qwest is the
incumbent Local Exchange Carrier within the state of Nebraska, for purposes of providing local
Telecommunications Services.
1.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.7 Intentionally Left Blank
1.8 With respect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, Qwest has
negotiated the Agreement in its entirety, and the inclusion of any particular provision, or rate,
term and condition, is not evidence of the reasonableness thereof when considered apart from
all other provisions of the Agreement.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
1

Section 2
Interpretation and Construction
Section 2.0 - INTERPRETATION AND CONSTRUCTION
2.1 This Agreement includes this Agreement and all Exhibits appended hereto, each
of which is hereby incorporated by reference in this Agreement and made a part hereof. All
references to Sections and Exhibits shall be deemed to be references to Sections of, and
Exhibits to, this Agreement unless the context shall otherwise require. The headings and
numbering of Sections and Exhibits used in this Agreement are for convenience only and will
not be construed to define or limit any of the terms in this Agreement or affect the meaning and
interpretation of this Agreement. Unless the context shall otherwise require, any reference to
any statute, regulation, rule, Tariff, technical reference, technical publication, or any publication
of Telecommunications industry administrative or technical standards, shall be deemed to be a
reference to the most recent version or edition (including any amendments, supplements,
addenda, or successor) of that statute, regulation, rule, Tariff, technical reference, technical
publication, or any publication of Telecommunications industry administrative or technical
standards that is in effect. Provided however, that nothing in this Section 2.1 shall be deemed
or considered to limit or amend the provisions of Section 2.2. In the event a change in a law,
rule, regulation or interpretation thereof would materially change this Agreement, the terms of
Section 2.2 shall prevail over the terms of this Section 2.1. In the case of any material change,
any reference in this Agreement to such law, rule, regulation or interpretation thereof will be to
such law, rule, regulation or interpretation thereof in effect immediately prior to such change
until the processes set forth in Section 2.2 are implemented. The existing configuration of either
Party's network may not be in compliance with the latest release of technical references,
technical publications, or publications of Telecommunications industry administrative or
technical standards.
2.2 The provisions in this Agreement are intended to be in compliance with and
based on the existing state of the law, rules, regulations and interpretations thereof, including
but not limited to state and federal rules, regulations, and laws as of September 16, 2005 (the
Existing Rules). Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed an admission by Qwest or CLEC
concerning the interpretation or effect of the Existing Rules or an admission by Qwest or CLEC
that the Existing Rules should not be changed, vacated, dismissed, stayed or modified. Nothing
in this Agreement shall preclude or estop Qwest or CLEC from taking any position in any forum
concerning the proper interpretation or effect of the Existing Rules or concerning whether the
Existing Rules should be changed, vacated, dismissed, stayed or modified. To the extent that
the Existing Rules are vacated, dismissed, stayed or materially changed or modified, then this
Agreement shall be amended to reflect such legally binding modification or change of the
Existing Rules. Where the Parties fail to agree upon such an amendment within sixty (60) Days
after notification from a Party seeking amendment due to a modification or change of the
Existing Rules or if any time during such sixty (60) Day period the Parties shall have ceased to
negotiate such new terms for a continuous period of fifteen (15) Days, it shall be resolved in
accordance with the Dispute Resolution provision of this Agreement. It is expressly understood
that this Agreement will be corrected, or if requested by CLEC, amended as set forth in this
Section 2.2, to reflect the outcome of generic proceedings by the Commission for pricing,
service standards, or other matters covered by this Agreement. Rates in Exhibit A will reflect
legally binding decisions of the Commission and shall be applied on a prospective basis from
the effective date of the legally binding Commission decision, unless otherwise ordered by the
Commission. Where a Party provides notice to the other Party within thirty (30) Days of the
effective date of an order issuing a legally binding change, any resulting amendment shall be
deemed effective on the effective date of the legally binding change or modification of the
Existing Rules for rates, and to the extent practicable for other terms and conditions, unless
otherwise ordered. In the event neither Party provides notice within thirty (30) Days, the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
2

Section 2
Interpretation and Construction
effective date of the legally binding change shall be the Effective Date of the amendment unless
the Parties agree to a different date. During the pendency of any negotiation for an amendment
pursuant to this Section 2.2 the Parties shall continue to perform their obligations in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for up to sixty (60) Days. For purposes of this
section, "legally binding" means that the legal ruling has not been stayed, no request for a stay
is pending, and any deadline for requesting a stay designated by statute or regulation, has
passed.
2.2.1 In addition to, but not in limitation of, Section 2.2 above, nothing in this
Agreement shall be deemed an admission by Qwest or CLEC concerning the
interpretation or effect of any rule, regulation, statute, or interpretations thereof, including
but not limited to the FCC's Triennial Review Order and/or its Triennial Review Remand
Order, and the Omaha Forbearance Order, and state rules, regulations and laws as they
may be issued or promulgated. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude or estop Qwest
or CLEC from taking any position in any forum concerning the proper interpretation or
effect of any rule, regulation, or statute, or concerning whether the foregoing should be
changed, vacated, dismissed, stayed or modified.
2.3 Unless otherwise specifically determined by the Commission, in cases of conflict
between this Agreement and Qwest's Tariffs, PCAT, methods and procedures, technical
publications, policies, product notifications or other Qwest documentation relating to Qwest's or
CLEC's rights or obligations under this Agreement, then the rates, terms, and conditions of this
Agreement shall prevail. To the extent another document abridges or expands the rights or
obligations of either Party under this Agreement, the rates, terms and conditions of this
Agreement shall prevail.
2.3.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
3

Section 3
CLEC Information
Section 3.0 - CLEC INFORMATION
3.1 Except as otherwise required by law, Qwest will not provide or establish
Interconnection, Unbundled Network Elements, ancillary services and/or resale of
Telecommunications Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement
prior to CLEC's execution of this Agreement. The Parties shall complete Qwest's "New
Customer Questionnaire," as it applies to CLEC's obtaining of Interconnection, Unbundled
Network Elements, ancillary services, and/or resale of Telecommunications Services hereunder.
3.2 Prior to placing any orders for services under this Agreement, the Parties will
jointly complete the following sections of Qwest's "New Customer Questionnaire:"
General Information
Billing and Collection (Section 1)
Credit Information
Billing Information
Summary Billing
OSS and Network Outage Notification Contact Information
System Administration Contact Information
Ordering Information for LIS Trunks, Collocation, and Associated Products (if CLEC
plans to order these services)
Design Layout Request – LIS Trunking and Unbundled Loop (if CLEC plans to order
these services)
3.2.1 The remainder of this questionnaire must be completed within two (2)
weeks of completing the initial portion of the questionnaire. This questionnaire will be
used to:
Determine geographical requirements;
Identify CLEC identification codes;
Determine Qwest system requirements to support CLEC's specific activity;
Collect credit information;
Obtain Billing information;
Create summary bills;
Establish input and output requirements;
Create and distribute Qwest and CLEC contact lists; and
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
4

Section 3
CLEC Information
Identify CLEC hours and holidays.
3.2.2 CLECs that have previously completed a Questionnaire need not fill out a
New Customer Questionnaire; however, CLEC will update its New Customer
Questionnaire with any changes in the required information that have occurred and
communicate those changes to Qwest. Before placing an order for a new product,
CLEC will need to complete the relevant New Product Questionnaire and amend this
Agreement.
3.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
3.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
5

Section 4
Definitions
Section 4.0 - DEFINITIONS
"Access Service Request" or "ASR" means the industry guideline forms and supporting
documentation used for ordering Access Services. The ASR will be used to order trunking and
facilities between CLEC and Qwest for Local Interconnection Service.
"Access Services" refers to the interstate and intrastate switched access and private line
transport services offered for the origination and/or termination of interexchange traffic.
"Access Tandem Switch" is a Switch used to connect End Office Switches to interexchange
Carrier Switches. Qwest's Access Tandem Switches are also used to connect and switch traffic
between and among Central Office Switches within the same LATA and may be used for the
exchange of local traffic.
"Act" means the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. § 151 et. seq.), as amended and as
from time to time interpreted in the duly authorized rules and regulations of the FCC or the
Commission.
"Advanced Services" refers to high speed, switched, broadband, wireline Telecommunications
capability that enables users to originate and receive high-quality, voice, data, graphics or video
Telecommunications using any technology.
"Affiliate" means a Person that (directly or indirectly) owns or controls, is owned or controlled by,
or is under common ownership or control with, another person. For purposes of this paragraph,
the term 'own' means to own an equity interest (or the equivalent thereof) of more than 10
percent.
"AMI T1" is a transmission system sometimes used on loops to transmit DS1 signals (1.544
Mbps) using Alternate Mark Inversion (AMI) line code.
"Applicable Law" means all laws, statutes, common law, ordinances, codes, rules, guidelines,
orders, permits and approval of any governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, the
Act, the regulations, rules, and final orders of the FCC and the Commission, and any final
orders and decisions of a court of competent jurisdiction reviewing the regulations, rules, or
orders of the FCC or the Commission.
"Application Date" or "APP" means the date CLEC provides Qwest an application for service
containing required information as set forth in this Agreement.
"ATIS" or "Alliance for Telecommunications Industry Solutions" is a North American
telecommunication industry standards forum which, through its committees and working groups,
creates, and publishes standards and guidelines designed to enable interoperability and
Interconnection for Telecommunications products and services. ATIS Standards and
Guidelines, as well as the standards of other industry fora, are referenced herein.
"Automated Message Accounting" or "AMA" is the structure inherent in Switch technology that
initially records telecommunication message information. AMA format is contained in the AMA
document, published by Telcordia Technologies, or its successors, as GR-1100-CORE which
defines the industry standard for message recording.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
6

Section 4
Definitions
"Automatic Location Identification" or "ALI" is the automatic display at the Public Safety
Answering Point (PSAP) of the caller's telephone number, the address/location of the telephone
and supplementary emergency services information for Enhanced 911 (E911).
"Automatic Location Identification/Database Management System" or "ALI/DBMS" is an
Enhanced 911/ (E911) database containing End User Customer location information (including
name, service address, telephone number, and sometimes special information from the local
service provider) used to determine to which Public Safety Answering Point (PSAP) to route the
call and used by the PSAP for emergency call handling (i.e., dispatch of emergency aid).
"Automatic Location Identification Gateway" or "ALI Gateway" is a computer facility into which
CLEC delivers Automatic Location Identification (ALI) data for CLEC Customers. Access to the
ALI Gateway will be via a dial-up modem using a common protocol.
"Automatic Number Identification" or "ANI" is the Billing telephone number associated with the
access line from which a call originates. ANI and Calling Party Number (CPN) usually are the
same number.
"Automatic Route Selection" or "ARS" is a service feature that provides for automatic selection
of the least expensive or most appropriate transmission facility for each call based on criteria
programmed into a circuit Switch routing table or system.
"Basic Exchange Telecommunications Service" means, unless otherwise defined in
Commission rules and then it shall have the meaning set forth therein, a service offered to End
User Customers which provides the End User Customer with a telephonic connection to, and a
unique local telephone number address on, the public switched telecommunications network,
and which enables such End User Customer to generally place calls to, or receive calls from,
other stations on the public switched telecommunications network. Basic residence and
business line services are Basic Exchange Telecommunications Services. As used solely in the
context of this Agreement and unless otherwise agreed, Basic Exchange Telecommunications
Service includes access to ancillary services such as 911, directory assistance and operator
services.
"Bill Date" means the date on which a Billing period ends, as identified on the bill.
"Billing" involves the provision of appropriate usage data by one Telecommunications Carrier to
another to facilitate Customer Billing with attendant acknowledgments and status reports. It
also involves the exchange of information between Telecommunications Carriers to process
claims and adjustments.
"Binder Groups" mean the sub-units of a cable, usually in groups of 25, 50 or 100 color-coded
twisted pairs wrapped in colored tape within a cable.
"Bona Fide Request" or "BFR" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17.
"Bridged Tap" means the unused sections of a twisted pair subtending the Loop between the
End User Customer and the Serving Wire Center or extending beyond the End User Customer's
location.
"Business Line" means a Qwest-owned switched access line used to serve a business
customer, whether by Qwest itself or by CLEC that leases the line from Qwest. The number of
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
7

Section 4
Definitions
Business Lines in a Wire Center shall equal the sum of all Qwest business switched access
lines, plus the sum of all UNE loops connected to that Wire Center, including UNE loops
provisioned in combination with other unbundled elements. Among these requirements,
Business Line tallies (1) shall include only those access lines connecting End User Customers
with Qwest end-offices for switched services; (2) shall not include non-switched special access
lines; and (3) shall account for ISDN and other digital access lines by counting each 64 kbps-
equivalent as one line. For example, a DS1 line corresponds to twenty-four (24) 64 kbps-
equivalents, and therefore to twenty-four (24) Business Lines.
"Busy Line Verify/Busy Line Interrupt" or "BLV/BLI Traffic" means a call to an operator service in
which the caller inquires as to the busy status of or requests an interruption of a call on another
End User Customer's Basic Exchange Telecommunications Service line.
"Calling Party Number" or "CPN" is a Common Channel Signaling (CCS) parameter which
refers to the ten digit number transmitted through a network identifying the calling party.
Reference Qwest Technical Publication 77342.
"Carrier" or "Common Carrier" See Telecommunications Carrier.
"Carrier Liaison Committee" or "CLC" is under the auspices of ATIS and is the executive
oversight committee that provides direction as well as an appeals process to its subtending fora,
the Network Interconnection Interoperability Forum (NIIF), the Ordering and Billing Forum
(OBF), the Industry Numbering Committee (INC), and the Toll Fraud Prevention Committee
(TFPC). On occasion, the CLC commissions ad hoc committees when issues do not have a
logical home in one of the subtending forums. OBF and Network Installation and Maintenance
Committee (NIMC) publish business process rules for their respective areas of concern.
"Central Office" means a building or a space within a building where transmission facilities or
circuits are connected or switched.
"Central Office Switch" means a Switch used to provide Telecommunications Services,
including, but not limited to:
"End Office Switches" which are used to terminate End User Customer station Loops, or
equivalent, for the purpose of interconnecting to each other and to trunks; and
"Tandem Office Switches" (or "Tandem Switches") which are used to connect and switch
trunk circuits between and among other End Office Switches. CLEC Switch (es) shall be
considered Tandem Office Switch (es) to the extent such Switch (es) serve(s) a
comparable geographic area as Qwest's Tandem Office Switch. A fact-based
consideration by the Commission of geography should be used to classify any Switch on
a prospective basis.
"Centralized Automatic Message Accounting" or "CAMA" trunks are trunks using MF signaling
protocol used to record Billing data.
"Centralized Message Distribution System" or "CMDS" means the operation system that Local
Exchange Carriers use to exchange outcollect and IABS access messages among each other
and other parties connected to CMDS.
"Centrex" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.2.9.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
8

Section 4
Definitions
"Charge Number" is a Common Channel Signaling parameter, which refers to the number,
transmitted through the network identifying the Billing number of the calling party. Charge
Number frequently is not the Calling Party Number (CPN).
"Collocation" is an arrangement where Qwest provides space in Qwest Premises for the
placement of CLEC's equipment to be used for the purpose of Interconnection or access to
Qwest Unbundled Network Elements.
"Collocation – Point of Interconnection" or "C-POI" is the point outside Qwest's Wire Center
where CLEC's fiber facility meets Qwest's Fiber Entrance Facility, except where CLEC uses an
Express Fiber Entrance Facility. In either case, Qwest will extend or run the Fiber Entrance
Facility to CLEC's Collocation Space.
"Commercial Mobile Radio Service" or "CMRS" is defined in 47 U.S.C. § 332 and FCC rules
and orders interpreting that statute.
"Commingling" means the connecting, attaching, or otherwise linking of an Unbundled Network
Element, or a Combination of Unbundled Network Elements, to one or more facilities or services
that a requesting Telecommunications Carrier has obtained at wholesale from Qwest, or the
combination of an Unbundled Network Element, or a Combination of Unbundled Network
Elements, with one or more such facilities or services.
"Commingle" means the act of Commingling.
"Commission" means the Nebraska Public Service Commission.
"Common Channel Signaling" or "CCS" means a method of exchanging call set up and network
control data over a digital signaling network fully separate from the Public Switched Network
that carries the actual call. Signaling System 7 ("SS7") is currently the preferred CCS method.
"Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act" or "CALEA" refers to the duties and
obligations of Carriers to assist law enforcement agencies by intercepting communications and
records, and installing pen registers and trap and trace devices.
"Competitive Local Exchange Carrier" or "CLEC" refers to a Party that has submitted a request,
pursuant to this Agreement, to obtain Interconnection, access to Unbundled Network Elements,
ancillary services, or resale of Telecommunications Services. CLEC is an entity authorized to
provide local Exchange Service that does not otherwise qualify as an Incumbent Local
Exchange Carrier (ILEC).
"Confidential Information" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.16.
"Cross Connection" is a cabling scheme between cabling runs, subsystems, and equipment
using patch cords or jumper wires that attach to connection hardware on each end.
"Current Service Provider" means the Party from which an End User Customer is planning to
switch its local Exchange Service or the Party from which an End User Customer is planning to
port its telephone number(s).
"Custom Calling Features" comprise a group of features provided via a Central Office Switch
without the need for special Customer Premises Equipment. Features include, but are not
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
9

Section 4
Definitions
limited to, call waiting, 3-way calling, abbreviated dialing (speed calling), call forwarding, and
series completing (busy or no answer).
"Custom Local Area Signaling Service" or "CLASS" is a set of call-management service features
consisting of number translation services, such as call forwarding and caller identification,
available within a Local Access and Transport Area ("LATA"). Features include, but are not
limited to, automatic callback, automatic recall, calling number delivery, Customer originated
trace, distinctive ringing/call waiting, selective call forwarding and selective call rejection.
"Customer" is a Person to whom a Party provides or has agreed to provide a specific service or
set of services, whether directly or indirectly. Customer includes Telecommunication Carriers.
See also, End User Customer.
"Customer Premises Equipment" or "CPE" means equipment employed on the premises of a
Person other than a Carrier to originate, route or terminate Telecommunications (e.g., a
telephone, PBX, modem pool, etc.).
"Customer Usage Data" means the Telecommunications Service usage data of CLEC’s
Customer, measured in minutes, sub-minute increments, message units or otherwise, that is
recorded by Qwest AMA equipment and forwarded to CLEC.
"Dark Fiber" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.7.1.
"Data Local Exchange Carrier" or "DLEC" is a CLEC interconnecting primarily for purposes of
transporting data.
"Day" means calendar days unless otherwise specified.
"Dedicated Transport" means Qwest transmission facilities between Wire Centers or switches
owned by Qwest, or between Wire Centers or switches owned by Qwest and switches owned
by CLEC, including, but not limited to, DS1, DS3, and OCn-capacity level services, as well as
Dark Fiber, dedicated to a particular End User Customer or carrier.
"Demarcation Point" means the point where Qwest owned or controlled facilities cease, and
CLEC, End User Customer, premises owner or landlord ownership or control of facilities begin.
"Designed, Verified and Assigned Date" or "DVA" means the date on which implementation
groups are to report that all documents and materials have been received and are complete.
"Desired Due Date" means the desired service activation date as requested by CLEC on a
service order.
"Dialing Parity" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.1.
"Digital Cross Connect System" or "DCS" is a function which provides automated Cross
Connection of Digital Signal Level 0 (DS0) or higher transmission bit rate digital channels within
physical interface facilities. Types of DCS include but are not limited to DCS 1/0s, DCS 3/1s,
and DCS 3/3s, where the nomenclature 1/0 denotes interfaces typically at the DS1 rate or
greater with Cross Connection typically at the DS0 rate. This same nomenclature, at the
appropriate rate substitution, extends to the other types of DCS specifically cited as 3/1 and 3/3.
Types of DCS that cross connect Synchronous Transport Signal level 1 (STS-1 s) or other
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
10

Section 4
Definitions
Synchronous Optical Network (SONET) signals (e.g., STS-3) are also DCS, although not
denoted by this same type of nomenclature. DCS may provide the functionality of more than
one of the aforementioned DCS types (e.g., DCS 3/3/1 which combines functionality of DCS 3/3
and DCS 3/1). For such DCS, the requirements will be, at least, the aggregation of
requirements on the "component" DCS. In locations where automated Cross Connection
capability does not exist, DCS will be defined as the combination of the functionality provided by
a Digital Signal Cross Connect (DSX) or Light Guide Cross Connect (LGX) patch panels and D4
channel banks or other DS0 and above multiplexing equipment used to provide the function of a
manual Cross Connection. Interconnection is between a DSX or LGX to a Switch, another
Cross Connection, or other service platform device.
"Digital Signal Level" means one of several transmission rates in the time-division multiplex
hierarchy.
"Digital Signal Level 0" or "DS0" is the 64 Kbps standard speed for digitizing one voice
conversation using pulse code modulation. There are twenty-four (24) DS0 channels in a DS1.
"Digital Signal Level 1" or "DS1" means the 1.544 Mbps first-level signal in the time-division
multiplex hierarchy. In the time-division multiplexing hierarchy of the telephone network, DS1 is
the initial level of multiplexing. There are twenty-eight (28) DS1s in a DS3.
"Digital Signal Level 3" or "DS3" means the 44.736 Mbps third-level signal in the time-division
multiplex hierarchy. In the time-division multiplexing hierarchy of the telephone network, DS3 is
defined as the third level of multiplexing.
"Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexer" or "DSLAM" is a network device that: (i) aggregates
lower bit rate DSL signals to higher bit-rate or bandwidth signals (multiplexing) and (ii)
disaggregates higher bit-rate or bandwidth signals to lower bit-rate DSL signals (de-
multiplexing). DSLAMs can connect DSL Loops with some combination of CLEC ATM, Frame
Relay, or IP networks. The DSLAM must be located at the end of a copper Loop nearest the
Serving Wire Center (e.g., in a Remote Terminal, Central Office, or an End User Customer's
premises).
"Digital Subscriber Loop" or "DSL" refers to a set of service-enhancing copper technologies that
are designed to provide digital communications services over copper Loops either in addition to
or instead of normal analog voice service, sometimes referred to herein as xDSL, including, but
not limited to, the following:
"ADSL" or "Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line" is a Passband digital loop transmission
technology that typically permits the transmission of up to 8 Mbps downstream (from the
Central Office to the End User Customer) and up to 1 Mbps digital signal upstream (from
the End User Customer to the Central Office) over one (1) copper pair.
"HDSL" or "High-Data Rate Digital Subscriber Line" is a synchronous baseband DSL
technology operating over one or more copper pairs. HDSL can offer 784 Kbps circuits
over a single copper pair, T1 service over two (2) copper pairs, or future E1 service over
three (3) copper pairs.
"HDSL2" or "High-Data Rate Digital Subscriber Line 2" is a synchronous baseband DSL
technology operating over a single pair capable of transporting a bit rate of 1.544 Mbps.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
11

Section 4
Definitions
"IDSL" or "ISDN Digital Subscriber Line" or "Integrated Services Digital Network Digital
Subscriber Line" is a symmetrical, baseband DSL technology that permits the bi-
directional transmission of up to 128 Kbps using ISDN CPE but not circuit switching.
"SDSL" or "Symmetric Digital Subscriber Line" is a baseband DSL transmission
technology that permits the bi-directional transmission from up to 160 kbps to 2.048
Mbps on a single pair.
"VDSL" or "Very High Speed Digital Subscriber Line" is a baseband DSL transmission
technology that permits the transmission of up to 52 Mbps downstream (from the Central
Office to the End User Customer) and up to 2.3 Mbps digital signal upstream (from the
End User Customer to the Central Office). VDSL can also be 26 Mbps symmetrical, or
other combination.
"Directory Assistance Database" shall have the meaning set forth in Sections 10.5.2.2, 10.5.2.8,
and 10.5.2.9.
"Directory Assistance Lists" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.6.1.1.
"Directory Assistance Service" includes, but is not limited to, making available to callers, upon
request, information contained in the Directory Assistance Database. Directory Assistance
Service includes, where available, the option to complete the call at the caller's direction.
"Directory Listings" or "Listings" are any information identifying the listed names of subscribers
of a Telecommunications Carrier and such subscribers' telephone numbers, addresses, or
primary advertising classifications (as such classifications are assigned at the time of the
establishment of such service), or any combination of such listed names, numbers, addresses
or classifications: (1) that the Telecommunications Carrier provides or uses for the purpose of
publishing the Listings in any directory format; or (2) that the Telecommunications Carrier
provides or uses in Directory Assistance Service, Directory Assistance List Service, or for other
lawful purposes.
"Disturber" is defined as a technology recognized by industry standards bodies that significantly
degrades service using another technology (such as how AMI T1x affects DSL).
"DSX Panel" means a cross connect bay or panel used for the termination of equipment and
facilities operating at digital rates.
"Due Date" means the specific date on which the requested service is to be available to CLEC
or to CLEC's End User Customer, as applicable.
"Effective Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.1.
"Electronic Bonding" is a real-time and secure electronic exchange of data between information
systems in separate companies. Electronic Bonding allows electronic access to services which
have traditionally been handled through manual means. The heart of Electronic Bonding is
strict adherence to both International and National standards. These standards define the
communication and data protocols allowing all organizations in the world to exchange
information.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
12

Section 4
Definitions
"Electronic File Transfer" means any system or process that utilizes an electronic format and
protocol to send or receive data files.
"Emergency Service Number" or "ESN" is a three to five digit number representing a unique
combination of Emergency Response Agencies (law enforcement, fire and emergency medical
service) designed to serve a specific range of addresses within a particular geographical area.
The ESN facilitates Selective Routing and transfer, if required, to the appropriate PSAP and the
dispatch of proper Emergency Response Agency(ies).
"End User Customer" means a third party retail Customer that subscribes to a
Telecommunications Service provided by either of the Parties or by another Carrier or by two (2)
or more Carriers.
"Enhanced Services" means any service offered over Common Carrier transmission facilities
that employ computer processing applications that act on the format, content, code, protocol or
similar aspects of a subscriber's transmitted information; that provide the subscriber with
additional, different or restructured information; or involve End User Customer interaction with
stored information.
"Enhanced 911" or "E911" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.1.
"Environmental Hazard" means any substance the presence, use, transport, abandonment or
disposal of which (i) requires investigation, remediation, compensation, fine or penalty under
any Applicable Law (including, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response
Compensation and Liability Act, Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act, Resource
Conservation Recovery Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act and provisions with similar
purposes in applicable foreign, state and local jurisdictions) or (ii) poses risks to human health,
safety or the environment (including, without limitation, indoor, outdoor or orbital space
environments) and is regulated under any Applicable Law.
"Exchange Access" shall have the same meaning as in the Act.
"Exchange Message Interface" or "EMI" means the format used for exchange of
Telecommunications message information among Telecommunications Carriers. It is
referenced in the Alliance for Telecommunications Industry Solutions (ATIS) document that
defines industry guidelines for the exchange of message records.
"Exchange Message Record" or "EMR" is the standard used for exchange of
telecommunications message information between telecommunications providers for billable,
non-billable, sample, settlement and study data. EMR format is contained in BR-010-200-010
CRIS Exchange Message Record, a Telcordia document that defines industry standards for
exchange message records.
"Exchange Service" or "Extended Area Service (EAS)/Local Traffic" means traffic that is
originated and terminated within the Local Calling Area as determined by the Commission.
"FCC" means the Federal Communications Commission.
"Fiber-based Collocator" means any carrier, unaffiliated with Qwest, that maintains a Collocation
arrangement in a Qwest Wire Center, with active electrical power supply, and operates a fiber-
optic cable or comparable transmission facility that (1) terminates at a Collocation arrangement
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
13

Section 4
Definitions
within the Wire Center; (2) leaves the Qwest Wire Center premises; and (3) is owned by a party
other than Qwest or any affiliate of Qwest, except as set forth in this paragraph. Dark fiber
obtained from Qwest on an indefeasible right of use basis shall be treated as non-Qwest fiber-
optic cable. Two (2) or more affiliated Fiber-based Collocators in a single Wire Center shall
collectively be counted as a single Fiber-based Collocator. For purposes of this definition, the
term "affiliate" is defined by 47 U.S.C. § 153(1).
"Fiber Meet" means an Interconnection architecture method whereby the Parties physically
interconnect their networks via an optical fiber interface (as opposed to an electrical interface) at
a mutually-agreed-upon location.
"Finished Services" means complete end-to-end services offered by Qwest to wholesale
customers or retail End User Customers. Finished Services do not include Unbundled Network
Elements or combinations of Unbundled Network Elements. Finished Services include Access
Services, private lines, retail services, and resold services.
"Firm Order Confirmation" or "FOC" means the notice Qwest provides to CLEC to confirm that
CLEC's Local Service Order (LSR) has been received and has been successfully processed.
The FOC confirms the schedule of dates committed to by Qwest for the Provisioning of the
service requested.
"Forbearance Wire Center(s)" means any one or more of nine (9) Qwest Wire Centers where
Qwest was granted forbearance from Section 251(c)(3) loop, Subloop, NID, dark fiber, and
transport unbundling obligations as a result of the Omaha Forbearance Order. The nine (9)
Wire Centers are: 1) Omaha Douglas; 2) Omaha Izard Street; 3) Omaha 90th Street; 4) Omaha
Fort Street; 5) Omaha Fowler Street; 6) Omaha O Street; 7) Omaha 78th Street; 8) Omaha
135th Street; and 9) Omaha 156th Street Wire Center.
"Hub Provider" means an entity that (i) provides Common Channel Signaling (SS7) connectivity
between the networks of service providers that are not directly connected to each other; or (ii)
provides third party database services such as LIDB. The SS7 messages received by Hub
Providers are accepted or rejected by the Hub Provider depending on whether a contractual
arrangement exists between the Hub Provider and the message originator (sender) and whether
the message originator has contracted for the type of SS7 messages being submitted for
transmission to the Hub Provider.
"Individual Case Basis" or "ICB" shall have the meaning set forth in Exhibit I.
"Information Service" is the offering of a capability for generating, acquiring, storing,
transforming, processing, retrieving, utilizing, or making available information via
Telecommunications, and includes electronic publishing, but does not include any use of any
such capability for the management, control, or operation of a Telecommunications system or
the management of a Telecommunications Service.
"Integrated Digital Loop Carrier" means a subscriber loop carrier system, which integrates
multiple voice channels within the Switch on a DS1 level signal.
"Integrated Services Digital Network" or "ISDN" refers to a digital circuit switched network
service. Basic Rate ISDN (BRI) provides for channelized (two (2) bearer and one (1) data) end-
to-end digital connectivity for the transmission of voice or data on either or both bearer channels
and packet data on the data channel. Primary Rate ISDN (PRI) provides for twenty-three (23)
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
14

Section 4
Definitions
bearer channels and one (1) data channel. For BRI, the bearer channels operate at 64 Kbps
and the data channel at 16 Kbps. For PRI, all twenty-four (24) channels operate at 64 Kbps or
1.5 Mbps.
"Interconnection" is as described in the Act and refers to the connection between networks for
the purpose of transmission and routing of telephone Exchange Service traffic, Exchange
Access, VoIP traffic and Jointly Provided Switched Access traffic.
"Interconnection Agreement" or "Agreement" is an agreement entered into between Qwest and
CLEC for Interconnection, Unbundled Network Elements or other services as a result of
negotiations, adoption and/or arbitration or a combination thereof pursuant to Section 252 of the
Act. When CLEC signs and delivers a copy of this Agreement to Qwest pursuant to the notice
provision of the Agreement, it becomes the Interconnection Agreement between the Parties
pursuant to Section 252(e) of the Act.
"Interexchange Carrier" or "IXC" means a Carrier that provides InterLATA or IntraLATA Toll
services.
"Interexchange Service" means telecommunications service between stations in different
exchange areas. Modification of Final Judgment, § IV(K), reprinted in United States v. Am. Tel.
& Tel. Co., 552 F. Supp. 131, 229 (D.D.C. 1982) (defining "interexchange telecommunications"
as "telecommunications between a point or points located in one exchange telecommunications
area and a point or points located in one or more other exchange areas or a point outside an
exchange area").
"InterLATA Traffic" describes Telecommunications between a point located in a Local Access
and Transport Area ("LATA") and a point located outside such area.
“Internet Service Provider-Bound” or “ISP-Bound” refers only to the traffic delivered to an
Internet Service provider for which the FCC prescribed intercarrier compensation in the
Intercarrier Compensation for ISP-Bound Traffic, CC Docket No. 99-68, Order on Remand and
Report and Order, 16 FCC Rcd 9151 (2001)(the “ISP Remand Order”). Such traffic does not
include traffic delivered to an Internet Service provider located in a different local calling area
than the calling party.
"Interoperability" means the ability of a Qwest OSS Function to process seamlessly (i.e., without
any manual intervention) business transactions with CLEC's OSS application, and vice versa,
by means of secure exchange of transaction data models that use data fields and usage rules
that can be received and processed by the other Party to achieve the intended OSS Function
and related response. (See also Electronic Bonding.)
“IntraLATA LEC Toll” means IntraLATA Toll traffic carried solely by a Local Exchange Carrier
and not by an IXC.
"IntraLATA Toll Traffic" describes IntraLATA Traffic outside the Local Calling Area.
"LERG Reassignment" or "NXX Reassignment" means the reassignment of an entire NXX code
shown in the LERG from one Carrier to another Carrier.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
15

Section 4
Definitions
"Line Side" refers to End Office Switch connections that have been programmed to treat the
circuit as a local line connected to a terminating station (e.g., an End User Customer's
telephone station set, a PBX, answering machine, facsimile machine or computer).
"Local Access Transport Area" or "LATA" is as defined in the Act.
"Local Calling Area" is a geographically defined area as established by the effective tariffs of
Qwest as approved by the Commission.
"Local Exchange Carrier" or "LEC" means any Carrier that is engaged in the provision of
telephone Exchange Service or Exchange Access. Such term does not include a Carrier insofar
as such Carrier is engaged in the provision of a commercial mobile service under Section 332(c)
of the Act, except to the extent that the FCC finds that such service should be included in the
definition of such term.
"Local Exchange Routing Guide" or "LERG" means a Telcordia Technologies Reference
Document used by LECs and IXCs to identify NPA-NXX routing and homing information as well
as Network Element and equipment designations.
"Local Interconnection Service (LIS) Entrance Facility" is a DS1 or DS3 facility that extends from
CLEC's Switch location or Point of Interconnection (POI) to the Qwest Serving Wire Center. An
Entrance Facility may not extend beyond the area served by the Qwest Serving Wire Center.
"Local Interconnection Service (LIS)" is the Qwest product name for its provision of
Interconnection as described in Section 7 of this Agreement.
"Local Number Portability" or "LNP" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.1.1.
"Local Service Ordering Guide" or "LSOG" is a document developed by the OBF to establish
industry-wide ordering and Billing processes for ordering local services.
"Local Service Request" or "LSR" means the industry standard forms and supporting
documentation used for ordering local services.
“Local Tandem Switch” is a Qwest switch used to connect and switch trunk circuits between
End Office Switches for traffic within an EAS/Local calling area.
"Location Routing Number" or "LRN" means a unique ten- (10)-digit number assigned to a
Central Office Switch in a defined geographic area for call routing purposes. This ten- (10)-digit
number serves as a network address and the routing information is stored in a database.
Switches routing calls to subscribers whose telephone numbers are in portable NXXs perform a
database query to obtain the Location Routing Number that corresponds with the Switch serving
the dialed telephone number. Based on the Location Routing Number, the querying Carrier
then routes the call to the Switch serving the ported number. The term "LRN" may also be used
to refer to a method of LNP.
"Long Distance Service" (see "Interexchange Service").
"Loop" or "Unbundled Loop" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.1.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
16

Section 4
Definitions
"Loop Concentrator/Multiplexer" or "LCM" is the Network Element that does one or more of the
following:
aggregates lower bit rate or bandwidth signals to higher bit rate or bandwidth signals
(multiplexing);
disaggregates higher bit rate or bandwidth signals to lower bit rate or bandwidth signals
(demultiplexing);
aggregates a specified number of signals or channels to fewer channels (concentrating);
performs signal conversion, including encoding of signals (e.g., analog to digital and
digital to analog signal conversion); or
in some instances performs electrical to optical (E/O) conversion.
LCM includes DLC, and D4 channel banks and may be located in Remote Terminals or
Central Offices.
"Main Distribution Frame" or "MDF" means a Qwest distribution frame (e.g., COSMIC™ frame)
used to connect Qwest cable pairs and line and trunk equipment terminals on a Qwest switching
system.
"Maintenance and Repair" involves the exchange of information between Carriers where one
initiates a request for maintenance or repair of existing products and services or Unbundled
Network Elements or combinations thereof from the other with attendant acknowledgments and
status reports in order to ensure proper operation and functionality of facilities.
"Maintenance of Service charge" is a Miscellaneous Charge that relates to trouble isolation work
performed by Qwest. Basic Maintenance of Service charges apply when the Qwest technician
performs work during standard business hours. Overtime Maintenance of Service charges
apply when the Qwest technician performs work on a business day, but outside standard
business hours, or on a Saturday. Premium Maintenance of Service charges apply when the
Qwest technician performs work on either a Sunday or Qwest recognized holiday.
"Master Street Address Guide" or "MSAG" is a database of street names and house number
ranges within their associated communities defining particular geographic areas and their
associated ESNs to enable proper routing of 911 calls.
"Meet Point" is a point of Interconnection between two (2) networks, designated by two (2)
Telecommunications Carriers, at which one Carrier's responsibility for service begins and the
other Carrier's responsibility ends.
"Meet-Point Billing" or "MPB" or "Jointly Provided Switched Access" or "JPSA" refers to an
arrangement whereby two (2) or more Telecommunications Carriers including an ILEC, CLEC
or CMRS carrier receive traffic in the same LATA that the call is to be terminated in or originated
from, and jointly provide Switched Access Service to an Interexchange Carrier, with each ILEC,
CLEC or CMRS carrier receiving an appropriate share of the revenues from the IXC as defined
by their effective Switched Access Tariffs or, if applicable, CMRS contract.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
17

Section 4
Definitions
"Mid-Span Meet" means an Interconnection between two (2) networks, designated by two (2)
Telecommunications Carriers, whereby each provides its own cable and equipment up to the
Meet Point of the cable facilities.
“Mid-Span Meet POI” A Mid-Span Meet POI is a negotiated Point of Interface, limited to the
Interconnection of facilities between the Qwest Serving Wire Center location and the location of
the CLEC switch or other equipment located within the area served by the Qwest Serving Wire
Center.
"Miscellaneous Charges" mean charges that apply for miscellaneous services provided at
CLEC's request or based on CLEC's actions that result in miscellaneous services being
provided by Qwest, as described in this Agreement.
"Mobile Wireless Service" means all mobile wireless telecommunications services, including
commercial mobile radio service (CMRS). CMRS includes paging, air-ground radio, telephone
service and offshore radiotelephone services, as well as mobile telephony services, such as the
service offerings of carriers using cellular radiotelephone, broadband PCS and SMR licenses.
"Multiple Exchange Carrier Access Billing" or "MECAB" refers to the document prepared by the
Billing Committee of the Ordering and Billing Forum (OBF), which functions under the auspices
of the Carrier Liaison Committee (CLC) of the Alliance for Telecommunications Industry
Solutions (ATIS). The MECAB document, published by ATIS (0401004-0009), contains the
recommended guidelines for the Billing of an access service provided by two (2) or more LECs
(including a LEC and a CLEC), or by one (1) LEC in two (2) or more states within a single LATA.
"Multiple Exchange Carrier Ordering and Design" or "MECOD" Guidelines for Access Services -
Industry Support Interface, refers to the document developed by the Ordering/Provisioning
Committee under the auspices of the Ordering and Billing Forum (OBF), which functions under
the auspices of the Carrier Liaison Committee (CLC) of the Alliance for Telecommunications
Industry Solutions (ATIS). The MECOD document, published by ATIS (0404120-0006),
contains recommended guidelines for processing orders for access service which is to be
provided by two (2) or more LECs (including a LEC and a CLEC).
"N-1 Carrier" means the Carrier in the call routing process immediately preceding the
terminating Carrier. The N-1 Carrier is responsible for performing the database queries (under
the FCC's rules) to determine the LRN value for correctly routing a call to a ported number.
"National Emergency Number Association" or "NENA" is an association which fosters the
technological advancement, availability and implementation of 911 Service nationwide through
research, planning, training, certification, technical assistance and legislative representation.
"Near Real Time" means that Qwest's OSS electronically receives a transaction from CLEC,
automatically processes that transaction, returns the response to that transaction to CLEC in an
automatic event driven manner (without manual intervention) via the interface for the OSS
function in question. Except for the time it takes to send and receive the transaction between
Qwest's and CLEC's OSS application, the processing time for Qwest's representatives should
be the same as the processing time for CLEC's representatives. Current benchmarks using
TCIF 98-006 averages between two (2) and four (4) seconds for the connection and an average
transaction transmittal. The specific agreed metrics for Near Real Time transaction processing
will be contained in the Performance Indicator Definitions (PIDs), where applicable.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
18

Section 4
Definitions
"Network Element" is a facility or equipment used in the provision of Telecommunications
Service. It also includes features, functions, and capabilities that are provided by means of
such facility or equipment, including subscriber numbers, databases, signaling systems, and
information sufficient for Billing and collection or used in the transmission, routing, or other
provision of a Telecommunications Service.
"Network Installation and Maintenance Committee" or "NIMC" is the ATIS/CLC sub-committee
responsible for developing business process rules for Maintenance and Repair or trouble
administration.
"Network Interface Device" or "NID" is a Network Element (including all of its features, functions
and capabilities) that includes any means of Interconnection of End User Customer premises
wiring to Qwest's distribution plant, such as a cross connect device used for that purpose.
"New Service Provider" means the Party to which an End User Customer switches its local
Exchange Service or the Party to which an End User Customer is porting its telephone
number(s).
"911 Service" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.1.
"911/E911 Interconnection Trunk Groups" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.7.
“Non-Impaired Facilities” are those network elements identified in an applicable FCC order as
no longer available as unbundled network elements (“UNEs”) under 47 U.S.C. § 251(c)(3) as
reflected in this Agreement based on non-impairment or tier designations.
"Non-impaired Wire Center" means a Wire Center that meets the loop thresholds identified in 47
C.F.R. § 51.319(a)(4)(i) for DS1 Loops and 47 C.F.R. § 51.319(a)(5)(i) for DS3 Loops. Non-
impaired Wire Centers also include Tier 1 and Tier 2 Wire Centers as defined in 47 C.F.R. §
51.319(e)(3) and subject to the limitations of 47 C.F.R. § 51.319(e)(2)(ii)(A) for DS1 Dedicated
Transport and 47 C.F.R. § 51.319(e)(2)(iii)(A) for DS3 Dedicated Transport.
"North American Numbering Council" or "NANC" means the federal advisory committee
chartered by the FCC to analyze, advise, and make recommendations on numbering issues.
"North American Numbering Plan" or "NANP" means the basic numbering plan for the
Telecommunications networks located in the United States as well as Canada, Bermuda, Puerto
Rico, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Marianna Islands and certain Caribbean Islands. The
NANP format is a 10-digit number that consists of a 3-digit NPA code (commonly referred to as
the area code) followed by a 3-digit NXX code and 4-digit line number.
"Number Portability Administration Center" or "NPAC" means one (1) of the seven (7) regional
number portability centers involved in the dissemination of data associated with ported
numbers. The NPACs were established for each of the seven (7) original Bell Operating
Company regions so as to cover the fifty (50) states, the District of Columbia and the U.S.
territories in the North American Numbering Plan area.
"Numbering Plan Area" or "NPA" is also sometimes referred to as an area code. It is a unique
three-digit indicator that is defined by the "A," "B" and "C" digits of each 10-digit telephone
number within the NANP. Each NPA contains 800 possible NXX Codes. There are two (2)
general categories of NPA. "Geographic NPA" is associated with a defined geographic area
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
19

Section 4
Definitions
and all telephone numbers bearing such NPA are associated with services provided within that
geographic area. A "Non-Geographic NPA," also known as a "Service Access Code" (SAC
Code), is typically associated with a specialized Telecommunications Service which may be
provided across multiple geographic NPA areas; 500, Toll Free Service NPAs, 700, and 900 are
examples of Non-Geographic NPAs.
"NXX," "NXX Code," "Central Office Code," or "CO Code" is the three- (3)-digit Switch entity
code which is defined by the "D," "E" and "F" digits of a ten- (10) digit telephone number within
the NANP.
"Operational Support Systems" or "OSS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.
"Optional Testing" is testing conducted by Qwest, at the request of CLEC, that is in lieu of
testing CLEC should complete to isolate trouble to the Qwest network prior to submitting a
trouble ticket to Qwest.
"Ordering and Billing Forum" or "OBF" means the telecommunications industry forum, under the
auspices of the Carrier Liaison Committee of the Alliance for Telecommunications Industry
Solutions, concerned with inter-company ordering and Billing.
"Originating Line Information Parameter" or "OLIP" is a CCS SS7 signaling parameter that
identifies the line class of service, i.e., originating screening and routing translation.
"P.01 Transmission Grade of Service" means a circuit switched trunk facility Provisioning
standard with the statistical probability of no more than one (1) call in one hundred (100)
blocked on initial attempt during the average busy hour.
"Packet Switch" is a router designed to read the destination address in an incoming cell or
packet, consult a routing table and route the packet toward its destination. Packetizing is done
in originating CPE and reassembly is done in terminating CPE. Multiple packet formats or
protocols exist (e.g., x.25, x.75, frame relay, ATM, and IP).
"Parity" means the provision of non-discriminatory access to Interconnection, Resale,
Unbundled Network Elements and other services provided under this Agreement to the extent
legally required on rates, terms and conditions that are non-discriminatory, just and reasonable.
Where Technically Feasible, the access provided by Qwest will be provided in "substantially the
same time and manner" to that which Qwest provides to itself, its End User Customers, its
Affiliates or to any other party.
"Party" means either Qwest or CLEC and "Parties" means Qwest and CLEC.
"Performance Indicator Definitions" or "PIDs" shall have the meaning set forth in Exhibit B.
"Person" is a general term meaning an individual or association, corporation, firm, joint-stock
company, organization, partnership, trust or any other form or kind of entity.
"Physical Collocation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.1.
"Plant Test Date" or "PTD" means the date acceptance testing is performed with CLEC.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
20

Section 4
Definitions
"Point of Interface", "Point of Interconnection," or "POI" is a demarcation between the networks
of two (2) LECs (including a LEC and CLEC). The POI is that point where the exchange of
traffic takes place.
"Point of Presence" or "POP" means the Point of Presence of an IXC.
"Pole Attachment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.8.1.
"Port" means a line or trunk connection point, including a line card and associated peripheral
equipment, on a Central Office Switch but does not include Switch features. The Port serves as
the hardware termination for line or Trunk Side facilities connected to the Central Office Switch.
Each Line Side Port is typically associated with one or more telephone numbers that serve as
the Customer's network address.
"POTS" means plain old telephone service.
"Power Spectral Density (PSD) Masks" are graphical templates that define the limits on signal
power densities across a range of frequencies to permit divergent technologies to coexist in
close proximity within the same Binder Groups.
"Premises" refers to Qwest's Central Offices and Serving Wire Centers; all buildings or similar
structures owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by Qwest that house its network facilities; all
structures that house Qwest facilities on public rights-of-way, including but not limited to vaults
containing Loop Concentrators or similar structures; and all land owned, leased, or otherwise
controlled by Qwest that is adjacent to these Central Offices, Wire Centers, buildings and
structures.
"Product Catalog" or "PCAT" is a Qwest document that provides information needed to request
services available under this Agreement. Qwest agrees that CLEC shall not be held to the
requirements of the PCAT. The PCAT is available on Qwest's web site:
http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/pcat/
"Project Coordinated Installation" allows CLEC to coordinate installation activity as prescribed in
section 9.2.2.9.7, including out of hours coordination.
"Proof of Authorization" or "POA" shall consist of verification of the End User Customer's
selection and authorization adequate to document the End User Customer's selection of its local
service provider.
"Proprietary Information" shall have the same meaning as Confidential Information.
"Provisioning" involves the exchange of information between Telecommunications Carriers
where one executes a request for a set of products and services or Unbundled Network
Elements or combinations thereof from the other with attendant acknowledgments and status
reports.
"Pseudo Automatic Number Identification" or "Pseudo-ANI" is a number, consisting of the same
number of digits as ANI, that is not a NANP telephone directory number and may be used in
place of an ANI to convey special meaning, determined by agreements, as necessary, between
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
21

Section 4
Definitions
the system originating the call, intermediate systems handling and routing the call, and the
destination system.
"Public Safety Answering Point" or "PSAP" is the public safety communications center where
911/E911 calls for a specific geographic area are answered.
"Public Switched Network" includes all Switches and transmission facilities, whether by wire or
radio, provided by any Common Carrier including LECs, IXCs and CMRS providers that use the
NANP in connection with the provision of switched services.
"Rate Center" identifies 1) the specific geographic point identified by specific vertical and
horizontal (V&H) coordinates, which are used to measure distance sensitive End User
Customer traffic to/from the particular NPA-NXX designations with the specific Rate Center, and
2) the corresponding geographic area which is associated with one or more particular NPA-NXX
codes which have been assigned to a LEC for its provision of Telephone Exchange Service.
"Ready for Service" or "RFS" – A Collocation job is considered to be Ready for Service when
Qwest has completed all operational work in accordance with CLEC Application and makes
functional space available to CLEC. Such work includes, but is not necessarily limited to: DC
power (fuses available, Battery Distribution Fuse Board (BDFB) is powered, and cables
between CLEC and power are terminated), cage enclosures, primary AC outlet, cable racking,
and circuit terminations (e.g., fiber jumpers are placed between the outside plant fiber
distribution panel and the Central Office fiber distribution panel serving CLEC) and APOT/CFA
are complete, telephone service, and other services and facilities ordered by CLEC for
Provisioning by the RFS date.
"Records Issue Date" or "RID" means the date that all design and assignment information is
sent to the necessary service implementation groups.
"Remote Premises" means all Qwest Premises, other than Qwest Wire Centers or adjacent to
Qwest Wire Centers. Such Remote Premises include controlled environmental vaults,
controlled environmental huts, cabinets, pedestals and other Remote Terminals.
"Remote Terminal" or "RT" means a cabinet, vault or similar structure at an intermediate point
between the End User Customer and Qwest's Central Office, where Loops are aggregated and
hauled to the Central Office or Serving Wire Center using LCM. A Remote Terminal may
contain active electronics such as digital loop carriers, fiber hubs, DSLAMs, etc.
"Reseller" is a category of CLECs who purchase the use of Finished Services for the purpose of
reselling those Telecommunications Services to their End User Customers.
"Reserved Numbers" means those telephone numbers which are not in use but which are held
in reserve by a Carrier under a legally enforceable written agreement for a specific End User
Customer's future use.
"Route" is a transmission path between one of Qwest's Wire Centers or switches and another of
Qwest's Wire Centers or Switches. A route between two (2) points (e.g., Wire Center or Switch
"A" and Wire Center or Switch "Z") may pass through one (1) or more intermediate Wire
Centers or Switches (e.g., Wire Center or Switch "X"). Transmission paths between identical
end points (e.g., Wire Center or Switch "A" and Wire Center or Switch "Z") are the same "route,"
irrespective of whether they pass through the same intermediate Wire Centers or Switches, if
any.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
22

Section 4
Definitions
"Scheduled Issued Date" or "SID" means the date the order is entered into Qwest's order
distribution system.
"Selective Router" means the equipment necessary for Selective Routing.
"Selective Routing" is the automatic routing of 911/E911 calls to the PSAP that has jurisdictional
responsibility for the service address of the caller, irrespective of telephone company exchange
or Wire Center boundaries. Selective Routing may also be used for other services.
"Service Date" or "SD" means the date service is made available to the End User Customer.
This also is referred to as the "Due Date."
"Service Provider Identification" or "SPID" is the number that identifies a service provider to the
relevant NPAC. The SPID may be a state-specific number.
"Serving Wire Center" denotes the Qwest building from which dial tone for local Exchange
Service would normally be provided to a particular End User Customer premises.
"Signaling System 7" or "SS7" is an out-of-band signaling protocol consisting of four basic sub-
protocols:
1) Message Transfer Part (MTP), which provides functions for basic routing of
signaling messages between signaling points;
2) Signaling Connection Control Part (SCCP), which provides additional routing and
management functions for transfer of messages other than call setup between signaling
points;
3) Integrated Services Digital Network User Part (ISUP), which provides for transfer
of call setup signaling information between signaling points; and
4) Transaction Capabilities Application Part (TCAP), which provides for transfer of
non-circuit related information between signaling points.
"Special Request Process" or "SRP" shall have the meaning set forth in Exhibit F.
"Spectrum Compatibility" means the capability of two (2) copper loop transmission system
technologies to coexist in the same cable without service degradation and to operate
satisfactorily in the presence of cross talk noise from each other. Spectrum compatibility is
defined on a per twisted pair basis for specific well-defined transmission systems. For the
purposes of issues regarding Spectrum Compatibility, service degradation means the failure to
meet the Bit Error Ratio (BER) and Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) margin requirements defined
for the specific transmission system for all Loop lengths, model Loops, or loss values within the
requirements for the specific transmission system.
"Splitter" means a device used in conjunction with a DSLAM either to combine or separate the
high (DSL) and low (voice) frequency spectrums of the Loop in order to provide both voice and
data over a single Loop.
"Stand-Alone Test Environment" or "SATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
12.2.9.3.2.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
23

Section 4
Definitions
"Subloop" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.1.1.
"Suspended Lines" means subscriber lines that have been temporarily disconnected.
"Switch" means a switching device employed by a Carrier within the Public Switched Network.
Switch includes but is not limited to End Office Switches, Tandem Switches, Access Tandem
Switches, Remote Switching Modules, and Packet Switches. Switches may be employed as a
combination of End Office/Tandem Switches.
"Switched Access Service" means the offering of transmission and switching services to
Interexchange Carriers for the purpose of the origination or termination of telephone toll service.
Switched Access Services include: Feature Group A, Feature Group B, Feature Group D, 8XX
access, and 900 access and their successors or similar Switched Access Services.
"Switched Access Traffic" is traffic that originates at one of the Party's End User Customers and
terminates at an IXC Point of Presence, or originates at an IXC Point of Presence and
terminates at one of the Party's End User Customers, whether or not the traffic transits the other
Party's network.
"Synchronous Optical Network" or "SONET" is a TDM-based (time division multiplexing)
standard for high-speed fiber optic transmission formulated by the Exchange Carriers Standards
Association (ECSA) for the American National Standards Institute ("ANSI").
"Tariff" as used throughout this Agreement refers to Qwest interstate Tariffs and state Tariffs,
price lists, and price schedules.
"Technically Feasible" Interconnection, access to Unbundled Network Elements, Collocation,
and other methods of achieving Interconnection or access to Unbundled Network Elements at a
point in the network shall be deemed Technically Feasible absent technical or operational
concerns that prevent the fulfillment of a request by a Telecommunications Carrier for such
Interconnection, access, or methods. A determination of technical feasibility does not include
consideration of economic, accounting, Billing, space, or site concerns, except that space and
site concerns may be considered in circumstances where there is no possibility of expanding
the space available. The fact that an incumbent LEC must modify its facilities or equipment to
respond to such request does not determine whether satisfying such request is Technically
Feasible. An incumbent LEC that claims that it cannot satisfy such request because of adverse
network reliability impacts must prove to the Commission by clear and convincing evidence that
such Interconnection, access, or methods would result in specific and significant adverse
network reliability impacts.
"Telecommunications" means the transmission, between or among points specified by the user,
of information of the user's choosing, without change in the form or content of the information as
sent and received.
"Telecommunications Carrier" means any provider of Telecommunications Services, except that
such term does not include aggregators of Telecommunications Services (as defined in Section
226 of the Act). A Telecommunications Carrier shall be treated as a Common Carrier under the
Act only to the extent that it is engaged in providing Telecommunications Services, except that
the Federal Communications Commission shall determine whether the provision of fixed and
mobile satellite service shall be treated as common carriage.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
24

Section 4
Definitions
"Telecommunications Equipment" means equipment, other than Customer Premises
Equipment, used by a Carrier to provide Telecommunications Services, and include software
integral to such equipment, including upgrades.
"Telecommunications Services" means the offering of Telecommunications for a fee directly to
the public, or to such classes of users as to be effectively available directly to the public,
regardless of the facilities used.
"Telephone Exchange Service" means a service within a telephone exchange, or within a
connected system of telephone exchanges within the same exchange area operated to furnish
to End User Customers intercommunicating service of the character ordinarily furnished by a
single exchange, and which is covered by the Exchange Service charge, or comparable service
provided through a system of Switches, transmission equipment or other facilities (or
combinations thereof) by which a subscriber can originate and terminate a Telecommunications
Service.
"TELRIC" means Total Element Long-Run Incremental Cost.
"Tier 1 Wire Centers" means those Qwest Wire Centers that contain at least four (4) Fiber-
based Collocators, at least thirty-eight thousand (38,000) Business Lines, or both. Tier 1 Wire
Centers also are those Qwest tandem switching locations that have no line-side switching
facilities, but nevertheless serve as a point of traffic aggregation accessible by CLEC. Once a
Wire Center is determined to be a Tier 1 Wire Center, that Wire Center is not subject to later
reclassification as a Tier 2 or Tier 3 Wire Center.
"Tier 2 Wire Centers" means those Qwest Wire Centers that are not Tier 1 Wire Centers, but
contain at least three (3) Fiber-based Collocators, at least twenty-four thousand (24,000)
Business Lines, or both. Once a Wire Center is determined to be a Tier 2 Wire Center, that
Wire Center is not subject to later reclassification as a Tier 3 Wire Center.
"Tier 3 Wire Centers" means those Qwest Wire Centers that do not meet the criteria for Tier 1 or
Tier 2 Wire Centers.
"Toll Free Service" means service provided with any dialing sequence that invokes Toll Free,
i.e., 800-like, service processing. Toll Free Service currently includes calls to the Toll Free
Service 800/888/877/866 NPA SAC codes.
"Transaction Set" is a term used by ANSI X12 and elsewhere that denotes a collection of data,
related field rules, format, structure, syntax, attributes, segments, elements, qualifiers, valid
values that are required to initiate and process a business function from one trading partner to
another. Some business function events, e.g., pre-order inquiry and response are defined as
complimentary Transaction Sets. An example of a Transaction Set is service address validation
inquiry and service address validation response.
“Transit Service” is any traffic that originates from one (1) Telecommunications Carrier's network
and/or its end user(s), transits another Telecommunications Carrier's network, and terminates to
yet another Telecommunications Carrier's network and/or its end user(s).
"Trouble Isolation Charge" – see "Maintenance of Service."
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
25

Section 4
Definitions
"Trunk Side" refers to Switch connections that have been programmed to treat the circuit as
connected to another switching entity.
"Unbundled Network Element" ("UNE") is a Network Element that has been defined by the FCC
as a Network Element to which Qwest is obligated under Section 251(c)(3) of the Act to provide
unbundled access or for which unbundled access is provided under this Agreement. Unbundled
Network Elements do not include those Network Elements Qwest is obligated to provide only
pursuant to Section 271 of the Act.
"UNE Combination" means a combination of two (2) or more Unbundled Network Elements that
were or were not previously combined or connected in Qwest's network, as required by the
FCC, the Commission or this Agreement.
"Virtual Collocation" shall have the meaning set forth in Sections 8.1.1.1 and 8.2.2.1.
“VNXX Traffic” is all traffic originated by a Party’s End User Customer and dialed with a local
dialing pattern that is not terminated to the other Party’s End User Customer physically located
within the same Qwest Local Calling Area (as approved by the state Commission) as the
originating caller, regardless of the NPA-NXX dialed. VNXX does not include originating 8XX
traffic.
“VoIP” (Voice over Internet Protocol) traffic is traffic that originates in Internet Protocol at the end
user customer premises using IP-Telephone handsets, end-user customer premises Internet
Protocol (IP) adapters, CPE-based Internet Protocol Telephone (IPT) Management “plug and
play” hardware, IPT application management and monitoring hardware or such similar
equipment and is transmitted over a broadband connection to the VoIP provider. VoIP is
treated as an Information Service, and is subject to interconnection and compensation rules and
treatment accordingly under this Agreement based on the supposition that the VoIP Provider
Point of Presence (“POP”) is an end user premise.
"Voluntary Federal Subscriber Financial Assistance Programs" are Telecommunications
Services provided to low-income subscribers, pursuant to requirements established by the
Commission or the FCC.
"Waste" means all hazardous and non-hazardous substances and materials which are intended
to be discarded, scrapped or recycled, associated with activities CLEC or Qwest or their
respective contractors or agents perform at Work Locations. It shall be presumed that all
substances or materials associated with such activities, that are not in use or incorporated into
structures (including without limitation damaged components or tools, leftovers, containers,
garbage, scrap, residues or by products), except for substances and materials that CLEC,
Qwest or their respective contractors or agents intend to use in their original form in connection
with similar activities, are Waste. Waste shall not include substances, materials or components
incorporated into structures (such as cable routes) even after such components or structures
are no longer in current use.
"Wire Center" means the location of a Qwest local switching facility containing one or more
Central Offices, as defined in the Appendix to Part 36, Chapter 1 of Title 47 of the Code of
Federal Regulations. Wire Center boundaries define the area in which all End User Customers
served by a given Wire Center are located.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
26

Section 4
Definitions
"Wired and Office Tested Date" or "WOT" means the date by which all intraoffice wiring is
completed, all plug-ins optioned and aligned, frame continuity established, and the interoffice
facilities, if applicable, are tested. This includes the date that switching equipment, including
translation loading, is installed and tested.
"Work Locations" means any real estate that CLEC or Qwest, as appropriate, owns, leases or
licenses, or in which it holds easements or other rights to use, or does use, in connection with
this Agreement.
Terms not otherwise defined here but defined in the Act and the orders and the rules
implementing the Act, shall have the meaning defined there. The definition of terms that are
included here and are also defined in the Act, or its implementing orders or rules, are intended
to include the definition as set forth in the Act and the rules implementing the Act.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
27

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
Section 5.0 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS
5.1 General Provisions
5.1.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
5.1.2 The Parties are each solely responsible for participation in and compliance with
national network plans, including the National Network Security Plan and the Emergency
Preparedness Plan.
5.1.3 Neither Party shall use any service related to or use any of the services provided
in this Agreement in any manner that interferes with other Persons in the use of their service,
prevents other Persons from using their service, or otherwise impairs the quality of service to
other Carriers or to either Party's End User Customers. In addition, neither Party's provision of
or use of services shall interfere with the services related to or provided under this Agreement.
5.1.3.1 If such impairment is material and poses an immediate threat to the
safety of either Party's employees, Customers or the public or poses an immediate
threat of a service interruption, that Party shall provide immediate notice by email to the
other Party's designated representative(s) for the purposes of receiving such notification.
Such notice shall include 1) identification of the impairment (including the basis for
identifying the other Party's facilities as the cause of the impairment), 2) date and
location of the impairment, and 3) the proposed remedy for such impairment for any
affected service. Either Party may discontinue the specific service that violates the
provision or refuse to provide the same type of service if it reasonably appears that the
particular service would cause similar harm, until the violation of this provision has been
corrected to the reasonable satisfaction of that Party and the service shall be reinstituted
as soon as reasonably possible. The Parties shall work cooperatively and in good faith
to resolve their differences. In the event either Party disputes any action that the other
Party seeks to take or has taken pursuant to this provision, that Party may pursue
immediate resolution by expedited or other Dispute Resolution.
5.1.3.2 If the impairment is service impacting but does not meet the parameters
set forth in Section 5.1.3.1, such as low level noise or other interference, the other Party
shall provide written notice within five (5) Days of such impairment to the other Party and
such notice shall include the information set forth in subsection 5.1.3.1. The Parties
shall work cooperatively and in good faith to resolve their differences. If the impairment
has not been corrected or cannot be corrected within five (5) business days of receipt of
the notice of non-compliance, the other Party may pursue immediate resolution by
expedited or other Dispute Resolution.
5.1.3.3 If either Party causes non-service impacting impairment the other Party
shall provide written notice within fifteen (15) Days of the impairment to the other Party
and such notice shall include the information set forth in subsection 5.1.3.1. The Parties
shall work cooperatively and in good faith to resolve their differences. If either Party fails
to correct any such impairment within fifteen (15) Days of written notice, or if such non-
compliance cannot be corrected within fifteen (15) Days of written notice of non-
compliance, and if the impairing Party fails to take all appropriate steps to correct as
soon as reasonably possible, the other Party may pursue immediate resolution by
expedited or other Dispute Resolution.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
28

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.1.3.4 It is the responsibility of either Party to inform its End User Customers of
service impacting impairment that may result in discontinuance of service as soon as the
Party receives notice of same.
5.1.4 Each Party is solely responsible for the services it provides to its End User
Customers and to other Telecommunications Carriers. This provision is not intended to limit the
liability of either Party for its failure to perform under this Agreement.
5.1.5 The Parties shall work cooperatively to minimize fraud associated with third-
number billed calls, calling card calls, and any other services related to this Agreement.
5.1.6 Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either Party from seeking to recover the
costs and expenses, if any, it may incur in (a) complying with and implementing its obligations
under this Agreement, the Act, and the rules, regulations and orders of the FCC and the
Commission, and (b) the development, modification, technical installation and maintenance of
any systems or other infrastructure which it requires to comply with and to continue complying
with its responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Qwest shall not assess any charges against CLEC for services, facilities, Unbundled Network
Elements, ancillary services and other related work or services covered by this Agreement,
unless the charges are expressly provided for in this Agreement. All services and capabilities
currently provided hereunder (including resold Telecommunications Services, Unbundled
Network Elements, UNE Combinations and ancillary services) and all new and additional
services or Unbundled Network Elements to be provided hereunder, shall be priced in
accordance with all applicable provisions of the Act and the rules and orders of the Federal
Communications Commission and orders of the Commission.
5.2 Term of Agreement
5.2.1 This Agreement shall become effective on the date of Commission Approval.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties for a term of three (3) years and shall expire
on July 2, 2013.
5.2.2 Upon expiration of the term of this Agreement, this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect until superseded by a successor agreement in accordance with this Section
5.2.2. Any Party may request negotiation of a successor agreement by written notice to the
other Party no earlier than one hundred sixty (160) Days prior to the expiration of the term, or
the Agreement shall renew on a month to month basis. The date of this notice will be the
starting point for the negotiation window under Section 252 of the Act. This Agreement will
terminate on the date a successor agreement is approved by the Commission. However,
nothing relieves CLEC from fulfilling the obligations incurred under the prior Agreement.
5.3 Proof of Authorization
5.3.1 Each Party shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining Proof of
Authorization (POA) as required by applicable federal and state law, as amended from time to
time.
5.3.2 The Parties shall make POAs available to each other upon request in the event
of an allegation of an unauthorized change in accordance with all Applicable Laws and rules
and shall be subject to any penalties contained therein.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
29

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.4 Payment
5.4.1 Amounts payable under this Agreement are due and payable within thirty (30)
Days after the date of invoice (Payment Due Date). If a Payment Due Date falls on a Sunday,
or on a holiday which is observed on a Monday, the payment date shall be the first non-holiday
day following such Sunday or holiday. If a Payment Due Date falls on a Saturday or on a
holiday which is observed on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, the payment date shall
be the last non-holiday day preceding such Saturday or holiday. For invoices distributed
electronically, the date of invoice date is the same as if the invoice were billed on paper, not the
date the electronic delivery occurs. If either Party fails to make payment on or before the
Payment Due Date, the other Party may invoke all available rights and remedies.
5.4.2 One Party may discontinue processing orders for the failure of the other Party to
make full payment for the services, less any good faith disputed amount as provided for in
Section 5.4.4 of this Agreement, for the services provided under this Agreement within thirty
(30) Days following the payment due date provided the Billing Party has notified the other Party
in writing at least ten (10) business days prior to discontinuing the processing of orders for
services. If the Billing Party does not refuse to accept additional orders for the services on the
date specified in the ten (10) business days' notice, and the other Party's non-compliance
continues, nothing contained herein shall preclude the Billing Party's right to refuse to accept
additional orders for the services from the non-complying Party without further notice. For order
processing to resume, the billed Party will be required to make full payment of all charges for
the services not disputed in good faith under this Agreement. Additionally, the Billing Party may
require a deposit (or additional deposit) from the billed Party, pursuant to this section. In
addition to other remedies that may be available at law or equity, the billed Party reserves the
right to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance.
5.4.3 The Billing Party may disconnect services for failure by the billed Party to make
full payment, less any good faith disputed amount as provided for in Section 5.4.4 of this
Agreement, for the services provided under this Agreement within sixty (60) Days following the
payment due date. The billed Party will pay the applicable reconnect charge set forth in Exhibit
A required to reconnect each service disconnected pursuant to this paragraph. The Billing Party
will notify the billed Party at least ten (10) business days prior to disconnection of the service(s).
In case of such disconnection, all applicable undisputed charges, including termination charges,
shall become due. If the Billing Party does not disconnect the billed Party's service(s) on the
date specified in the ten (10) business days notice, and the billed Party's noncompliance
continues, nothing contained herein shall preclude the Billing Party's right to disconnect services
of the non-complying Party without further notice. For reconnection of the services to occur, the
billed Party will be required to make full payment of all past and current undisputed charges
under this Agreement for the services. Additionally, the Billing Party will request a deposit (or
recalculate the deposit) as specified in Section 5.4.5 and 5.4.7 from the billed Party, pursuant to
this Section. If the billed Party is a new CLEC customer of Qwest, the application of this
provision will be suspended for the initial three (3) Billing cycles of this Agreement and will not
apply to amounts billed during those three (3) cycles. In addition to other remedies that may be
available at law or equity, each Party reserves the right to seek equitable relief, including
injunctive relief and specific performance.
5.4.4 Should CLEC or Qwest dispute, in good faith, any portion of the charges under
this Agreement, the Parties will notify each other in writing within fifteen (15) Days following the
payment due date identifying the amount, reason and rationale of such dispute. At a minimum,
CLEC and Qwest shall pay all undisputed amounts due. Both CLEC and Qwest agree to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
30

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
expedite the investigation of any disputed amounts, promptly provide reasonably requested
documentation regarding the amount disputed, and work in good faith in an effort to resolve and
settle the dispute through informal means prior to invoking any other rights or remedies.
5.4.4.1 If a Party disputes charges and does not pay such charges by the
payment due date, such charges may be subject to late payment charges. If the
disputed charges have been withheld and the dispute is resolved in favor of the Billing
Party, the withholding Party shall pay the disputed amount and applicable late payment
charges no later than the next Bill Date following the resolution. If the disputed charges
have been withheld and the dispute is resolved in favor of the disputing Party, the Billing
Party shall credit the bill of the disputing Party for the amount of the disputed charges
and any late payment charges that have been assessed no later than the second Bill
Date after the resolution of the dispute. If a Party pays the disputed charges and the
dispute is resolved in favor of the Billing Party, no further action is required.
5.4.4.2 If a Party pays the disputed charges and the dispute is resolved in favor
of the Billing Party, no further action is required. If a Party pays the charges disputed at
the time of payment or at any time thereafter pursuant to Section 5.4.4.3, and the
dispute is resolved in favor of the disputing Party, the Billing Party will adjust the Billing,
usually within two (2) Billing cycles, after the resolution of the dispute, as follows:
(1) The Billing Party will credit the Billed Party's bill for the disputed amount and
any associated interest; or
(2) If the disputed amount is greater than the bill to be credited, pay the
remaining amount to the Billed Party.
(3) The interest calculated on the disputed amounts will be the same rate as late
payment charges. In no event, however, will any late payment charges be
assessed on any previously assessed late payment charges.
5.4.4.3 If the Billed Party fails to dispute a rate or charge within sixty (60) Days
following the invoice date on which the rate or charge appeared, adjustment will be
made on a going-forward basis only, beginning with the date of the dispute.
5.4.5 In the event of a material adverse change in CLEC’s financial condition
subsequent to the Effective Date of this Agreement, Qwest may request a security deposit. A
“material adverse change in financial condition” means CLEC is a new CLEC with no
established credit history, or is a CLEC that has not established satisfactory credit with Qwest,
or the Party is repeatedly delinquent in making its payments, or is being reconnected after a
disconnection of Service or discontinuance of the processing of orders by Qwest due to a
previous failure to pay undisputed charges in a timely manner. Qwest may require a deposit to
be held as security for the payment of charges before the orders from CLEC will be provisioned
and completed or before reconnection of Service. "Repeatedly delinquent" means any payment
of a material amount of total monthly Billing under the Agreement received after the Payment
Due Date, three (3) or more times during the last twelve (12) month period. The deposit may
not exceed the estimated total monthly charges for a two (2) month period based upon recent
Billing. The deposit may be adjusted by CLEC’s actual monthly average charges, payment
history under this Agreement, or other relevant factors, but in no event will the security deposit
exceed five million dollars ($5,000,000.00). The deposit may be an irrevocable bank letter of
credit, a letter of credit with terms and conditions acceptable to Qwest, or some other form of
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
31

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
mutually acceptable security such as a cash deposit. Required deposits are due and payable
within thirty (30) Days after demand and non-payment is subject to Sections 5.4.2 and 5.4.3 of
this Agreement.
5.4.6 Interest will be paid on cash deposits at the rate applying to deposits under
applicable Commission regulations. Cash deposits and accrued interest will be credited to
CLEC's account or refunded, as appropriate, upon the earlier of the expiration of the term of the
Agreement or the establishment of satisfactory credit with Qwest, which will generally be one full
year of timely payments of undisputed amounts in full by CLEC. Upon a material change in
financial standing, including factors referenced in Section 5.4.5 above, CLEC may request and
the Qwest will consider a recalculation of the deposit. The fact that a deposit has been made
does not relieve CLEC from any requirements of this Agreement.
5.4.7 Qwest may review CLEC's credit standing and modify the amount of deposit
required but in no event will the maximum amount exceed the amount stated in 5.4.5 or another
amount, if approved by the Commission.
5.4.8 The late payment charge for amounts that are billed under this Agreement shall
be in accordance with Commission requirements.
5.4.9 CLEC shall be responsible for notifying its End User Customers of any pending
disconnection of a service by CLEC, if necessary, to allow those End User Customers to make
other arrangements for such services.
5.4.10 CLEC must not remit payment for the Services with funds obtained through the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (or ARRA) or other similar stimulus grants or loans
that would obligate Qwest to provide certain information or perform certain functions unless
those functions and obligations are specifically agreed to by the parties in this Agreement or in
an amendment to this Agreement.
5.5 Taxes
5.5.1 Any federal, state, or local sales, use, excise, gross receipts, transaction or
similar taxes, fees or surcharges resulting from the performance of this Agreement shall be
borne by the Party upon which the obligation for payment is imposed under Applicable Law,
even if the obligation to collect and remit such taxes is placed upon the other Party. However,
where the selling Party is permitted by law to collect such taxes, fees or surcharges, from the
purchasing Party, such taxes, fees or surcharges shall be borne by the Party purchasing the
services. Each Party is responsible for any tax on its corporate existence, status or income.
Whenever possible, these amounts shall be billed as a separate item on the invoice. To the
extent a sale is claimed to be for resale tax exemption, the purchasing Party shall furnish the
providing Party a proper resale tax exemption certificate as authorized or required by statute or
regulation by the jurisdiction providing said resale tax exemption. Until such time as a resale tax
exemption certificate is provided, no exemptions will be applied. If either Party (the Contesting
Party) contests the application of any tax collected by the other Party (the Collecting Party), the
Collecting Party shall reasonably cooperate in good faith with the Contesting Party's challenge,
provided that the Contesting Party pays any costs incurred by the Collecting Party. The
Contesting Party is entitled to the benefit of any refund or recovery resulting from the contest,
provided that the Contesting Party is liable for and has paid the tax contested.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
32

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.6 Insurance
5.6.1 Each Party shall at all times during the term of this Agreement, at its own cost
and expense, carry and maintain the insurance coverage listed below with insurers having a
"Best's" rating of A-VII with respect to liability arising from that Party's operations for which that
Party has assumed legal responsibility in this Agreement. If either Party or its parent company
has assets equal to or exceeding ten billion dollars ($10,000,000,000), that Party may utilize an
Affiliate captive insurance company in lieu of a "Best's" rated insurer. To the extent that the
parent company of a Party is relied upon to meet the ten billion dollar ($10,000,000,000) asset
threshold, such parent shall be responsible for the insurance obligations contained in this
Section 5.6.1, to the extent its affiliated Party fails to meet such obligations.
5.6.1.1 Workers' Compensation with statutory limits as required in the state of
operation and Employers' Liability insurance with limits of not less than one hundred
thousand dollars ($100,000) each accident.
5.6.1.2 Commercial General Liability insurance covering claims for bodily injury,
death, personal injury or property damage occurring or arising out of the use or
occupancy of the premises, including coverage for independent contractor's protection
(required if any work will be subcontracted), premises-operations, products and/or
completed operations and contractual liability with respect to the liability assumed by
each Party hereunder. The limits of insurance shall not be less than one million dollars
($1,000,000) each occurrence and two million dollars ($2,000,000) general aggregate
limit.
5.6.1.3 Business automobile liability insurance covering the ownership, operation
and maintenance of all owned, non-owned and hired motor vehicles with limits of not
less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence for bodily injury and property
damage.
5.6.1.4 Umbrella/Excess Liability insurance in an amount of ten million dollars
($10,000,000) excess of Commercial General Liability insurance specified above. These
limits may be obtained through any combination of primary and excess or umbrella
liability insurance so long as the total limit is eleven million dollars ($11,000,000).
5.6.1.5 "All Risk" Property coverage on a full replacement cost basis insuring all
of CLEC personal property situated on or within the Premises or Remote Premises.
5.6.2 Each Party will initially provide certificate(s) of insurance evidencing coverage,
and thereafter will provide such certificate(s) upon request. Such certificates shall (1) name the
other Party as an additional insured under commercial general liability coverage; (2) provide
thirty (30) Days prior written notice of cancellation of the policy(s) to which certificate(s) relate;
(3) indicate that coverage is primary and not excess of, or contributory with, any other valid and
collectible insurance purchased by the other Party; and (4) acknowledge severability of
interest/cross liability coverage.
5.7 Force Majeure
5.7.1 Neither Party shall be liable for any delay or failure in performance of any part of
this Agreement from any cause beyond its control and without its fault or negligence including,
without limitation, acts of nature, acts of civil or military authority, government regulations,
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
33

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
embargoes, epidemics, terrorist acts, riots, insurrections, fires, explosions, earthquakes, nuclear
accidents, floods, work stoppages, power blackouts, volcanic action, other major environmental
disturbances, or unusually severe weather conditions (collectively, a Force Majeure Event).
Inability to secure products or services of other Persons or transportation facilities or acts or
omissions of transportation carriers shall be considered Force Majeure Events to the extent any
delay or failure in performance caused by these circumstances is beyond the Party's control and
without that Party's fault or negligence. The Party affected by a Force Majeure Event shall give
prompt notice to the other Party, shall be excused from performance of its obligations hereunder
on a day to day basis to the extent those obligations are prevented by the Force Majeure Event,
and shall use reasonable efforts to remove or mitigate the Force Majeure Event. In the event of
a labor dispute or strike the Parties agree to provide service to each other at a level equivalent
to the level they provide themselves.
5.8 Limitation of Liability
5.8.1 Each Party's liability to the other Party for any loss relating to or arising out of any
act or omission in its performance under this Agreement, whether in contract, warranty, strict
liability, or tort, including (without limitation) negligence of any kind, shall be limited to the total
amount that is or would have been charged to the other Party by such breaching Party for the
service(s) or function(s) not performed or improperly performed. Each Party's liability to the
other Party for any other losses shall be limited to the total amounts charged to CLEC under this
Agreement during the contract year in which the cause accrues or arises. Payments pursuant
to the QPAP shall not be counted against the limit provided for in this Section.
5.8.2 Neither Party shall be liable to the other for indirect, incidental, consequential, or
special damages, including (without limitation) damages for lost profits, lost revenues, lost
savings suffered by the other Party regardless of the form of action, whether in contract,
warranty, strict liability, tort, including (without limitation) negligence of any kind and regardless
of whether the Parties know the possibility that such damages could result. If the Parties enter
into a Performance Assurance Plan under this Agreement, nothing in this Section 5.8.2 shall
limit amounts due and owing under any Performance Assurance Plan.
5.8.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
5.8.4 Nothing contained in this Section shall limit either Party's liability to the other for
(i) willful or intentional misconduct or (ii) damage to tangible real or personal property
proximately caused solely by such Party's negligent act or omission or that of their respective
agents, subcontractors, or employees.
5.8.5 Nothing contained in this Section 5.8 shall limit either Party's obligations of
indemnification specified in this Agreement, nor shall this Section 5.8 limit a Party's liability for
failing to make any payment due under this Agreement.
5.8.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
5.9 Indemnity
5.9.1 The Parties agree that unless otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement
the following constitute the sole indemnification obligations between and among the Parties:
5.9.1.1 Each of the Parties agrees to release, indemnify, defend and hold
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
34

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
harmless the other Party and each of its officers, directors, employees and agents (each
an Indemnitee) from and against and in respect of any loss, debt, liability, damage,
obligation, claim, demand, judgment or settlement of any nature or kind, known or
unknown, liquidated or unliquidated including, but not limited to, reasonable costs and
expenses (including attorneys' fees), whether suffered, made, instituted, or asserted by
any Person or entity, for invasion of privacy, bodily injury or death of any Person or
Persons, or for loss, damage to, or destruction of tangible property, whether or not
owned by others, resulting from the Indemnifying Party's breach of or failure to perform
under this Agreement, regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, warranty,
strict liability, or tort including (without limitation) negligence of any kind.
5.9.1.2 In the case of claims or loss alleged or incurred by an End User Customer
of either Party arising out of or in connection with services provided to the End User
Customer by the Party, the Party whose End User Customer alleged or incurred such
claims or loss (the Indemnifying Party) shall defend and indemnify the other Party and
each of its officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively the Indemnified Party)
against any and all such claims or loss by the Indemnifying Party's End User Customers
regardless of whether the underlying service was provided or Unbundled Network
Element was provisioned by the Indemnified Party, unless the loss was caused by the
willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party. The obligation to indemnify with respect to
claims of the Indemnifying Party's End User Customers shall not extend to any claims for
physical bodily injury or death of any Person or persons, or for loss, damage to, or
destruction of tangible property, whether or not owned by others, alleged to have
resulted directly from the negligence or intentional conduct of the employees,
contractors, agents, or other representatives of the Indemnified Party.
5.9.1.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
5.9.1.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
5.9.2 The indemnification provided herein shall be conditioned upon:
5.9.2.1 The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of any
action taken against the Indemnified Party relating to the indemnification. Failure to so
notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any liability that
the Indemnifying Party might have, except to the extent that such failure prejudices the
Indemnifying Party's ability to defend such claim.
5.9.2.2 If the Indemnifying Party wishes to defend against such action, it shall
give written notice to the Indemnified Party of acceptance of the defense of such action.
In such event, the Indemnifying Party shall have sole authority to defend any such
action, including the selection of legal counsel, and the Indemnified Party may engage
separate legal counsel only at its sole cost and expense. In the event that the
Indemnifying Party does not accept the defense of the action, the Indemnified Party shall
have the right to employ counsel for such defense at the expense of the Indemnifying
Party. Each Party agrees to cooperate with the other Party in the defense of any such
action and the relevant records of each Party shall be available to the other Party with
respect to any such defense.
5.9.2.3 In no event shall the Indemnifying Party settle or consent to any judgment
pertaining to any such action without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
35

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
In the event the Indemnified Party withholds consent, the Indemnified Party may, at its
cost, take over such defense, provided that, in such event, the Indemnifying Party shall
not be responsible for, nor shall it be obligated to indemnify the relevant Indemnified
Party against, any cost or liability in excess of such refused compromise or settlement.
5.10 Intellectual Property
5.10.1 Except for a license to use any facilities or equipment (including software) solely
for the purposes of this Agreement or to receive any service solely (a) as provided in this
Agreement or (b) as specifically required by the then-applicable federal and state rules and
regulations relating to Interconnection and access to Telecommunications facilities and
services, nothing contained within this Agreement shall be construed as the grant of a license,
either express or implied, with respect to any patent, copyright, trade name, trade mark, service
mark, trade secret, or other proprietary interest or intellectual property, now or hereafter owned,
controlled or licensable by either Party. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as the
grant to the other Party of any rights or licenses to trade or service marks.
5.10.2 Subject to Section 5.9.2, each Party (the Indemnifying Party) shall indemnify and
hold the other Party (the Indemnified Party) harmless from and against any loss, cost, expense
or liability arising out of a claim that the use of facilities of the Indemnifying Party or services
provided by the Indemnifying Party provided or used pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights of any third party. In
addition to being subject to the provisions of Section 5.9.2, the obligation for indemnification
recited in this paragraph shall not extend to infringement which results from (a) any combination
of the facilities or services of the Indemnifying Party with facilities or services of any other
Person (including the Indemnified Party but excluding the Indemnifying Party and any of its
Affiliates), which combination is not made by or at the direction of the Indemnifying Party or (b)
any modification made to the facilities or services of the Indemnifying Party by, on behalf of or at
the request of the Indemnified Party and not required by the Indemnifying Party. In the event of
any claim, the Indemnifying Party may, at its sole option (a) obtain the right for the Indemnified
Party to continue to use the facility or service; or (b) replace or modify the facility or service to
make such facility or service non-infringing. If the Indemnifying Party is not reasonably able to
obtain the right for continued use or to replace or modify the facility or service as provided in the
preceding sentence and either (a) the facility or service is held to be infringing by a court of
competent jurisdiction or (b) the Indemnifying Party reasonably believes that the facility or
service will be held to infringe, the Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party and the
Parties shall negotiate in good faith regarding reasonable modifications to this Agreement
necessary to (1) mitigate damage or comply with an injunction which may result from such
infringement or (2) allow cessation of further infringement. The Indemnifying Party may request
that the Indemnified Party take steps to mitigate damages resulting from the infringement or
alleged infringement including, but not limited to, accepting modifications to the facilities or
services, and such request shall not be unreasonably denied.
5.10.3 To the extent required under applicable federal and state law, Qwest shall use its
best efforts to obtain, from its vendors who have licensed intellectual property rights to Qwest in
connection with facilities and services provided hereunder, licenses under such intellectual
property rights as necessary for CLEC to use such facilities and services as contemplated
hereunder and at least in the same manner used by Qwest for the facilities and services
provided hereunder. Qwest shall notify CLEC immediately in the event that Qwest believes it
has used its best efforts to obtain such rights, but has been unsuccessful in obtaining such
rights.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
36

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.10.3.1 Qwest covenants that it will not enter into any licensing agreements with
respect to any Qwest facilities, equipment or services, including software, that contain
provisions that would disqualify CLEC from using or interconnecting with such facilities,
equipment or services, including software, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
Qwest warrants and further covenants that it has not and will not knowingly modify any
existing license agreements for any network facilities, equipment or services, including
software, in whole or in part for the purpose of disqualifying CLEC from using or
interconnecting with such facilities, equipment or services, including software, pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement. To the extent that providers of facilities, equipment,
services or software in Qwest's network provide Qwest with indemnities covering
intellectual property liabilities and those indemnities allow a flow-through of protection to
third parties, Qwest shall flow those indemnity protections through to CLEC.
5.10.4 Except as expressly provided in this Intellectual Property Section, nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed as the grant of a license, either express or implied, with respect
to any patent, copyright, logo, trademark, trade name, trade secret or any other intellectual
property right now or hereafter owned, controlled or licensable by either Party. Neither Party
may use any patent, copyright, logo, trademark, trade name, trade secret or other intellectual
property rights of the other Party or its Affiliates without execution of a separate agreement
between the Parties.
5.10.5 Neither Party shall without the express written permission of the other Party,
state or imply that: 1) it is connected, or in any way affiliated with the other or its Affiliates; 2) it
is part of a joint business association or any similar arrangement with the other or its Affiliates;
3) the other Party and its Affiliates are in any way sponsoring, endorsing or certifying it and its
goods and services; or 4) with respect to its marketing, advertising or promotional activities or
materials, the resold goods and services are in any way associated with or originated from the
other or any of its Affiliates. Nothing in this paragraph shall prevent either Party from truthfully
describing the Network Elements it uses to provide service to its End User Customers, provided
it does not represent the Network Elements as originating from the other Party or its Affiliates in
any marketing, advertising or promotional activities or materials.
5.10.6 For purposes of resale only and notwithstanding the above, unless otherwise
prohibited by Qwest pursuant to an applicable provision herein, CLEC may use the phrase
"CLEC is a Reseller of Qwest Services" (the Authorized Phrase) in CLEC's printed materials
provided:
5.10.6.1 The Authorized Phrase is not used in connection with any goods or
services other than Qwest services resold by CLEC.
5.10.6.2 CLEC's use of the Authorized Phrase does not cause End User
Customers to believe that CLEC is Qwest.
5.10.6.3 The Authorized Phrase, when displayed, appears only in text form (CLEC
may not use the Qwest logo) with all letters being the same font and point size. The
point size of the Authorized Phrase shall be no greater than one fourth the point size of
the smallest use of CLEC's name and in no event shall exceed 8 point size.
5.10.6.4 CLEC shall provide all printed materials using the Authorized Phrase to
Qwest for its prior written approval.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
37

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.10.6.5 If Qwest determines that CLEC's use of the Authorized Phrase causes
End User Customer confusion, Qwest may immediately terminate CLEC's right to use
the Authorized Phrase.
5.10.6.6 Upon termination of CLEC's right to use the Authorized Phrase or
termination of this Agreement, all permission or right to use the Authorized Phrase shall
immediately cease to exist and CLEC shall immediately cease any and all such use of
the Authorized Phrase. CLEC shall either promptly return to Qwest or destroy all
materials in its possession or control displaying the Authorized Phrase.
5.10.7 Qwest and CLEC each recognize that nothing contained in this Agreement is
intended as an assignment or grant to the other of any right, title or interest in or to the
trademarks or service marks of the other (the Marks) and that this Agreement does not confer
any right or license to grant sublicenses or permission to third parties to use the Marks of the
other and is not assignable. Neither Party will do anything inconsistent with the other's
ownership of their respective Marks, and all rights, if any, that may be acquired by use of the
Marks shall inure to the benefit of their respective Owners. The Parties shall comply with all
Applicable Law governing Marks worldwide and neither Party will infringe the Marks of the other.
5.10.8 Upon request, for all intellectual property owned or controlled by a third party and
licensed to Qwest associated with the Unbundled Network Elements provided by Qwest under
this Agreement, either on the Effective Date or at any time during the term of the Agreement,
Qwest shall within ten (10) business days, unless there are extraordinary circumstances in
which case Qwest will negotiate an agreed upon date, then disclose to CLEC in writing (i) the
name of the Party owning, controlling or licensing such intellectual property, (ii) the facilities or
equipment associated with such intellectual property, (iii) the nature of the intellectual property,
and (iv) the relevant agreements or licenses governing Qwest's use of the intellectual property.
Except to the extent Qwest is prohibited by confidentiality or other provisions of an agreement or
license from disclosing to CLEC any relevant agreement or license within ten (10) business
days of a request by CLEC, Qwest shall provide copies of any relevant agreements or licenses
governing Qwest's use of the intellectual property to CLEC. To the extent Qwest is prohibited
by confidentiality or other provisions of an agreement or license from disclosing to CLEC any
relevant agreement or license, Qwest shall immediately, within ten (10) business days (i)
disclose so much of it as is not prohibited, and (ii) exercise best efforts to cause the vendor,
licensor or other beneficiary of the confidentiality provisions to agree to disclosure of the
remaining portions under terms and conditions equivalent to those governing access by and
disclosure to Qwest.
5.11 Warranties
5.11.1 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES AGREE
THAT NEITHER PARTY HAS MADE, AND THAT THERE DOES NOT EXIST, ANY WARRANTY,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND THAT ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
PROVIDED HEREUNDER ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH ALL FAULTS.
5.12 Assignment
5.12.1 Neither Party may assign or transfer (whether by operation of law or otherwise)
this Agreement (or any rights or obligations hereunder) to a third party without the prior written
consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may assign or transfer
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
38

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
this Agreement to a corporate Affiliate or an entity under its common control; without the
consent of the other Party, provided that the performance of this Agreement by any such
assignee is guaranteed by the assignor. Any attempted assignment or transfer that is not
permitted is void ab initio. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement shall
be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties' respective successors and assigns.
5.12.2 In the event that Qwest transfers to any unaffiliated party exchanges including
End User Customers that CLEC serves in whole or in part through facilities or services provided
by Qwest under this Agreement, the transferee shall be deemed a successor to Qwest's
responsibilities hereunder for a period of ninety (90) Days from notice to CLEC of such transfer
or until such later time as the Commission may direct pursuant to the Commission's then
applicable statutory authority to impose such responsibilities either as a condition of the transfer
or under such other state statutory authority as may give it such power. In the event of such a
proposed transfer, Qwest shall use its best efforts to facilitate discussions between CLEC and
the transferee with respect to transferee's assumption of Qwest's obligations pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement.
5.12.3 Nothing in this section is intended to restrict CLEC's rights to opt into
interconnection agreements under Section 252(i) of the Act and 47 C.F.R. § 51.809.
5.13 Default
5.13.1 If either Party defaults in the payment of any amount due hereunder, or if either
Party violates any other material provision of this Agreement, and such default or violation shall
continue for thirty (30) Days after written notice thereof, the other Party may seek relief in
accordance with the Dispute Resolution provision of this Agreement. The failure of either Party
to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement or the waiver thereof in any instance shall not
be construed as a general waiver or relinquishment on its part of any such provision, but the
same shall, nevertheless, be and remain in full force and effect.
5.14 Disclaimer of Agency
5.14.1 Except for provisions herein expressly authorizing a Party to act for another,
nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a Party as a legal representative or agent of the other
Party, nor shall a Party have the right or authority to assume, create or incur any liability or any
obligation of any kind, express or implied, against or in the name or on behalf of the other Party
unless otherwise expressly permitted by such other Party. Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement, no Party undertakes to perform any obligation of the other Party
whether regulatory or contractual, or to assume any responsibility for the management of the
other Party's business.
5.15 Severability
5.15.1 In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein shall for any
reason be held to be unenforceable or invalid in any respect under law or regulation, the Parties
will negotiate in good faith for replacement language as set forth herein. If any part of this
Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or
unenforceability will affect only the portion of this Agreement which is invalid or unenforceable.
In all other respects, this Agreement will stand as if such invalid or unenforceable provision had
not been a part hereof, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
39

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.16 Nondisclosure
5.16.1 All information, including but not limited to specifications, microfilm, photocopies,
magnetic disks, magnetic tapes, drawings, sketches, models, samples, tools, technical
information, data, employee records, maps, financial reports, and market data, (i) furnished by
one Party to the other Party dealing with business or marketing plans, End User Customer
specific, facility specific, or usage specific information, other than End User Customer
information communicated for the purpose of providing Directory Assistance or publication of
directory database, or (ii) in written, graphic, electromagnetic, or other tangible form and marked
at the time of delivery as "Confidential" or "Proprietary", or (iii) communicated and declared to
the receiving Party at the time of delivery, or by written notice given to the receiving Party within
ten (10) Days after delivery, to be "Confidential" or "Proprietary" (collectively referred to as
"Proprietary Information"), shall remain the property of the disclosing Party. A Party who
receives Proprietary Information via an oral communication may request written confirmation
that the material is Proprietary Information. A Party who delivers Proprietary Information via an
oral communication may request written confirmation that the Party receiving the information
understands that the material is Proprietary Information. Each Party shall have the right to
correct an inadvertent failure to identify information as Proprietary Information by giving written
notification within thirty (30) Days after the information is disclosed. The receiving Party shall
from that time forward, treat such information as Proprietary Information. To the extent
permitted by Applicable Law, either Party may disclose to the other proprietary or confidential
customer, technical or business information.
5.16.2 Upon request by the disclosing Party, the receiving Party shall return all tangible
copies of Proprietary Information, whether written, graphic or otherwise, except that the
receiving Party may retain one copy for archival purposes.
5.16.3 Each Party shall keep all of the other Party's Proprietary Information confidential
and will disclose it on a need to know basis only. Each Party shall use the other Party's
Proprietary Information only in connection with this Agreement and in accordance with
Applicable Law, including but not limited to, 47 U.S.C. § 222. In accordance with Section 222 of
the Act, when either Party receives or obtains Proprietary Information from the other Party for
purposes of providing any Telecommunications Services, that Party shall use such information
only for such purpose, and shall not use such information for its own marketing efforts. Neither
Party shall use the other Party's Proprietary Information for any other purpose except upon such
terms and conditions as may be agreed upon between the Parties in writing. Violations of these
obligations shall subject a Party's employees to disciplinary action up to and including
termination of employment. If either Party loses, or makes an unauthorized disclosure of, the
other Party's Proprietary Information, it will notify such other Party immediately and use
reasonable efforts to retrieve the information.
5.16.4 Unless otherwise agreed, the obligations of confidentiality and non-use set forth
in this Agreement do not apply to such Proprietary Information as:
a) was at the time of receipt already known to the receiving Party free of any
obligation to keep it confidential evidenced by written records prepared prior to delivery
by the disclosing Party; or
b) is or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the receiving Party; or
c) is rightfully received from a third Person having no direct or indirect secrecy or
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
40

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
confidentiality obligation to the disclosing Party with respect to such information; or
d) is independently developed by an employee, agent, or contractor of the
receiving Party which individual is not involved in any manner with the provision of
services pursuant to the Agreement and does not have any direct or indirect access to
the Proprietary Information; or
e) is disclosed to a third Person by the disclosing Party without similar restrictions
on such third Person's rights; or
f) is approved for release by written authorization of the disclosing Party; or
g) is required to be disclosed by the receiving Party pursuant to Applicable Law or
regulation provided that the receiving Party shall give sufficient notice of the requirement
to the disclosing Party to enable the disclosing Party to seek protective orders.
5.16.5 Nothing herein is intended to prohibit a Party from supplying factual information
about its network and Telecommunications Services on or connected to its network to regulatory
agencies including the Federal Communications Commission and the Commission so long as
any confidential obligation is protected. In addition either Party shall have the right to disclose
Proprietary Information to any mediator, arbitrator, state or federal regulatory body, the
Department of Justice or any court in the conduct of any proceeding arising under or relating in
any way to this Agreement or the conduct of either Party in connection with this Agreement,
including without limitation the approval of this Agreement, or in any proceedings concerning the
provision of InterLATA services by Qwest that are or may be required by the Act. The Parties
agree to cooperate with each other in order to seek appropriate protection or treatment of such
Proprietary Information pursuant to an appropriate protective order in any such proceeding.
5.16.6 Effective Date of this Section. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, the Proprietary Information provisions of this Agreement shall apply to all
information furnished by either Party to the other in furtherance of the purpose of this
Agreement, even if furnished before the Effective Date.
5.16.7 Each Party agrees that the disclosing Party could be irreparably injured by a
breach of the confidentiality obligations of this Agreement by the receiving Party or its
representatives and that the disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, including
injunctive relief and specific performance in the event of any breach of the confidentiality
provisions of this Agreement. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies
for a breach of the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement, but shall be in addition to all
other remedies available at law or in equity.
5.16.8 Nothing herein should be construed as limiting either Party's rights with respect
to its own Proprietary Information or its obligations with respect to the other Party's Proprietary
Information under Section 222 of the Act.
5.16.9 Forecasts provided by either Party to the other Party shall be deemed
Confidential Information and the Parties may not distribute, disclose or reveal, in any form, this
material other than as allowed and described in subsections 5.16.9.1 and 5.16.9.2.
5.16.9.1 The Parties may disclose, on a need to know basis only, CLEC individual
forecasts and forecasting information disclosed by Qwest, to Qwest's legal personnel in
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
41

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
connection with their representation of Qwest in any dispute regarding the quality or
timeliness of the forecast as it relates to any reason for which CLEC provided it to Qwest
under this Agreement, as well as to CLEC's wholesale account managers, wholesale LIS
and Collocation product managers, network and growth planning personnel responsible
for preparing or responding to such forecasts or forecasting information. In no case shall
retail marketing, sales or strategic planning have access to this forecasting information.
The Parties will inform all of the aforementioned personnel with access to such
Confidential Information, of its confidential nature and will require personnel to execute a
nondisclosure agreement which states that, upon threat of termination, the
aforementioned personnel may not reveal or discuss such information with those not
authorized to receive it except as specifically authorized by law. Violations of these
requirements shall subject the personnel to disciplinary action up to and including
termination of employment.
5.16.9.1.1 Upon the specific order of the Commission, Qwest may provide
the forecast information that CLEC has made available to Qwest under this
Agreement, provided that Qwest shall first initiate any procedures necessary to
protect the confidentiality and to prevent the public release of the information
pending any applicable Commission procedures and further provided that Qwest
provides such notice as the Commission directs to CLEC involved, in order to
allow it to prosecute such procedures to their completion.
5.16.9.2 The Parties shall maintain confidential forecasting information in secure
files and locations such that access to the forecasts is limited to the personnel
designated in subsection 5.16.9.1 above and such that no other personnel have
computer access to such information.
5.17 Survival
5.17.1 Any liabilities or obligations of a Party for acts or omissions prior to the
termination of this Agreement, and any obligation of a Party under the provisions regarding
indemnification, Confidential or Proprietary Information, limitations of liability, and any other
provisions of this Agreement which, by their terms, are contemplated to survive (or to be
performed after) termination of this Agreement, shall survive cancellation or termination hereof.
5.18 Dispute Resolution
5.18.1 The Parties will attempt in good faith to resolve through negotiation any dispute,
claim or controversy arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement. Either Party may give written
notice to the other Party of any dispute not resolved in the normal course of business. Each
Party will within seven (7) Days after delivery of the written notice of dispute, designate a vice-
president level employee or a representative with authority to make commitments to review,
meet, and negotiate, in good faith, to resolve the dispute. The Parties intend that these
negotiations be conducted by non-lawyer, business representatives, and the locations, format,
frequency, duration, and conclusions of these discussions will be at the discretion of the
representatives. By mutual agreement, the representatives may use other procedures to assist
in these negotiations. The discussions and correspondence among the representatives for the
purposes of these negotiations will be treated as Confidential Information (Confidential
Information) developed for purposes of settlement, and will be exempt from discovery and
production, and not be admissible in any subsequent proceedings without the concurrence of
both Parties.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
42

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.18.2 If the designated representatives have not reached a resolution of the dispute
within fifteen (15) Days after the written notice (or such longer period as agreed to in writing by
the Parties), then either Party may commence a civil action or regulatory proceeding, as
applicable. Unless the action falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal
Communications Commission or the state Public Utilities Commission, any action will be
brought in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado if it has subject matter
jurisdiction over the action, and shall otherwise be brought in the Denver District Court for the
State of Colorado. The Parties agree that such courts have personal jurisdiction over them.
5.18.3 Waiver of Jury Trial and Class Action. Each Party, to the extent permitted by
law, knowingly, voluntarily, and intentionally waives its right to a trial by jury and any right to
pursue any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement on a class or consolidated
basis or in a representative capacity.
5.18.4 No cause of action, including disputes raised pursuant to Section 5.4.4,
regardless of the form, arising out of or relating to this Agreement, may be brought by either
Party more than two (2) years after the cause of action arises.
5.19 Controlling Law
5.19.1 This Agreement is offered by Qwest and accepted by CLEC in accordance with
applicable federal law and the state law of Nebraska It shall be interpreted solely in
accordance with applicable federal law and the state law of Nebraska.
5.20 Responsibility for Environmental Contamination
5.20.1 Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any costs whatsoever resulting from
the presence or release of any Environmental Hazard that either Party did not introduce to the
affected Work Location. Both Parties shall defend and hold harmless the other, its officers,
directors and employees from and against any losses, damages, claims, demands, suits,
liabilities, fines, penalties and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that arise out of
or result from (i) any Environmental Hazard that the Indemnifying Party, its contractors or agents
introduce to the Work Locations or (ii) the presence or release of any Environmental Hazard for
which the Indemnifying Party is responsible under Applicable Law.
5.20.2 In the event any suspect materials within Qwest-owned, operated or leased
facilities are identified to be asbestos containing, CLEC will ensure that to the extent any
activities which it undertakes in the facility disturb such suspect materials, such CLEC activities
will be in accordance with applicable local, state and federal environmental and health and
safety statutes and regulations. Except for abatement activities undertaken by CLEC or
equipment placement activities that result in the generation of asbestos-containing material,
CLEC does not have any responsibility for managing, nor is it the owner of, nor does it have any
liability for, or in connection with, any asbestos-containing material. Qwest agrees to
immediately notify CLEC if Qwest undertakes any asbestos control or asbestos abatement
activities that potentially could affect CLEC personnel, equipment or operations, including, but
not limited to, contamination of equipment.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
43

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.21 Notices
5.21.1 Any notices required by or concerning this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be sufficiently given if delivered personally, delivered by prepaid overnight express service,
or sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, or by email where specified in this Agreement
to Qwest and CLEC at the addresses shown below:
Qwest Corporation
Director Interconnection Agreements
1801 California Street, Room 2400
Denver, CO 80202
Email: intagree@qwest.com
Phone: 303-965-3029
Fax: 303-965-3527
With copy to Qwest at the address shown below:
Qwest Law Department
Associate General Counsel, Interconnection
1801 California Street, 10th Floor
Denver, CO 80202
Email: Legal.Interconnection@qwest.com
Phone: 303-383-6553
and with a copy to CLEC at the address shown below:
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Attention: Richard Monto
1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200
Chicago, Illinois 60606
Email: rmonto@neutraltandem.com
Phone: 312-384-8090
Fax: 312-346-3276
If personal delivery is selected to give notice, a receipt acknowledging such delivery must be
obtained. Each Party shall inform the other of any change in the above contact Person and/or
address using the method of notice called for in this Section 5.21.
5.22 Responsibility of Each Party
5.22.1 Each Party is an independent contractor, and has and hereby retains the right to
exercise full control of and supervision over its own performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and retains full control over the employment, direction, compensation and discharge
of all employees assisting in the performance of such obligations. Each Party will be solely
responsible for all matters relating to payment of such employees, including compliance with
social security taxes, withholding taxes and all other regulations governing such matters. Each
Party will be solely responsible for proper handling, storage, transport and disposal at its own
expense of all (i) substances or materials that it or its contractors or agents bring to, create or
assume control over at Work Locations, and (ii) Waste resulting there from or otherwise
generated in connection with its or its contractors' or agents' activities at the Work Locations.
Subject to the limitations on liability and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
44

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
Party shall be responsible for (i) its own acts and performance of all obligations imposed by
Applicable Law in connection with its activities, legal status and property, real or personal, and
(ii) the acts of its own Affiliates, employees, agents and contractors during the performance of
that Party's obligations hereunder.
5.23 No Third Party Beneficiaries
5.23.1 The provisions of this Agreement are for the benefit of the Parties and not for any
other Person. This Agreement will not provide any Person not a Party to this Agreement with
any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, claim of action, or other right in excess of those
existing by reference in this Agreement.
5.24 Intentionally Left Blank
5.25 Publicity
5.25.1 Neither Party shall publish or use any publicity materials with respect to the
execution and delivery or existence of this Agreement without the prior written approval of the
other Party. Nothing in this section shall limit a Party's ability to issue public statements with
respect to regulatory or judicial proceedings.
5.26 Executed in Counterparts
5.26.1 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same
instrument.
5.27 Compliance
5.27.1 Each Party shall comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, rules
and regulations applicable to its performance under this Agreement. Without limiting the
foregoing, Qwest and CLEC agree to keep and maintain in full force and effect all permits,
licenses, certificates, and other authorities needed to perform their respective obligations
hereunder.
5.28 Compliance with the Communications Assistance Law Enforcement Act of
1994
5.28.1 Each Party represents and warrants that any equipment, facilities or services
provided to the other Party under this Agreement comply with the CALEA. Each Party shall
indemnify and hold the other Party harmless from any and all penalties imposed upon the other
Party for such noncompliance and shall at the non-compliant Party's sole cost and expense,
modify or replace any equipment, facilities or services provided to the other Party under this
Agreement to ensure that such equipment, facilities and services fully comply with CALEA.
5.29 Cooperation
5.29.1 The Parties agree that this Agreement involves the provision of Qwest services in
ways such services were not previously available and the introduction of new processes and
procedures to provide and bill such services. Accordingly, the Parties agree to work jointly and
cooperatively in testing and implementing processes for pre-ordering, ordering, maintenance,
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
45

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
Provisioning and Billing and in reasonably resolving issues which result from such
implementation on a timely basis. Electronic processes and procedures are addressed in
Section 12 of this Agreement.
5.30 Amendments
5.30.1 Either Party may request an amendment to this Agreement at any time by
providing to the other Party in writing information about the desired amendment and proposed
language changes. If the Parties have not reached agreement on the requested amendment
within sixty (60) Days after receipt of the request, either Party may pursue resolution of the
amendment through the Dispute Resolution provisions of this Agreement.
5.30.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
5.30.3 The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may
not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the
provisions of this Agreement may not be given without the written consent thereto by both
Parties' authorized representative. No waiver by any party of any default, misrepresentation, or
breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not, will be deemed to extend
to any prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant
hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior or subsequent such
occurrence.
5.31 Entire Agreement
This Agreement (including the documents referred to herein and any amendments to the
Agreement) constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement between the Parties
with regard to the subjects of this Agreement and supersedes any prior understandings,
agreements, or representations by or between the Parties, written or oral, to the extent they
relate in any way to the subjects of this Agreement.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
46

Section 6
Resale
Section 6.0 – RESALE
6.1 Description
6.1.1 Qwest shall offer for resale at wholesale rates any Telecommunications Services
that it provides at retail to subscribers who are not Telecommunications Carriers, subject to the
terms and conditions of this Section. All Qwest retail Telecommunications Services are
available for resale from Qwest pursuant to the Act and will include terms and conditions
(except prices) in Qwest's applicable product Tariffs, catalogs, price lists, or other retail
Telecommunications Services offerings. To the extent, however, that a conflict arises between
the terms and conditions of the Tariff, catalog, price list, or other retail Telecommunications
Services offering and this Agreement, this Agreement shall be controlling.
6.1.2 While this Section 6.0 of this Agreement addresses the provision of certain
Qwest services to CLEC for resale by CLEC, the Parties also acknowledge that CLEC is
required to provide its Telecommunications Services to Qwest for resale by Qwest. Upon
request by Qwest, CLEC shall make its Telecommunications Services available to Qwest for
resale pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, the FCC's
relevant orders and rules, and the Commission's relevant orders and rules.
6.1.3 Certain Qwest services are not available for resale under this Agreement, as
noted in Section 6.2. The applicable discounts for services available for resale are identified in
Exhibit A.
6.2 Terms and Conditions
6.2.1 Qwest shall offer introductory training on procedures that CLEC must use to
access Qwest's OSS at no cost to CLEC. If CLEC asks Qwest personnel to travel to CLEC's
location to deliver training, CLEC will pay Qwest's reasonable travel related expenses. Qwest
may also offer to CLEC other training at reasonable costs.
6.2.2 Services available for resale under this Agreement may be resold only to the
same class of End User Customers to which Qwest sells such services where such restrictions
have been ordered or approved by the Commission. Such restrictions are listed below in this
Section 6.2.2.
6.2.2.1 Promotional offerings of ninety (90) Days or less are available for resale.
Such promotions are available for resale under the same terms and conditions that are
available to Qwest retail End User Customers, with no wholesale discount. Should
Qwest re-offer any promotion for a sequential ninety (90) Day or less promotion period
following the initial ninety (90) Day or less promotion period, then the initial and
subsequent promotion(s) will be available to CLEC for resale with any applicable
wholesale discount.
6.2.2.2 Market trials of ninety (90) days or less are not available for resale.
6.2.2.3 Residential services and telephone assistance plans (TAP), including but
not limited to Lifeline/Link-up and Tribal Lifeline services, are available for resale by
CLEC only to the same class of End User Customers eligible to purchase these services
from Qwest.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
47

Section 6
Resale
6.2.2.3.1 If CLEC is an Eligible Telecommunications Carrier (ETC) it must
secure TAP credits directly from the appropriate federal or state agency(ies) as
Qwest will not collect TAP credits on an ETC's behalf.
6.2.2.3.2 If CLEC is not an ETC and if CLEC wishes to resell TAP services,
CLEC shall certify pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 54.417 that it complies with all FCC
and any applicable state requirements governing TAP programs. CLEC shall
complete and provide such certification to Qwest before CLEC purchases TAP
services for resale, and shall re-certify annually. The certification form and
instructions are provided at Qwest's web site in the Resale General Product
Catalog. Use of the Qwest certification form is mandatory to demonstrate
compliance with the requirements of this Section.
6.2.2.4 Universal Emergency Number Service is not available for resale.
Universal Emergency Number Service (E911/911 service) is provided with each local
Exchange Service line resold by CLEC whenever E911/911 service would be provided
on the same line if provided by Qwest to a Qwest retail End User Customer.
6.2.2.5 Inside wiring maintenance plans are available for resale at Qwest retail
rates with no wholesale discount. Other non-Telecommunications Services such as
inside wiring installation, calling cards and CPE, are not available for resale.
6.2.2.6 Voice messaging service is available for resale at the retail rate with no
discount. Enhanced Services and information services, other than voice messaging, are
not available for resale.
6.2.2.7 Qwest will make retail Contract Service Arrangements (CSA) available for
resale at the wholesale discount rate specified in Exhibit A of this Agreement. All terms
and conditions (except prices) in Qwest's applicable Tariffs, catalogs, price lists, or other
retail Telecommunications Services offerings will apply to resale of CSAs, including early
termination liability. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any obligation of any Qwest
retail End User Customer that early terminates a CSA, including payment of any early
termination charges. Where CLEC seeks to continue serving an End User Customer
presently served through a resold Qwest CSA, but wishes to provide such service
through alternate resale arrangements, Qwest shall provide CLEC the same waivers of
early termination liabilities as it makes to its own End User Customers in similar
circumstances. In any case where it is required to offer such a waiver, Qwest shall be
entitled to apply provisions that provide Qwest substantially the same assurances and
benefits that remained to it under the resold agreement as of the time it is changed.
6.2.2.8 Grandfathered services are available for resale by CLEC to existing End
User Customers of the grandfathered product or service.
6.2.2.9 Centrex terms and conditions related to calculation of charges for, and
Provisioning of common blocks, station lines and optional features will be based on the
Centrex definition of a system and CLEC's serving location.
6.2.2.9.1 Where a common block is applicable, a Centrex system is
defined by a single common block or multiple common blocks for a single CLEC
within a single Central Office switching system. A common block defines the
dialing plan for intercom calling, access to the Public Switched Network and/or
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
48

Section 6
Resale
private facilities, station line and system restrictions and feature access
arrangements and functionality. CLEC may purchase multiple common blocks
within a single Central Office switching system when CLEC requires different
dialing plans, feature access arrangements and station line or system restrictions
within a single system operation. CLEC with multiple common blocks within the
same Central Office Switch may have network access register and private facility
trunk groups aggregated across multiple common blocks. Centrex system based
optional features (i.e., Automatic Route Selection) may not be aggregated across
multiple common blocks. A Centrex system must provide station lines to at least
one (1) location and may provide station lines to multiple locations.
6.2.2.9.2 Centrex station lines are provisioned and charges are calculated
based on serving CLEC's location. A location is defined as the site where Qwest
facilities (cable plant from the serving Central Office Switch) meet CLEC facilities
(inside wire). In a multi-tenant building, Qwest may bring facilities directly to a
single Point of Interconnection with CLEC facilities, typically in a basement
equipment room, which would be considered a single location for this multi-
tenant building. Should Qwest bring service to multiple floors or offices within a
multi-tenant building each floor or office with a separate CLEC facilities
termination point is considered a location. Where CLEC has multiple buildings
within contiguous property (campus), such buildings will be provisioned and billed
as a single location. Contiguous property is defined as property owned or leased
by CLEC and not separated by public thoroughfare, river or railroad rights-of-
way. Property will be considered contiguous when connected via connecting
passageways or conduit acceptable to Qwest for its facilities. Where CLEC has
Centrex station lines from multiple Central Office switching systems, within the
same Qwest Wire Center, and provisioned to the same location, CLEC will not be
charged for service or provisioned as if service was originating from a single
Centrex system. For example, station lines may only be aggregated from a
single CLEC Centrex system to a single CLEC serving location for rating
purposes. CLEC may not specify a Central Office as CLEC’s location for the
termination of Centrex station lines.
6.2.2.10 Private line service used for Special Access is available for resale but not
at a discount.
6.2.2.11 Intentionally Left Blank.
6.2.2.12 Telecommunications Services provided directly to CLEC for its own use
and not resold to End User Customers must be identified by CLEC as such, and CLEC
will pay Qwest retail prices for such services.
6.2.3 Qwest shall provide to CLEC Telecommunications Services for resale that are at
least equal in quality and in substantially the same time and manner that Qwest provides these
services to itself, its subsidiaries, its Affiliates, other Resellers, and Qwest's retail End User
Customers. Qwest shall also provide resold services to CLEC in accordance with the
Commission's retail service quality requirements, if any. Qwest further agrees to reimburse
CLEC for credits or fines and penalties assessed against CLEC as a result of Qwest's failure to
provide service to CLEC, subject to the understanding that any payments made pursuant to this
provision will be an offset and credit toward any other penalties voluntarily agreed to by Qwest
as part of a performance assurance plan, and further subject to the following provisions:
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
49

Section 6
Resale
6.2.3.1 Qwest shall provide service credits to CLEC for resold services in
accordance with the Commission's retail service requirements that apply to Qwest retail
services, if any. Such credits shall be limited in accordance with the following:
a) Qwest's service credits to CLEC shall be subject to the wholesale
discount;
b) Qwest shall only be liable to provide service credits in accordance with
the resold services provided to CLEC. Qwest is not required to provide service
credits for service failures that are the fault of CLEC;
c) Intentionally Left Blank.
d) Intentionally Left Blank.
e) In no case shall Qwest's credits to CLEC exceed the amount Qwest
would pay a Qwest End User Customer under the service quality requirements,
less any wholesale discount applicable to CLEC's resold services; and
f) In no case shall Qwest be required to provide duplicate reimbursement
or payment to CLEC for any service quality failure incident.
6.2.3.2 Fines and Penalties - Qwest shall be liable to pay to CLEC fines and
penalties for resold services in accordance with the Commission's retail service
requirements that apply to Qwest retail services, if any. Such credits shall be limited in
accordance with the following:
a) Qwest's fines and penalties paid to CLEC shall be subject to the
wholesale discount;
b) Qwest shall only be liable to provide fines and penalties in accordance
with the resold services provided to CLEC. Qwest is not required to pay fines
and penalties for service failures that are the fault of CLEC;
c) Intentionally Left Blank.
d) In no case shall Qwest's fines and penalties to CLEC exceed the
amount Qwest would pay the Commission under the service quality plan, less
any wholesale discount applicable to CLEC's resold services; and
e) In no case shall Qwest be required to provide duplicate reimbursement
or payment to CLEC for any service quality failure incident.
6.2.4 In the event that there are existing agreements between CLEC and Qwest for
resale under Qwest retail Tariffs, catalogs, price lists, or other retail Telecommunications
Services offerings, CLEC may elect to continue to obtain services for resale under the existing
agreements and such retail Tariffs, catalogs, price lists, or other retail Telecommunications
Services offerings, or CLEC may elect to terminate such existing agreements and obtain such
services by adopting this Agreement pursuant to the General Terms of this Agreement. If CLEC
so adopts this Agreement, the associated wholesale discount specified in Exhibit A of this
Agreement will apply.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
50

Section 6
Resale
6.2.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
6.2.6 The Parties may not reserve blocks of telephone numbers except as allowed by
Applicable Law or regulation.
6.2.7 Qwest will accept at no charge one (1) primary white pages Directory Listing for
each main telephone number belonging to CLEC's End User Customer based on End User
Customer information provided to Qwest by CLEC. Qwest will place CLEC's End User
Customer's Listings in Qwest's Directory Assistance Database and will include such Listings in
Qwest's Directory Assistance Service. Additional terms and conditions with respect to Directory
Listings are described in the Ancillary Services Section and the Qwest's Official Directory
Publisher Section of this Agreement.
6.2.8 Qwest shall provide to CLEC, for CLEC's End User Customers, E911/911 call
routing to the appropriate Public Safety Answering Point (PSAP). Qwest shall not be
responsible for any failure of CLEC to provide accurate End User Customer information for
listings in any databases in which Qwest is required to retain and/or maintain such information.
Qwest shall provide CLEC's End User Customer information to the Automatic Location
Identification/Database Management System (ALI/DMS). Qwest shall use its standard process
to update and maintain CLEC's End User Customer service information in the ALI/DMS used to
support E911/911 services on the same schedule that it uses for its retail End User Customers.
Qwest assumes no liability for the accuracy of information provided by CLEC.
6.2.9 If Qwest provides and CLEC accepts Qwest's Directory Assistance Service or
operator services for CLEC's resold local Exchange Service lines, such Directory Assistance
and operator services may be provided with branding as provided in this Agreement in Sections
10.5 for Directory Assistance Service, and 10.7 for operator services.
6.2.10 CLEC shall designate the Primary Interexchange Carrier (PIC) assignments on
behalf of its End User Customers for InterLATA and IntraLATA services. CLEC and Qwest shall
follow all Applicable Laws, rules and regulations with respect to PIC changes. Qwest shall
disclaim any liability for CLEC's improper InterLATA and IntraLATA PIC change requests, and
CLEC shall disclaim any liability for Qwest's improper InterLATA (when applicable) and
IntraLATA PIC change requests.
6.2.11 When End User Customers switch from Qwest to CLEC, or to CLEC from any
other Reseller and if they do not change their service address to an address served by a
different Rate Center, such End User Customers shall be permitted to retain their current
telephone numbers if they so desire and if such number retention is not prohibited by Applicable
Laws or regulations for number administration and Local Number Portability (LNP).
6.2.12 In the event Qwest properly terminates the Provisioning of any resold services to
CLEC for any reason, CLEC shall be responsible for providing any and all necessary notice to
its End User Customers of the termination. In no case shall Qwest be responsible for providing
such notice to CLEC's End User Customers. Qwest will provide notice to CLEC of Qwest's
termination of a resold service on a timely basis consistent with Commission rules and notice
requirements.
6.2.13 The underlying network provider of a resold service shall be entitled to receive,
from the purchaser of Switched Access, the appropriate access charges pursuant to its then
effective Switched Access Tariff.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
51

Section 6
Resale
6.2.14 Resold services are available where facilities currently exist and are capable of
providing such services without construction of additional facilities or enhancement of existing
facilities. However, if CLEC requests that facilities be constructed or enhanced to provide
resold services, Qwest will construct facilities to the extent necessary to satisfy its obligations to
provide basic local Exchange Service as set forth in Qwest's retail Tariffs, catalogs, price lists,
or other retail Telecommunications Services offerings and Commission rules. Under such
circumstances, Qwest will develop and provide to CLEC a price quotation for the construction.
Construction charges associated with resold services will be applied in the same manner that
construction charges apply to Qwest retail End User Customers. If the quotation is accepted by
CLEC, CLEC will be billed the quoted price and construction will commence after receipt of
payment.
6.3 Rates and Charges
6.3.1 Wholesale discounts for resold Telecommunications Services offerings are
provided in Exhibit A. The Telecommunications Services offerings available for resale but
excluded from the wholesale pricing arrangement in the Agreement are available at the retail
Tariff, price list, catalog, or other retail Telecommunications Services offering rates.
Telecommunications Services available for resale with or without a wholesale discount are
subject to Commission-approved change, and any such changes shall apply from the effective
date of such change on a going-forward basis only.
6.3.2 The Customer Transfer Charges (CTC) as specified in Exhibit A apply when
transferring services to CLEC.
6.3.3 A Subscriber Line Charge (SLC), or any subsequent federally mandated charge
to End User Customers, will continue to be paid by CLEC without discount for each local
exchange line resold under this Agreement. All federal and state rules and regulations
associated with SLC as found in the applicable Qwest Tariffs, catalogs, price lists, or other retail
Telecommunications Services offerings also apply.
6.3.4 CLEC will pay to Qwest the Primary Interexchange Carrier (PIC) change charge
without discount for CLEC End User Customer changes of Interexchange or IntraLATA Carriers.
Any change in CLEC's End User Customer's Interexchange or IntraLATA Carrier must be
requested by CLEC on behalf of its End User Customer, and Qwest will not accept changes to
CLEC's End User Customer's Interexchange or IntraLATA Carrier(s) from anyone other than
CLEC.
6.3.5 CLEC agrees to pay Qwest when its End User Customer activates any services
or features that are billed on a per use or per activation basis (e.g., continuous redial, last call
return, call back calling, call trace) subject to the applicable discount in Exhibit A as such may
be amended pursuant to this Section. With respect to all such charges, Qwest shall provide
CLEC with sufficient information to enable CLEC to bill its End User Customers.
6.3.6 Miscellaneous Charges applicable to services ordered for resale by CLEC will
apply if such Miscellaneous Charges apply for equivalent services ordered by Qwest retail End
User Customers, except that CLEC will receive any applicable wholesale discount. Such
Miscellaneous Charges include charges listed in the applicable Qwest Tariffs, catalogs, price
lists, or other retail Telecommunications Services offerings.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
52

Section 6
Resale
6.3.7 If the Commission orders additional services to be available for resale, Qwest will
revise Exhibit A to incorporate the services added by such order into this Agreement, effective
on the date ordered by the Commission. If the Commission indicates those additional services
must be available for resale at wholesale discount rates, those additional services will be added
to this Agreement at the original Agreement wholesale discount rate.
6.3.8 Qwest shall timely bill new or changed Commission-ordered resale rates or
charges using the effective date for such rates or charges as ordered by the Commission. If
Qwest bills CLEC amounts different from new or changed rates or charges after the effective
date of such rates or charges, Qwest shall make appropriate bill adjustments or provide
appropriate bill credits on CLEC's bill(s).
6.3.9 If rates for services resold by CLEC under this Agreement change, based on
changes in Qwest's Tariffs, catalogs, price lists or other retail Telecommunications Services
offerings, charges billed to CLEC for such services will be based upon the new Tariff, catalogs,
price lists, or other retail Telecommunications Services offerings rates less the applicable
wholesale discount, if any, as agreed to herein or as established by Commission order. The
new rate will be effective upon the effective date of the Tariff, catalog, price list, or other retail
Telecommunications Services offerings.
6.3.10 Product-specific nonrecurring charges as set forth in Qwest's applicable Tariffs,
catalogs, price lists, or other retail Telecommunications Services offerings will apply when new
or additional resold services are ordered and installed at CLEC's request for use by CLEC's End
User Customers. Such nonrecurring charges will be subject to the wholesale discount, if any,
that applies to the underlying service being added or changed.
6.4 Ordering Process
6.4.1 CLEC, or CLEC's agent, shall act as the single point of contact for its End User
Customers' service needs, including without limitation, sales, service design, order taking,
Provisioning, change orders, training, maintenance, trouble reports, repair, post-sale servicing,
Billing, collection and inquiry. CLEC's End User Customers contacting Qwest in error will be
instructed to contact CLEC; and Qwest's End User Customers contacting CLEC in error will be
instructed to contact Qwest. In responding to calls, neither Party shall make disparaging
remarks about each other. To the extent the correct provider can be determined, misdirected
calls received by either Party will be referred to the proper provider of local Exchange Service;
however, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prohibit Qwest or CLEC from discussing
its products and services with CLEC's or Qwest's End User Customers who call the other Party
seeking such information.
6.4.2 CLEC shall transmit to Qwest all information necessary for the ordering (Billing,
Directory Listing and other information), installation, repair, maintenance and post-installation
servicing according to Qwest's standard procedures, as described in the Qwest Product Catalog
(PCAT) available on Qwest's public web site located at http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/pcat.
Information shall be provided using Qwest's designated Local Service Request (LSR) format
which may include the LSR, End User Customer and resale forms.
6.4.3 Qwest will use the same performance standards and criteria for installation,
Provisioning, maintenance, and repair of services provided to CLEC for resale under this
Agreement as Qwest provides to itself, its Affiliates, its subsidiaries, other Resellers, and Qwest
retail End User Customers. The installation, Provisioning, maintenance, and repair processes
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
53

Section 6
Resale
for CLEC's resale service requests are detailed in the Access to OSS Section of this
Agreement, and are applicable whether CLEC's resale service requests are submitted via
Operational Support System or by facsimile.
6.4.4 CLEC is responsible for providing to Qwest complete and accurate End User
Customer Directory Listing information including initial and updated information for Directory
Assistance Service, white pages directories, and E911/911 Emergency Services. The Ancillary
Services Section of this Agreement contains complete terms and conditions for Directory
Listings for Directory Assistance Services, white pages directories, and E911/911 Emergency
Services.
6.4.5 If Qwest's retail End User Customer, or the End User Customer's New Service
Provider orders the discontinuance of the End User Customer's existing Qwest service in
anticipation of the End User Customer moving to a New Service Provider, Qwest will render its
closing bill to the End User Customer, discontinuing Billing as of the date of the discontinuance
of Qwest's service to the End User Customer. If the Current Service Provider, or if the End User
Customer's New Service Provider orders the discontinuance of existing resold service from the
Current Service Provider, Qwest will bill the Current Service Provider for service through the
date the End User Customer receives resold service from the Current Service Provider. Qwest
will notify CLEC by Operational Support System interface, facsimile, or by other agreed-upon
processes when an End User Customer moves from the Current Service Provider to a New
Service Provider. Qwest will not provide the Current Service Provider with the name of the New
Service Provider selected by the End User Customer.
6.4.6 CLEC shall provide Qwest and Qwest shall provide CLEC with points of contact
for order entry, problem resolution and repair of the resold services. These points of contact will
be identified for both CLEC and Qwest in the event special attention is required on a service
request.
6.4.7 Prior to placing orders on behalf of the End User Customer, CLEC shall be
responsible for obtaining and having in its possession Proof of Authorization (POA), as set forth
in the POA Section of this Agreement.
6.4.8 Due Date intervals for CLEC's resale service requests are established when
service requests are received by Qwest through Operational Support Systems or by facsimile.
Intervals provided to CLEC shall be equivalent to intervals provided by Qwest to itself, its
Affiliates, its subsidiaries, other Resellers, and to Qwest's retail End User Customers.
6.5 Billing
6.5.1 Qwest shall bill CLEC and CLEC shall be responsible for all applicable charges
for the resold services as provided herein. CLEC shall also be responsible for all Tariffed,
cataloged, price listed, and other retail Telecommunications Services offerings charges and
charges separately identified in this Agreement associated with services that CLEC resells to an
End User Customer under this Agreement.
6.5.2 Qwest shall provide CLEC, on a monthly basis, within seven (7) to ten (10) Days
of the last day of the most recent Billing period, in an agreed upon standard electronic Billing
format as detailed in Section 12.2.5, Billing information including (1) a summary bill, and (2)
individual End User Customer sub-account information consistent with the samples available for
CLEC review.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
54

Section 6
Resale
6.6 Maintenance and Repair
6.6.1 Qwest will maintain its facilities and equipment used to provide CLEC resold
services. CLEC or its End User Customers may not rearrange, move, disconnect or attempt to
repair Qwest's facilities or equipment, including facilities or equipment that may terminate or be
located at CLEC's End User Customer's premises, other than by connection or disconnection to
any interface between Qwest and the End User Customer's facilities, without the written consent
of Qwest.
6.6.2 Maintenance and Repair procedures are detailed in Section 12. Access to
telephone numbers and Dialing Parity are discussed in Sections 13 and 14 respectively.
6.6.3 CLEC and Qwest will employ the procedures for handling misdirected repair calls
as specified in Section 12.3.8 of this Agreement.
6.7 Commingling of Resold Services with Unbundled Network Elements and
Combinations of Unbundled Network Elements
6.7.1 To the extent it is Technically Feasible and pursuant to the terms of Section 9.1,
CLEC may Commingle Telecommunications Services purchased on a resale basis with an
Unbundled Network Element or combination of Unbundled Network Elements.
6.7.1.1 Services are available for Commingling only in the manner in which they
are provided in Qwest's applicable product Tariffs, catalogs, price lists, or other
Telecommunications Services offerings.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
55

Section 7
Interconnection
Section 7.0 – INTERCONNECTION:
7.1 Interconnection Facility Options
7.1.1 This Section describes the Interconnection of Qwest's network and CLEC's
network for the purpose of exchanging Exchange Service (EAS/Local traffic), IntraLATA LEC
Toll and Jointly Provided Switched Access traffic. Intercarrier traffic exchange will be mutual
and reciprocal and all traffic exchanged between the Parties must be provisioned pursuant to
this Agreement. A Party that has interconnected or gained access under sections 251 (a) (1),
251 (c)(2), or 251 (c)(3) of the Act, may offer information services through the same
arrangement, so long as it is offering Telecommunications Services through the same
arrangement(s) as well. Enhanced or information service providers (providers or “Information
Services” as that term is defined in 47 U.S.C. § 153 (20)) that do not also provide domestic or
international telecommunications are not Telecommunications Carriers as defined by the Act
and thus may not interconnect under this Agreement. Qwest will provide Interconnection at any
Technically Feasible point within its network, including but not limited to, (i) the Line Side of a
local Switch (i.e., local switching); (ii) the Trunk Side of a local Switch, (iii) the trunk connection
points for a Tandem Switch, (iv) Central Office Cross Connection points, (v) out-of-band
Signaling Transfer Points necessary to exchange traffic at these points and access call-related
databases, and (vi) points of access to Unbundled Network Elements. Section 9 of this
Agreement describes Interconnection at points (i), (iv), (v), and (vi), although some aspects of
these Interconnection points are described in Section 7. "Interconnection" is as described in the
Act and refers, in this Section of the Agreement, to the connection between networks for the
purpose of transmission and routing of Telephone Exchange Service traffic and IntraLATA LEC
Toll traffic at points (ii) and (iii) described above. Interconnection, which Qwest currently names
"Local Interconnection Service" (LIS), is provided for the purpose of connecting End Office
Switches to End Office Switches or End Office Switches to local or Access Tandem Switches for
the exchange of Exchange Service (EAS/Local traffic); or End Office Switches to Access
Tandem Switches for the exchange of IntraLATA LEC Toll or Jointly Provided Switched Access
traffic. Qwest Tandem Switch to CLEC Tandem Switch connections will be provided where
Technically Feasible. New or continued Qwest local Tandem Switch to Qwest Access Tandem
Switch and Qwest Access Tandem Switch to Qwest Access Tandem Switch connections are
not required where Qwest can demonstrate that such connections present a risk of Switch
exhaust and that Qwest does not make similar use of its network to transport the local calls of
its own or any Affiliate's End User Customers.
7.1.1.1 Qwest will provide to CLEC Interconnection at least equal in quality to
that provided to itself, to any subsidiary, Affiliate, or any other party to which it provides
Interconnection. Notwithstanding specific language in other sections of this Agreement,
all provisions of this Agreement regarding Interconnection are subject to this
requirement. Qwest will provide Interconnection under rates, terms and conditions that
are just, reasonable and non-discriminatory. In addition, Qwest shall comply with all
state wholesale and retail service quality requirements.
7.1.1.2 CLEC is permitted to utilize LIS trunks to terminate VoIP traffic under this
Agreement only pursuant to the same rules that apply to traffic from all other end users,
including the requirement that the VoIP Provider POP must be in the same local calling
area as the called party. CLEC may not use LIS trunks solely to exchange VoIP traffic.
CLEC agrees to allow Qwest to conduct operational verification audits of those network
elements controlled by CLEC and to work cooperatively with Qwest to conduct an
operational verification audit of any other provider that CLEC used to originate, route and
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
56

Section 7
Interconnection
transport VoIP traffic that is delivered to Qwest, as well as to make available any
supporting documentation and records in order to ensure CLEC’s compliance with this
definition. Qwest shall have the right to redefine this traffic as Switched Access in the
event of an “operational verification audit failure”. An “operational verification audit
failure” is defined as: (a) Qwest’s inability to conduct a post-provisioning operational
verification audit due to insufficient cooperation by CLEC or CLEC’s other providers, or
(b) a determination by Qwest in a post-provisioning operational verification audit that the
CLEC or CLEC’s end-user customers are not originating calls in a manner consistent
with this definition.
7.1.1.3 Prior to using Local Interconnection Service trunks to terminate VoIP
traffic, CLEC certifies that the (a) types of equipment VoIP end-users will use are
consistent with the origination of VoIP calls as defined in Section 4 of this Agreement,
and (b) types of configurations that VoIP end-users will use to originate calls using IP
technology are consistent with the configuration as defined in Section 4 of this
Agreement.
7.1.2 Methods of Interconnection
The Parties will negotiate the facilities arrangement used to interconnect their respective
networks. CLEC shall establish at least one (1) physical Point of Interconnection in Qwest
territory in each LATA CLEC has local End User Customers. CLEC represents and warrants
that it is serving End User Customers physically located within each local calling area for which
it wishes to exchange traffic within Qwest territory. The Parties shall establish, through
negotiations, at least one (1) of the following Interconnection arrangements, at any Technically
Feasible point: (1) a DS1 or DS3 Qwest-provided facility; (2) Collocation; (3) negotiated Mid-
Span Meet POI facilities; or (4) other Technically Feasible methods of Interconnection via the
Bona Fide Request (BFR) process unless a particular arrangement has been previously
provided to a third party, or is offered by Qwest as a product
7.1.2.1 Qwest-provided Facility. Interconnection may be accomplished through
the provision of a DS1 or DS3 Entrance Facility of CLEC's determination. An Entrance
Facility extends from the Qwest Serving Wire Center to CLEC's Switch location or any
Technically Feasible POI chosen by CLEC. Qwest-provided Entrance Facilities may not
extend beyond the area served by the Qwest Serving Wire Center. The rates for Qwest-
provided Entrance Facilities are provided in Exhibit A. Qwest's private line transport
service is available as an alternative to Qwest-provided Entrance Facilities, when CLEC
uses such private line transport service for multiple services. Entrance Facilities may not
be used for Interconnection with Unbundled Network Elements.
7.1.2.2 Collocation. Interconnection may be accomplished through the
Collocation arrangements offered by Qwest. The terms and conditions under which
Collocation will be available are described in Section 8 of this Agreement.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
57

Section 7
Interconnection
7.1.2.2.1 Expanded Interconnection Channel Termination (EICT) provides
the communication path that actually connects the physical space or in the case
of virtual collocation, the designated equipment to Qwest's direct trunked
transport and must be ordered to provision LIS to a collocation.
7.1.2.3 Mid-Span Meet POI. A Mid-Span Meet POI is a negotiated Point of
Interface, limited to the Interconnection of facilities between the Qwest Serving Wire
Center location and the location of the CLEC switch or other equipment located within
the area served by the Qwest Serving Wire Center. The actual physical Point of
Interface and facilities used will be subject to negotiations between the Parties. Each
Party will be responsible for its portion of the build to the Mid-Span Meet POI. CLEC
may not use remaining capability in an existing Mid-Span Meet POI to gain access to
Unbundled Network Elements. These Mid-Span Meet POIs will consist of facilities used
for the exchange of traffic and joint provisioning of Telecommunications Services to End
User Customers and other Telecommunications Carriers.
7.1.2.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
7.1.2.5 Qwest agrees to provide local Interconnection trunk diversity to the same
extent it does so in Qwest's local network.
7.2 Exchange of Traffic
7.2.1 Description
7.2.1.1 This Section 7.2 addresses the exchange of traffic between CLEC's
network and Qwest's network. Where either Party interconnects and delivers traffic to
the other from third parties, each Party shall bill such third parties the appropriate
charges pursuant to its respective Tariffs or contractual offerings for such third party
terminations. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties, via an amendment to this
Agreement, the Parties will directly exchange traffic between their respective networks
without the use of third party transit providers.
7.2.1.2 The traffic types to be exchanged under this Agreement include:
7.2.1.2.1 EAS/local Exchange Service (EAS/Local) traffic as defined in
this Agreement.
7.2.1.2.2 IntraLATA LEC Toll traffic as defined in this Agreement.
7.2.1.2.3 Jointly Provided Switched Access traffic as described in Section
7.5.1. Jointly Provided Switched Access is associated with Meet-Point Billing.
7.2.1.2.4 For purposes of the Agreement, Transit Service does not
include traffic carried by Interexchange Carriers. That traffic is defined as Jointly
Provided Switched Access. Transit Service is provided by Qwest, as a local and
Access Tandem Switch provider, to CLEC to enable the completion of calls
originated by or terminated to end users of another Telecommunications Carrier
which is connected to Qwest's Switches. To the extent that CLEC's Switch
functions as a local or Access Tandem Switch, as defined in this Agreement,
CLEC may also provide transit service to Qwest.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
58

Section 7
Interconnection
7.2.1.2.5 Traffic having special Billing or trunking requirements includes,
but is not limited to, the following:
a) Directory Assistance;
b) 911/E911;
c) Operator Busy Line Verify/Busy Line Interrupt;
d) Toll Free Services; and
e) ISP-Bound traffic.
7.2.2 Terms and Conditions
7.2.2.1 Transport and Termination of Exchange Service (EAS/Local) Traffic
7.2.2.1.1 Exchange Service (EAS/Local) traffic will be terminated as Local
Interconnection Service (LIS).
7.2.2.1.2 As negotiated between the Parties, the transport of Exchange
Service (EAS/Local) traffic may occur in several ways:
7.2.2.1.2.1 One-way or two-way trunk groups may be established.
However, if either Party elects to provision its own one-way trunks for
delivery of Exchange Service (EAS/Local) traffic to be terminated on the
other Party's network, the ordering Party will provision its own one-way
trunks. The Party ordering one-way trunks will choose the POI location
for such one-way trunks.
7.2.2.1.2.2 CLEC may purchase transport services from Qwest or
from a third party, including a third party that has leased the private line
transport service facility from Qwest. Such transport provides a facility for
the LIS trunk to be provisioned in order to deliver the originating Party's
Exchange Service EAS/Local traffic to the terminating Party's End Office
Switch or Tandem Switch for call termination. Transport may be
purchased from Qwest as Tandem Switch routed (i.e., tandem switching,
tandem transmission and direct trunked transport) or direct routed (i.e.,
direct trunked transport). This Section is not intended to alter either
Party's obligation under Section 251(a) of the Act.
7.2.2.1.3 When either Party utilizes the other Party's Tandem Switch for
the exchange of local traffic, where there is a DS1's worth of traffic (512 CCS)
between the originating Party's End Office Switch delivered to the other Party's
Tandem Switch for delivery to one (1) of the other Party's End Office Switches,
the originating Party will order a direct trunk group to the other Party's End Office
Switch. To the extent that CLEC has established a Collocation arrangement at a
Qwest End Office Switch location, and has available capacity, CLEC may, at its
sole option, provide two-way direct trunk facilities from that End Office Switch to
CLEC's Switch.
7.2.2.1.4 LIS ordered to a Tandem Switch will be provided as direct
trunked transport between the Serving Wire Center of CLEC's POI and the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
59

Section 7
Interconnection
Tandem Switch. Tandem transmission rates, as specified in Exhibit A of this
Agreement, will apply to the transport provided from the Tandem Switch to
Qwest's End Office Switch.
7.2.2.1.5 If direct trunked transport is greater than fifty (50) miles in
length, and existing facilities are not available in either Party's network, and the
Parties have not been able to resolve the issue through Mid-Span Meet
arrangements, and the Parties cannot agree as to which Party will provide the
facility, the Parties may bring the matter before the Commission for resolution on
an Individual Case Basis.
7.2.2.1.6 Regardless of the number of Location Routing Numbers (LRNs)
used by CLEC in a LATA, Qwest will route traffic destined for CLEC's End User
Customers via direct trunking where direct trunking has been established. In the
event that direct trunking has not been established, such traffic shall be routed
via a Qwest Tandem Switch.
7.2.2.2 IntraLATA LEC Toll Traffic
7.2.2.2.1 One-way or two-way trunk groups may be established.
However, if either Party elects to provision its own one-way trunks for delivery of
IntraLATA LEC Toll traffic to be terminated on the other Party's network, the
ordering Party will provision its own one-way trunks. The Party ordering one-way
trunks will choose the POI location for such one-way trunks. IntraLATA LEC Toll
traffic shall be delivered to Qwest at the Access Tandem Switch or via separate
trunks to Qwest's End Office Switch(es), as designated by CLEC.
7.2.2.3 Transit Traffic
7.2.2.3.1 Qwest will accept traffic originated by CLEC’s network and/or its
end user(s) for termination to other Telecommunications Carrier’s network and/or
its end users that is connected to Qwest's Switch. Qwest will also terminate
traffic from these other Telecommunications Carriers’ network and/or its end
users to CLEC’s network and/or its end users. For purposes of the Agreement,
transit traffic does not include traffic carried by Interexchange Carriers. That
traffic is defined as Jointly Provided Switched Access.
7.2.2.3.2 The Parties involved in transporting transit traffic will deliver calls
to each involved network with CCS/SS7 protocol and the appropriate ISUP/TCAP
messages to facilitate full Interoperability and Billing functions.
7.2.2.3.3 The originating company is responsible for payment of
appropriate rates to the transit company and to the terminating company. The
Parties agree to enter into traffic exchange agreements with third party
Telecommunications Carriers prior to delivering traffic to be transited to third
party Telecommunications Carriers. In the event one Party originates traffic that
transits the second Party’s network to reach a third party Telecommunications
Carrier with whom the originating Party does not have a traffic exchange
agreement, then the originating Party will indemnify, defend and hold harmless
the second Party against any and all charges levied by such third party
Telecommunications Carrier, including any termination charges related to such
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
60

Section 7
Interconnection
traffic and any attorneys fees and expenses. In the case of IntraLATA LEC Toll
traffic where Qwest is the designated IntraLATA Toll provider for existing LECs,
Qwest will be responsible for payment of appropriate usage rates.
7.2.2.3.4 When Qwest receives an unqueried call from CLEC to a
telephone number that has been ported to another local services provider, the
transit rate will apply in addition to any query rates.
7.2.2.3.5 In the case of a transit call that terminates in the Local Calling
Area but in a different state than the call originated, and the CLEC does not have
an agreement with Qwest in the state where the transit call terminated, CLEC
must execute an agreement for that state if it is a state served by Qwest. In the
absence of a second agreement, the transit rate in Exhibit A of this Agreement
will be billed to the CLEC.
7.2.2.4 Jointly Provided Switched Access. The Parties will use industry
standards developed and routing based on the LERG to handle the Provisioning and
Billing of Jointly Provided Switched Access (MECAB, MECOD, and the Parties' FCC and
state access Tariffs). Each Party will bill the IXC the appropriate portion of its Switched
Access rates. Qwest will also provide the one-time notification to CLEC of the billing
name, billing address and Carrier identification codes of the IXCs subtending any
Access Tandem Switches to which CLEC directly connects. This type of traffic is
discussed separately in this Section.
7.2.2.5 Interface Code Availability. Supervisory signaling specifications, and the
applicable network channel interface codes for LIS trunks can be found in the Qwest
Technical Publication for Local Interconnection Service 77398.
7.2.2.6 Signaling Options
7.2.2.6.1 SS7 Out-of-Band Signaling. SS7 Out-of-Band Signaling must
be requested on orders for LIS trunks. Common Channel Signaling Access
Capability Service may be obtained under Qwest Intrastate and/or FCC Access
Tariffs or from a third party signaling provider. Each of the Parties, Qwest and
CLEC, will provide for Interconnection of their signaling network for the mutual
exchange of signaling information in accordance with the industry standards as
described in Telcordia documents, including but not limited to GR-905 CORE,
GR-954 CORE, GR-394 CORE and Qwest Technical Publication 77342.
7.2.2.6.2 Clear Channel Capability. Clear Channel Capability (64CCC)
permits 24 DS0-64 Kbps services or 1.536 Mbps of information on the 1.544
Mbps/s line rate. 64CCC is available for LIS trunks equipped with SS7 Out-of-
Band Signaling. 64CCC must be requested on the order for new LIS trunks.
Qwest will provide CLEC with a listing of Qwest Switches fully capable of routing
64CCC traffic through the Qwest web site: http://www.qwest.com/disclosures.
Where available to Qwest, Qwest will provide CLEC with the same 64CCC on an
alternate route or if necessary via an overlay network.
7.2.2.7 Measurement of terminating Local Interconnection Service (LIS) minutes
begins when the terminating LIS entry Switch receives answer supervision from the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
61

Section 7
Interconnection
called End User Customer's End Office Switch indicating the called End User Customer
has answered. The measurement of terminating call usage over LIS trunks ends when
the terminating LIS entry Switch receives disconnect supervision from either the called
End User Customer's End Office Switch, indicating the called End User Customer has
disconnected, or CLEC's Point of Interconnection, whichever is recognized first by the
entry Switch. This is commonly referred to as "conversation time." The Parties will only
charge for actual minutes of use and/or fractions thereof of completed calls. Minutes of
use are aggregated at the end of the Billing cycle by End Office Switch and rounded to
the nearest whole minute.
7.2.2.8 LIS Forecasting
7.2.2.8.1 Both CLEC and Qwest shall work in good faith to define a
mutually agreed upon forecast of LIS trunking.
7.2.2.8.2 Both Parties shall participate in semi-annual joint planning
meetings to establish trunk design and Provisioning requirements. The Parties
agree to provide mutual trunk forecast information to ensure End User Customer
call completion between the Parties' networks. Such forecasts shall be for LIS
trunking that impacts the Switch capacity and facilities of each Party. Qwest
shall provide CLEC trunk group specific projections to CLEC on or before the
date of the joint planning meeting.
7.2.2.8.3 Switch capacity growth requiring the addition of new switching
modules may require six (6) months for ordering and installation. To align with
the timeframe needed to provide for the requested facilities, including
engineering, ordering, installation and make ready activities, for capacity growth
Qwest will utilize CLEC's semi-annual forecasts and near-term demand
submitted on Unforecast Demand Notification Forms to ensure availability of
Switch capacity.
7.2.2.8.4 The forecast will identify trunking requirements for a two (2) year
period.
7.2.2.8.5 Both Parties will follow the forecasting and Provisioning
requirements of this Agreement for the appropriate sizing of trunks, and use of
direct End Office Switch versus Tandem Switch routing. See Section 7.2.2.1.3.
7.2.2.8.6 Intentionally Left Blank
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
62

Section 7
Interconnection
7.2.2.8.7 Joint planning meetings will be used to bring clarity to the
forecasting process. Each Party will provide adequate information associated
with the Qwest LIS Trunk Forecast Forms in addition to its forecasts. During the
joint planning meetings, both Parties shall provide information on major network
projects anticipated for the following year that may impact the other Party's
forecast or Interconnection requirements. No later than two (2) weeks prior to
the joint planning meetings, the Parties shall exchange information to facilitate
the planning process. Qwest shall provide CLEC a report reflecting then current
spare capacity at each Qwest Switch that may impact the Interconnection traffic.
Qwest shall also provide a report reflecting then current blocking of local direct
and alternate final trunk groups, Interconnection and non-Interconnection alike.
CLEC will be provided Interconnection trunk group data on its own trunks. Qwest
shall also provide a report reflecting Tandem Switch routed Interconnection
trunking that has exceeded 512BHCCS. The information is Proprietary, provided
under non-disclosure and is to be used solely for Interconnection network
planning.
7.2.2.8.8 In addition to the above information, CLEC shall provide:
a) Completed Qwest LIS Trunk Forecast Forms; and
b) Any planned use of an alternate Tandem Switch provider.
7.2.2.8.9 In addition to the above information, the following information
will be available through the Local Exchange Routing Guide or the
Interconnections (ICONN) Database. The LERG is available through Telcordia.
ICONN is available through the Qwest web site.
a) Qwest Tandem Switches and Qwest End Office Switches (LERG);
b) CLLI codes (LERG);
c) Business/Residence line counts (ICONN);
d) Switch type (LERG or ICONN); and
e) Current and planned Switch generics (ICONN).
Qwest will notify CLEC six (6) months prior to LERG amendment, the anticipation
of a new local Tandem Switch.
7.2.2.8.10 Qwest network disclosure of deployment information for specific
technical capabilities (e.g., ISDN deployment, 64 CCC, etc.) shall be provided on
Qwest's web site, http://www.qwest.com/disclosures.
7.2.2.8.11 When appropriate, Qwest will notify CLEC through the Qwest
Trunk Group Servicing Request (TGSR) process of the need to take action and
place orders in accordance with the forecasted trunk requirements. CLEC shall
respond to the TGSR within ten (10) business days of receipt.
7.2.2.8.12 The following terms shall apply to the forecasting process:
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
63

Section 7
Interconnection
7.2.2.8.12.1 CLEC forecasts may be provided to Qwest as
detailed in Qwest's Trunk Forecast Form;
7.2.2.8.12.2 CLEC forecasts provided to Qwest, information
provided by CLEC to Qwest outside of the normal forecasting process to
modify the forecast, and forecasting information disclosed by Qwest to
CLEC shall be deemed Confidential Information and the Parties may not
distribute, disclose or reveal, in any form, this material other than as
allowed and described in subsections 5.16.9.1 and 5.16.9.2.
7.2.2.8.13 To the extent that CLEC’s historical trunking underutilization is
such that it restricts Qwest from provisioning trunking to itself or other carriers
without Qwest augmenting its switch for additional trunking capacity, Qwest
reserves the right to reclaim the facilities for the purpose of providing capacity to
itself or other carriers. Qwest shall not leave the CLEC-assigned trunk group
with less than twenty five percent (25%) excess capacity. Ancillary trunk groups
are excluded from this treatment.
7.2.2.8.14 Intentionally Left Blank.
7.2.2.8.15 Each Party shall provide a specified point of contact for
planning, forecasting and trunk servicing purposes.
7.2.2.8.16 Interconnection facilities provided on a route that involves
extraordinary circumstances may be subject to the Construction Charges, as
detailed in Section 19 of this Agreement. When Qwest claims extraordinary
circumstances exist, it must apply to the Commission for approval of such
charges by showing that CLEC alone is the sole cause of such construction.
Qwest shall initiate such proceeding within ten (10) Days of notifying CLEC in
writing that it will not construct the requested facilities, or within ten (10) Days of
notice from CLEC in writing that Qwest must either commence construction of
the facilities or initiate such proceeding with the Commission. In this proceeding,
Qwest shall not object to using the most expeditious procedure available under
state law, rule or regulation. Qwest shall be relieved of its obligation of
constructing such facilities during the pendency of the proceeding before the
Commission. If the Commission approves such charges, Qwest and CLEC will
share costs in proportion to each Party's use of the overall capacity of the route
involved. Qwest and CLEC may also choose to work in good faith to identify and
locate alternative routes that can be used to accommodate CLEC forecasted
build. Extraordinary circumstances include, but are not limited to, natural
obstructions such as lakes, rivers, or steep terrain, and legal obstructions such
as governmental, federal, Native American or private rights of way. The standard
Qwest forecast period of six (6) months may not apply under these
circumstances. Construction Charges shall not apply in the event that
construction is an augment of an existing route.
7.2.2.9 Trunking Requirements
7.2.2.9.1 The Parties will provide designed Interconnection facilities that
meet the same technical criteria and service standards, such as probability of
blocking in peak hours and transmission standards, in accordance with current
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
64

Section 7
Interconnection
industry standards.
7.2.2.9.1.1 Qwest shall provide monthly reports to CLEC on all
Interconnection trunk groups and quarterly reports on all interoffice trunk
groups carrying EAS/Local traffic between Qwest Tandem Switches and
Qwest End Office Switches. The reports will contain busy hour traffic
data, including but not limited to, overflow and the number of trunks in
each trunk group.
7.2.2.9.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
7.2.2.9.3 Separate trunk groups may be established based on Billing,
signaling, and network requirements. The following is the current list of traffic
types that require separate trunk groups, unless specifically otherwise stated in
this Agreement.
a) Directory Assistance trunks (where the Switch type requires
separation from operator services trunks);
b) 911/E911 trunks;
c) Operator services trunks (where the Switch type requires
separation from Directory Assistance trunks);
d) Mass calling trunks, if applicable.
7.2.2.9.3.1 Exchange Service (EAS/Local), ISP-Bound Traffic,
IntraLATA LEC Toll, and Jointly Provided Switched Access may be
combined in a single LIS trunk group at access tandems as appropriate
per Section 7.2.2.9.6. Jointly Provided Switched Access may, upon
request, be routed on a separate LIS trunk group with all other traffic
combined on the other trunk group at access tandems as appropriate per
Section 7.2.2.9.6.
7.2.2.9.3.2 CLEC may combine their originating Exchange Service
(EAS/Local) traffic, terminating IntraLATA LEC Toll traffic and Switched
Access FG D traffic on the same FG D trunk group.
7.2.2.9.3.2.1 CLEC will order a two-way LIS trunk group to
Qwest’s access tandems for the purpose of exchanging originating
and terminating Jointly Provided Switched Access traffic.
7.2.2.9.3.2.2 Qwest will send Qwest originating Exchange Service
(EAS/Local) traffic, IntraLATA LEC Toll traffic and transit traffic on
LIS trunks.
7.2.2.9.3.2.3 When CLEC chooses this option, CLEC will send a
letter to Qwest prior to ordering this service to alert Qwest of the
CLEC’s plan to order their service in this manner. This letter will
indicate the CLEC’s timeframe, FG D Provider and BANS and states
involved in this option. Qwest will need up to two months lead time to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
65

Section 7
Interconnection
ensure that the appropriate mechanized billing is set up.
7.2.2.9.4 Trunks will be ordered in increments of DS1 for exchange of
EAS/Local, and IntraLATA Toll/Jointly Provided Switched Access traffic.
Directory Assistance, 911/E911, operator Busy Line Interrupt and Busy Line
Verify trunks may be ordered in DS0.
7.2.2.9.5 The Parties will provide Common Channel Signaling (CCS) to
one another in conjunction with all trunk circuits, except as provided below.
a) The Parties will provision all trunking using SS7/CCS
capabilities. Exceptions to this arrangement would be limited to operator
services trunking, Directory Assistance trunking and 911 trunking.
b) When the Parties interconnect via CCS for Jointly Provided
Switched Access Service, the Tandem Switch provider will provide
MF/CCS interworking as required for Interconnection with Interexchange
Carriers who use MF signaling.
7.2.2.9.6 CLEC may interconnect at either the Qwest local Tandem
Switch or the Qwest Access Tandem Switch for the delivery of local exchange
traffic. When CLEC is interconnected at the Access Tandem Switch and where
there would be a DS1's worth of local traffic (512 BHCCS) between CLEC's
Switch and those Qwest End Office Switches subtending a Qwest local Tandem
Switch, Qwest may petition the Commission to require CLEC to transition to a
direct trunk group to the Qwest local Tandem Switch.
7.2.2.9.6.1 Qwest will allow Interconnection for the exchange of
local traffic at Qwest's Access Tandem Switch without requiring
Interconnection at the local Tandem Switch, at least in those
circumstances when traffic volumes do not justify direct connection to the
local Tandem Switch; and regardless of whether capacity at the Access
Tandem Switch is exhausted or forecasted to exhaust.
7.2.2.9.7 To the extent Qwest is using a specific End Office Switch to
deliver limited Tandem Switch functionality to itself, a wireless service provider,
another CLEC, or another ILEC, it will arrange the same trunking for CLEC.
7.2.2.9.8 Alternate Traffic Routing. If CLEC has a LIS arrangement which
provides two (2) paths to a Qwest End Office Switch (one (1) route via a Tandem
Switch and one (1) direct route), CLEC may elect to utilize alternate traffic
routing. CLEC traffic will be offered first to the direct trunk group (also referred to
as the "primary high" route) and then overflow to the Tandem Switch group (also
referred to as the "alternate final" route) for completion to Qwest End Office
Switches.
7.2.2.9.9 Host-Remote. When a Qwest Wire Center is served by a
remote End Office Switch, CLEC may deliver traffic to the host Central Office or
to the Tandem Switch.
7.2.2.10 Testing
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
66

Section 7
Interconnection
7.2.2.10.1 Acceptance Testing. At the time of installation of a LIS trunk
group, and at no additional charge, acceptance tests will be performed to ensure
that the service is operational and meets the applicable technical parameters.
7.2.2.10.2 Testing Capabilities
7.2.2.10.2.1 LIS Acceptance Testing is provided where
equipment is available, with the following test lines: seven-digit access to
balance (100 type), milliwatt (102 type), nonsynchronous or synchronous,
automatic transmission measuring (105 type), data transmission (107
type), loop-around, short circuit, open circuit, and non-inverting digital
loop-back (108 type), and such other acceptance testing that may be
needed to ensure that the service is operational and meets the applicable
technical parameters.
7.2.2.10.2.2 In addition to LIS acceptance testing, other tests are
available (e.g., additional cooperative acceptance testing, automatic
scheduled testing, cooperative scheduled testing, manual scheduled
testing, and non-scheduled testing). Charges for such testing are
identified in Section 7.3.5.
7.2.2.10.3 Repair Testing. At the time of repair of a LIS trunk group, at no
additional charge, tests will be performed to ensure that the service is operational
and meets the applicable technical parameters.
7.2.2.11 Mileage Measurement. Where required, the mileage measurement for
LIS rate elements is determined in the same manner as the mileage measurement for
V&H methodology as outlined in NECA Tariff No. 4.
7.3 Intercarrier Compensation
7.3.1 Interconnection Facility Options
The Intercarrier Compensation provisions of this Agreement shall apply to the exchange of
Exchange Service (EAS/Local) traffic between CLEC's network and Qwest's network. Where
either Party acts as an IntraLATA Toll provider, each Party shall bill the other the appropriate
charges pursuant to its respective tariff or price lists. Where either Party interconnects and
delivers traffic to the other from third parties, each Party shall bill such third parties the
appropriate charges pursuant to its respective tariffs, price lists or contractual offerings for such
third party terminations. Absent a separately negotiated agreement to the contrary, the Parties
will directly exchange traffic between their respective networks without the use of third party
transit providers.
7.3.1.1 LIS Entrance Facilities
7.3.1.1.1 Recurring and nonrecurring rates for LIS Entrance Facilities are
specified in Exhibit A and will apply for those DS1 or DS3 facilities dedicated to
use as LIS.
7.3.1.1.2 If CLEC chooses to provision LIS facilities over an existing
facility purchased as private line transport service from the Qwest state or FCC
access Tariffs, the rates from those Tariffs will apply.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
67

Section 7
Interconnection
7.3.1.1.3 If the Parties elect to establish LIS two-way trunks, for reciprocal
exchange of Exchange Service (EAS/Local) traffic, the cost of the LIS two-way
facilities shall be shared among the Parties by reducing the LIS two-way
Entrance Facility (EF) rate element charges as follows:
7.3.1.1.3.1 The provider of the LIS two-way Entrance Facility
(EF) will initially share the cost of the LIS two-way EF by assuming an
initial relative use factor (RUF) of fifty percent (50%) for a minimum of one
(1) quarter if the Parties have not exchanged LIS traffic previously. The
nominal charge to the other Party for the use of the EF, as described in
Exhibit A, shall be reduced by this initial relative use factor. Payments by
the other Party will be according to this initial relative use factor for a
minimum of one (1) quarter. The initial relative use factor will continue for
both bill reduction and payments until the Parties agree to a new factor,
based upon actual minutes of use data for non-ISP-Bound traffic to
substantiate a change in that factor. If CLEC's End User Customers are
assigned NPA-NXXs associated with a rate center different from the rate
center where the End User Customers are physically located, traffic that
does not originate and terminate within the same Qwest Local Calling
Area, regardless of the called and calling NPA-NXXs involving those End
User Customers, is referred to as "VNXX traffic." For purposes of
determining the relative use factor, the terminating carrier is responsible
for ISP-Bound traffic and for VNXX traffic. If either Party demonstrates
with traffic data that actual minutes of use during the previous quarter
justifies a new relative use factor, that Party will send a notice to the other
Party. The new factor will be calculated based upon Exhibit H. Once the
Parties finalize a new factor, bill reductions and payments will apply going
forward from the date the original notice was sent. ISP-Bound traffic or
traffic delivered to Enhanced Service providers is interstate in nature.
7.3.1.2 Collocation
7.3.1.2.1 See Section 8.
7.3.2 Direct Trunked Transport
7.3.2.1 Either Party may elect to purchase direct trunked transport from the other
Party.
7.3.2.1.1 Direct trunked transport (DTT) is available between the Serving
Wire Center of the POI and the terminating and/or transiting Party's Tandem
Switch or End Office Switches. The applicable rates are described in Exhibit A.
DTT facilities are provided as dedicated DS3, DS1 or DS0 facilities.
7.3.2.1.2 When DTT is provided to a local or Access Tandem Switch for
Exchange Service (EAS/Local) traffic, or to an Access Tandem Switch for
IntraLATA LEC Toll, or Jointly Provided Switched Access traffic, the applicable
DTT rate elements apply between the Serving Wire Center and the Tandem
Switch. Additional rate elements for delivery of traffic to the terminating End
Office Switch are tandem switching and tandem transmission. These rates are
described below.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
68

Section 7
Interconnection
7.3.2.1.3 Mileage shall be measured for DTT based on V&H coordinates
between the Serving Wire Center and the local/Access Tandem Switch or End
Office Switch.
7.3.2.1.4 Fixed Charges per DS0, DS1 or DS3 and per mile charges are
defined for DTT in Exhibit A of this Agreement.
7.3.2.2 If the Parties elect to establish LIS two-way DTT trunks, for reciprocal
exchange of Exchange Service (EAS/Local) traffic, the cost of the LIS two-way DTT
facilities shall be shared among the Parties by reducing the LIS two-way DTT rate
element charges as follows:
7.3.2.2.1 The provider of the LIS two-way DTT facility will initially share
the cost of the LIS two-way DTT facility by assuming an initial relative use factor
of fifty percent (50%) for a minimum of one (1) quarter if the Parties have not
exchanged LIS traffic previously. The nominal charge to the other Party for the
use of the DTT facility, as described in Exhibit A, shall be reduced by this initial
relative use factor. Payments by the other Party will be according to this initial
relative use factor for a minimum of one (1) quarter. The initial relative use factor
will continue for both bill reduction and payments until the Parties agree to a new
factor, based upon actual minutes of use data for non-ISP-Bound traffic to
substantiate a change in that factor. If CLEC's End User Customers are
assigned NPA-NXXs associated with a rate center other than the rate center
where the End User Customers are physically located, traffic that does not
originate and terminate within the same Qwest Local Calling Area, regardless of
the called and calling NPA-NXXs involving those End User Customers, is
referred to as "VNXX traffic." For purposes of determining the relative use factor,
the terminating carrier is responsible for ISP-Bound traffic and for VNXX traffic. If
either Party demonstrates with traffic data that actual minutes of use during the
previous quarter justifies a new relative use factor, that Party will send a notice to
the other Party. The new factor will be calculated based upon Exhibit H. Once
the Parties finalize a new factor, bill reductions and payments will apply going
forward from the date the original notice was sent. ISP-Bound traffic is interstate
in nature. Qwest has never agreed to exchange VNXX traffic with CLEC.
7.3.2.3 Multiplexing options (DS1/DS3 MUX or DS0/DS1 MUX) are available at
the rates specified in Exhibit A.
7.3.3 Trunk Nonrecurring charges
7.3.3.1 Installation nonrecurring charges may be assessed by the provider for
each LIS trunk ordered. Qwest rates are specified in Exhibit A.
7.3.3.2 Nonrecurring charges for rearrangement may be assessed by the
provider for each LIS trunk rearrangement ordered, at one-half (1/2) the rates specified
in Exhibit A.
7.3.4 Exchange Service (EAS/Local) Traffic and VoIP Traffic
7.3.4.1 End Office Switch Call Termination
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
69

Section 7
Interconnection
7.3.4.1.1 The per-minute-of-use call termination rates as described in
Exhibit A of this Agreement will apply reciprocally for Exchange Service
(EAS/Local) traffic terminated at a Qwest or CLEC End Office Switch.
7.3.4.1.2 For purposes of call termination, CLEC Switch(es) shall be
treated as End Office Switch(es) unless CLEC's Switch(es) meet the definition of
a Tandem Switch in this Agreement as set forth in Section 4.0.
7.3.4.1.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
7.3.4.1.4 Neither Party shall be responsible to the other for call
termination charges associated with third party traffic that transits such Party's
network.
7.3.4.2 Tandem Switched Transport
7.3.4.2.1 For traffic delivered through a Qwest or CLEC Tandem Switch,
the tandem switching rate and the tandem transmission rate in Exhibit A shall
apply per minute in addition to the End Office Switch call termination rate
described above.
7.3.4.2.2 Mileage shall be measured for the tandem transmission rate
elements based on V&H coordinates between the Tandem Switch and
terminating End Office Switch.
7.3.4.2.3 When a Party terminates traffic to a remote Switch, tandem
transmission rates will be applied for the V&H mileage between the host Switch
and the remote Switch when the identity of each is filed in the NECA 4 Tariff.
7.3.4.2.4 When Qwest receives an unqueried call from CLEC to a number
that has been ported to another Switch within the EAS/Local Calling Area, and
Qwest performs the query, mileage sensitive tandem transmission rates will
apply which reflect the distance to the End Office Switch to which the call has
been ported.
7.3.4.2.4.1 To determine the responsible originating Carrier of
unqueried calls for purposes of identification of the Carrier to bill LNP
query charges, Qwest and CLEC are required to utilize the Number
Portability Administration Center (NPAC) database, or another database
that is supported by OBF.
7.3.4.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
7.3.4.4 CLEC may choose one (1) of the following two (2) options for the
exchange of traffic subject to Section 251(b)(5) of the Act ("Section 251(b)(5) Traffic")
(see Exhibit J):
7.3.4.4.1 The rates applicable to Section 251(b)(5) Traffic between Qwest
and CLEC shall be the same as the rates established for ISP-Bound traffic
pursuant to Section 7.3.6. Such rate for ISP-Bound traffic will apply to Section
251(b)(5) Traffic in lieu of End Office Switch Call Termination rates, and Tandem
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
70

Section 7
Interconnection
Switched Transport rates.
7.3.4.4.2 The compensation rate for Section 251(b)(5) Traffic shall be as
established by the Commission. The Parties shall cooperate in establishing a
process by which Section 251(b)(5) Traffic and ISP-Bound traffic will be identified
in order to compensate one another at the appropriate rates and in a prompt
manner (see Section 7.3.6).
7.3.4.5 The Parties will not pay terminating compensation on traffic, including
ISP-Bound traffic, when the traffic does not originate and terminate within the same
Qwest Local Calling Area, regardless of the calling and called NPA-NXXs and,
specifically, regardless whether an End User Customer is assigned an NPA-NXX
associated with a rate center that is different from the rate center where the End User
Customer is physically located (also known as "VNXX traffic"). Qwest's agreement to
the terms in this paragraph is without waiver or prejudice to Qwest's position is that it has
never agreed to exchange VNXX traffic with CLEC.
7.3.5 Miscellaneous Charges
Miscellaneous Charges apply for the following miscellaneous services when provided with LIS
trunks. Exhibit A includes a reference to the Tariff, catalog, price list, or other similar document
that provides the amount of each Miscellaneous Charge.
7.3.5.1 Cancellation charges apply to cancelled LIS trunk orders based upon
critical dates, terms and conditions in accordance with the Access Service Tariff Section
5.2.3 and trunk nonrecurring charges referenced in this Agreement.
7.3.5.2 Expedite requests for LIS trunk orders are available. Expedites are
requests for intervals that are shorter than the interval defined in Qwest's Service
Interval Guide (SIG) or Individual Case Basis (ICB) Due Dates. When expedites are
approved, expedite charges apply per order for every day that the Due Date interval is
shortened, based on the standard interval in the SIG or based on ICB criteria for Due
Dates. Expedite charges apply to LIS trunk orders based on the rates described in
Exhibit A.
7.3.5.2.1 CLEC will request an expedite for LIS trunks, including an
expedited Due Date, on the Access Service Request (ASR).
7.3.5.2.2 The request for an expedite will be approved only when
resources are available and the request meets the criteria outlined in the Pre-
Approved Expedite Process in Qwest's Product Catalog at Qwest's wholesale
web site.
7.3.5.3 Additional testing, including cooperative acceptance testing, automatic
scheduled testing, cooperative scheduled testing, manual scheduled testing, and non-
scheduled testing, is available for LIS trunks.
7.3.6 ISP-Bound Traffic
7.3.6.1 Subject to the terms of this Section, terminating compensation for ISP-
Bound traffic exchanged between Qwest and CLEC will be billed pursuant to rates in
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
71

Section 7
Interconnection
Exhibit A, without limitation as to the number of minutes of use (MOU) or whether the
MOU are generated in "new markets" as that term has been defined by the FCC so long
as the ISP for which the call is bound is physically located in the same local calling area
as the End User Customer originating the call.
7.3.6.2 Identification of ISP-Bound Traffic – Qwest will presume traffic delivered
to CLEC that exceeds a 3:1 ratio of terminating (Qwest to CLEC) to originating (CLEC to
Qwest) traffic is ISP-Bound traffic. Either Party may rebut this presumption by
demonstrating the factual ratio to the Commission. Traffic exchanged that is not ISP-
Bound traffic will be considered to be Section 251(b)(5) traffic. The provisions in this
Section apply regardless how the ISP-Bound traffic is determined.
7.3.6.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
7.3.6.4 The CLEC is responsible for any payments or charges due for one-way
facilities and/or trunking provisioned solely for Qwest-originated ISP-Bound traffic.
7.3.7 Transit Traffic
The following rates will apply:
7.3.7.1 Local Transit: A per-minute-of-use rate will be charged to the originating
Party, as contained in Exhibit A.
7.3.7.2 IntraLATA Toll Transit: A per-minute-of-use rate will be charged to the
originating Party, as contained in Exhibit A.
7.3.7.3 Jointly Provided Switched Access: The applicable Switched Access rates
will be billed by the Parties to the IXC based on MECAB guidelines and each Party's
respective FCC and state access Tariffs.
7.3.8 Signaling Parameters: Qwest and CLEC are required to provide each other the
proper signaling information (e.g., originating Calling Party Number (CPN), Charge Number
(ChN) and destination called party number, etc.) per 47 C.F.R. § 64.1601 to enable each Party
to issue bills in a complete and timely fashion. All CCS signaling parameters will be provided
including CPN, calling party category, ChN and Originating Line Information Parameter (OLIP)
on calls destined for Interexchange Carriers (IXCs). All privacy indicators will be honored.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
72

Section 7
Interconnection
Where SS7 connections exist, each Party shall pass all CCS signaling parameters, where
available, on each EAS/Local and IntraLATA toll call carried over Interconnection trunks. All
EAS/Local and IntraLATA Toll calls exchanged without ChN and/or CPN information will be
billed as either EAS/Local Traffic or IntraLATA Toll Traffic in direct proportion to the minutes of
use (MOU) of calls exchanged with ChN and/or CPN information for the preceding quarter when
the calls traverse a Switched Access Feature Group D trunk group. If either Party fails to
provide ChN and/or CPN (valid originating information), and cannot substantiate technical
restrictions (i.e., MF signaling) such traffic will be billed as Intrastate Switched Access when the
calls traverse an interconnection trunk. Traffic sent to the other Party on its interconnection
trunks without ChN and/or CPN (valid originating information) will be handled in the following
manner. The transit provider will be responsible for only its portion of this traffic, which will not
exceed more than five percent (5%) of the total Exchange Service (EAS/Local) and IntraLATA
LEC Toll traffic delivered to the other Party. The Switch owner will provide to the other Party,
upon request, information to demonstrate that Party's portion of no-CPN/ChN traffic does not
exceed five percent (5%) of the total traffic delivered. The Parties will coordinate and exchange
data as necessary to determine the cause of the CPN/ChN failure and to assist its correction.
7.4 Ordering
7.4.1 When ordering LIS, the ordering Party shall specify requirements on the Access
Service Request (ASR): 1) the type and number of Interconnection facilities to terminate at the
Point of Interconnection in the Serving Wire Center; 2) the type of interoffice transport, (i.e.,
direct trunked transport or tandem switched transport); 3) the number of Ports to be provisioned
at an End Office Switch or local Tandem Switch; and 4) any optional features. When the
ordering Party requests facilities, routing, or optional features different than those determined to
be available, the Parties will work cooperatively in determining an acceptable configuration,
based on available facilities, equipment and routing plans.
7.4.2 For each NXX Code assigned to CLEC by the NANPA, CLEC will provide Qwest
with the CLLI codes of the Qwest Tandem Switches and CLEC's Point of Interface to which
traffic associated with the NXX will be routed. For NXX Codes assigned to existing LIS trunk
groups, CLEC will also provide Qwest with the Qwest assigned two-six code (TGSN) to which
each NXX will be routed. Information that is not currently available in the LERG may be
provided via the NPA NXX Code Request Routing Form available on the Qwest web site:
http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/notices/npa_nxxProcess.html.
Either Party shall respond to a special request for a NPA NXX Code Request Routing Form
when a single Switch is served by multiple trunk groups.
7.4.3 When either Party has ordered a DS3 Entrance Facility or private line facility, that
Party will order the appropriate DS1 facility required and identify the channels of the DS3 to be
used to provide connecting facility assignments (CFA). Also, if either Party has provided or
ordered a DS1 Entrance Facility or private line facility, that Party will be responsible for
identification of the DS0 channels of the DS1 private line to be used to provide CFA.
7.4.4 A joint planning meeting will precede initial trunking orders. These meetings will
result in agreement and commitment that both Parties can implement the proposed plan and the
transmittal of Access Service Requests (ASRs) to initiate order activity. The Parties will provide
their best estimate of the traffic distribution to each End Office Switch subtending the Tandem
Switch.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
73

Section 7
Interconnection
7.4.5 If CLEC uses a method of interconnection of one POI in the LATA or the access
tandem for local traffic in accordance with Section 7.1.2 and/or 7.2.2.9.6, Qwest and CLEC will
work together to review CLEC’s network configuration in order to ensure correct and complete
ASR ordering.
7.4.6 Service intervals and Due Dates for initial establishment of trunking
arrangements at each new Switch location of Interconnection between the Parties will be
determined on an Individual Case Basis.
7.4.7 Qwest will establish intervals for the provision of LIS trunks that conform to the
performance objectives set forth in Section 20. Qwest will provide notice to CLEC of any
changes to the LIS trunk intervals consistent with the Change Management Process (CMP)
applicable to the PCAT. Operational processes within Qwest work centers are discussed as
part of the CMP. Qwest agrees that CLEC shall not be held to the requirements of the PCAT.
7.4.8 The ordering Party may cancel an order at any time prior to notification that
service is available. If the ordering Party is unable to accept service within thirty (30) Days after
the Service Date, the provider has the following options:
a) The order will be canceled; cancellation charges as specified in 7.3.5.1 apply
unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties;
b) Intentionally Left Blank.
c) Billing for the service will commence.
In such instances, the cancellation date or the date Billing is to commence, depending on which
option is selected, will be the 31st Day after the Service Date.
7.5 Jointly Provided Switched Access Services
7.5.1 Jointly Provided Switched Access Service is described and governed by the FCC
and state access Tariffs, Multiple Exchange Carrier Access Billing (MECAB) and Multiple
Exchange Carrier Ordering and Design (MECOD) Guidelines and based on LERG routing, and
is not modified by any provisions of this Agreement. Both Parties agree to comply with such
guidelines. Qwest and CLEC agree that the originating, intermediate, and terminating LECs for
switched access will cooperatively determine the Jointly Provided Switched Access
arrangements in which all parties concur.
7.5.2 Qwest will agree to function as the Access Service Coordinator (ASC) as defined
in the Multiple Exchange Carrier Ordering and Design Guidelines (MECOD) (Technical
Reference SR-TAP-000984). Qwest will provide the operational, technical and administrative
support required in the planning, Provisioning and maintenance involved in the joint access
Provisioning process to the IXCs. Qwest will be unable to fulfill the role of ASC if CLEC does
not fully comply with MECOD requirements, including filing CLEC's End Office Switches and
billed percentages (BPs) in the NECA 4 Tariff.
7.5.3 The ATIS Network Interconnection Interoperability Forum (NIIF) recommended
methodologies must be adhered to by all Local Exchange Carriers (LECs) to provide timely
notification to the industry of changes in their access network architecture.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
74

Section 7
Interconnection
7.5.3.1 The ATIS document is titled Recommended Notification Procedures to
Industry for Changes in Access Network Architecture
7.5.4 Qwest and CLEC will each render a separate bill to the IXC, using the multiple
bill, single tariff option.
7.5.5 A charge will apply for Category 11-01-XX Access Services records sent in an
EMI mechanized format. These records can be used to provide information necessary for each
Party to bill the Interexchange Carrier for Jointly Provided Switched Access Services and 8XX
database queries. The charge for each record created and transmitted is listed in Exhibit A of
this Agreement.
7.6 Transit Records
7.6.1 Qwest and CLEC will exchange wireline network usage data originated by a
wireline Local Exchange Carrier (LEC) where the NXX resides in a wireline LEC Switch, transits
Qwest's network, and terminates to CLEC's network when Technically Feasible and
commercially reasonable. Each Party agrees to provide to the other this wireline network usage
data when Qwest or CLEC acts as a transit provider currently or in the future. The Parties
understand that this information is Carrier protected information under Section 222 of the
Telecommunications Act and shall be used solely for the purposes of Billing the wireline LEC.
CLEC will provide to Qwest information to enable Qwest to provide transit records on a
mechanized basis when Technically Feasible. This includes, but is not limited to: service center
information, operating company number, and state jurisdiction. Qwest and CLEC agree to
exchange wireline network usage data as Category 11-01-XX.
7.6.2 Qwest and CLEC will exchange wireless network usage data originated by a
Wireless Service Provider (WSP) where the NXX resides in a WSP Switch, transits Qwest's
network, and terminates to CLEC's network when Technically Feasible and commercially
reasonable. Each Party agrees to provide to the other this wireless network usage data when
Qwest or CLEC acts as a transit provider currently or in the future. The Parties understand that
this information is Carrier protected information under Section 222 of the Telecommunications
Act and shall be used solely for the purposes of Billing the WSP. CLEC will provide to Qwest
information to be able to provide transit records on a mechanized basis when Technically
Feasible. This includes, but is not limited to: service center information, operating company
number and state jurisdiction. Qwest and CLEC agree to exchange wireless network usage
data as Category 11-01-XX.
7.6.3 CLEC may order transit records from Qwest and a charge will apply for Category
11-01-XX transit records sent in an EMI mechanized format. These records can be used to
provide information necessary for each Party to bill the originating Carrier for transit when
Technically Feasible. The charge for each record created and transmitted is listed in Exhibit A
of this Agreement.
7.7 Local Interconnection Data Exchange for Billing
7.7.1 There are certain types of calls or types of Interconnection that require exchange
of Billing records between the Parties, including, for example, alternate billed and Toll Free
Service calls. The Parties agree that all call types must be routed between the networks,
accounted for, and settled among the Parties. Certain calls will be handled via the Parties'
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
75

Section 7
Interconnection
respective operator service platforms. The Parties agree to utilize, where possible and
appropriate, existing accounting and settlement systems to bill, exchange records and settle
revenue.
7.7.2 The exchange of Billing records for alternate billed calls (e.g., calling card, bill-to-
third-number and collect) will be distributed through the existing CMDS processes, unless
otherwise separately agreed to by the Parties.
7.7.3 Inter-Company Settlements (ICS) revenues will be settled through the Calling
Card and Third Number Settlement System (CATS). Each Party will provide for its own
arrangements for participation in the CATS processes, through direct participation or a hosting
arrangement with a direct participant.
7.7.4 Non-ICS revenue is defined as IntraLATA collect calls, calling card calls, and
billed to third number calls which originate on one (1) service provider's network and are billed
by another service provider located within the same Qwest geographic specific region. The
Parties agree to negotiate and execute an agreement for settlement of non-ICS revenue. This
separate arrangement is necessary since existing CATS processes do not permit the use of
CATS for non-ICS revenue. The Parties agree that current message distribution processes,
including the CMDS system or Qwest in-region facilities, can be used to transport the call
records for this traffic.
7.7.5 Both Parties will provide the appropriate call records to the IntraLATA Toll Free
Service provider, thus permitting the service provider to bill its End User Customers for the
inbound Toll Free Service. No adjustments to bills via tapes, disks or Network Data Mover
(NDM) will be made without the mutual agreement of the Parties.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
76

Section 8
Collocation
Section 8.0 - COLLOCATION
8.1 Description
8.1.1 Collocation allows for the placing of equipment by CLEC at Qwest's Premises,
where Technically Feasible, that is necessary for accessing Unbundled Network Elements
(UNEs), ancillary services or Interconnection. Collocation includes the leasing to CLEC of
physical space in Qwest Premises, as well as the resources necessary for the operation and
economical use of collocated equipment, such as the use by CLEC of power; heating,
ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC); and cabling in Qwest's Premises. Collocation also
allows CLEC to access Interconnection Distribution Frames (ICDF) for the purpose of accessing
and combining Unbundled Network Elements and accessing ancillary services. There are
currently nine (9) standard types of Collocation available pursuant to this Agreement – Virtual,
Caged Physical, Shared Caged Physical, Cageless Physical, Interconnection Distribution
Frame, Adjacent, Common Area Splitter, Remote and Facility Connected. Other types of
Collocation may be requested through the BFR process.
8.1.1.1 Virtual Collocation -- A Virtual Collocation arrangement requires CLEC to
purchase and deliver to Qwest CLEC's own equipment for Qwest to install, repair, and
maintain in Qwest's Premises. CLEC does not have physical access to its virtually
collocated equipment in the Qwest Premises.
8.1.1.2 Caged Physical Collocation -- allows CLEC to lease caged floor space for
placement of its equipment within Qwest's Premises for the purpose of interconnecting
with Qwest Finished Services or accessing Unbundled Network Elements. CLEC is
responsible for the procurement, installation and on-going maintenance of its equipment
as well as the Cross Connections required within the cage.
8.1.1.3 Cageless Physical Collocation -- is a non-caged area within a Qwest
Premises. In Wire Centers, space will be made available in single frame bay
increments. In Wire Centers, the current minimum square footage is nine (9) square feet
per bay, however, if smaller bays are or become available, Qwest will reduce the
minimum square footage accordingly. Space will be provided utilizing industry standard
equipment bay configurations in which CLEC can place and maintain its own equipment.
CLEC is responsible for the procurement, installation and on-going maintenance of its
equipment as well as the Cross Connections required within CLEC's leased Collocation
space.
8.1.1.4 Shared Caged Physical Collocation -- allows two (2) or more CLECs to
share or sublease a single Collocation enclosure. Under Shared Physical Collocation,
one (1) CLEC obtains a Caged Physical Collocation arrangement from Qwest pursuant
to this Agreement or an approved Interconnection Agreement, and another CLEC,
pursuant to the terms of its Interconnection Agreement, may share use of that space, in
accordance to terms and conditions of a sublease agreement between the two (2)
CLECs. Shared Collocation may also be established through joint Application by CLECs
in which Qwest will have a separate Billing relationship with each applicant and will look
to each collocating CLEC for payment of its proportionate share of the charges relating
to the Collocation space. Qwest will prorate the charge for site conditioning and
preparation undertaken by Qwest to construct the Shared Collocation cage or condition
the space for Collocation use, regardless of how many Carriers actually collocate in that
cage, by determining the total charge for site preparation and allocating that charge to a
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
77

Section 8
Collocation
collocating CLEC (and billed directly to each such CLEC) based on the percentage of
the total space utilized by that CLEC as per the Collocation Application. Qwest shall not
place unreasonable restrictions on CLEC's use of a Collocation cage, such as limiting
CLEC's ability to contract with other CLECs to share CLEC's Collocation cage in a
sublease-type arrangement. In addition, if two (2) or more CLECs who have
Interconnection Agreements with Qwest utilize a Shared Collocation arrangement,
Qwest shall permit each CLEC to order UNEs to and provision service from that Shared
Collocation space, regardless of which CLEC was the original collocator, directly from
Qwest. Qwest shall make Shared Collocation space available in single-bay increments
or their equivalent.
8.1.1.5 Interconnection Distribution Frame (ICDF) Collocation -- is offered for the
purpose of facilitating CLEC's combining of Unbundled Network Elements, Finished
Services, including Local Interconnection Trunks, and ancillary services. Under ICDF
Collocation, CLEC need not collocate equipment in the Qwest Wire Center. With ICDF
Collocation, CLEC will have access to the Qwest Wire Center and an ICDF to combine
UNEs, Finished Services, and ancillary services. The ICDF connects through tie cables
to various points within the Wire Center (e.g., MDF, COSMIC or DSX, etc.) providing
CLEC with access to UNEs and ancillary services.
8.1.1.5.1 The ICDF is a distribution frame shared by multiple providers. If
CLEC desires a dedicated distribution frame for the purpose of facilitating
CLEC's combination of UNEs and ancillary services, CLEC may do so through
the placement of a CLEC-owned Cross Connection device collocated in the
Qwest Wire Center through either Caged or Cageless Physical Collocation.
8.1.1.6 Adjacent Collocation – is available in those instances where space is
legitimately exhausted in a particular Qwest Premises to accommodate Physical
Collocation. Qwest shall make space available in adjacent controlled environmental
vaults, controlled environmental huts, or similar structures to the extent Technically
Feasible. Qwest shall permit CLEC to construct or otherwise procure such an adjacent
structure on property owned, leased or otherwise controlled by Qwest, subject only to
applicable OSHA, EPA, federal, state, and local safety and maintenance requirements.
Such adjacent structure shall be in accordance with Qwest's design and space planning
for the site. CLEC may propose the design for the adjacent structure, subject to Qwest's
approval, which approval may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Qwest must
provide power and physical Collocation services and facilities, subject to the same
nondiscrimination requirements as applicable to any other physical Collocation
arrangement. Qwest must permit CLEC to place its own equipment, including, but not
limited to, copper cables, coaxial cables, fiber cables, and Telecommunications
Equipment, in adjacent facilities constructed by Qwest, by CLEC itself, or a third party.
8.1.1.7 Common Area Splitter Collocation – Allows CLEC to place Splitters in a
common space area outside its Collocation space near CLEC's DS0 termination points.
Qwest will install Splitter shelves for shared use by CLECs.
8.1.1.8 Remote Collocation – allows CLEC to collocate equipment in or adjacent
to a Qwest Remote Premises. The terms for Remote Collocation are set forth more fully
in Section 8.2.7 and 8.4.6.
8.1.1.8.1 A Field Connection Point (FCP)/Cross-Connect Collocation
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
78

Section 8
Collocation
Application Form is required to designate Cross Connections in a Subloop
environment when the Collocation takes place in the detached terminal location.
This application can be found under the Applications and APOT forms table in
Qwest’s Collocation Product Catalog on Qwest's web site. A nonrecurring
charge will be developed on an Individual Case Basis (ICB) and consists of the
costs to establish or augment the FCP or MTE. If the accessible terminal must
be expanded to accommodate CLEC’s request, an additional nonrecurring
charge will apply as part of the ICB charge. This type of access and Cross
Connection is not Collocation. Provisions concerning Subloop access and
intervals are contained in Section 9.3.
8.1.1.9 Facility Connected (FC) Collocation -- Facility Connected (FC) Collocation
allows CLEC to access Unbundled Network Elements (UNEs), ancillary services and
Finished Services within a Qwest Wire Center via an Entrance Facility without
collocating physical equipment in the Wire Center. FC Collocation is provided on a
termination block or termination panel within the designated Wire Center and is
engineered, provisioned, maintained, and repaired by Qwest.
8.2 Terms and Conditions
8.2.1 Terms and Conditions - All Collocation
8.2.1.1 Qwest shall provide Collocation on rates, terms and conditions that are
just, reasonable and nondiscriminatory. In addition, Qwest shall provide Collocation in
accordance with all applicable federal and state laws.
8.2.1.1.1 In accordance with the FCC rules regarding combinations of
Unbundled Network Elements and Commingling of facilities and services which
are addressed in Sections 9.1 and 9.23, Qwest will not combine or Commingle
services or Network Elements that are offered by Qwest pursuant to Section 271
of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, with Unbundled Network
Elements or combinations of Unbundled Network Elements.
8.2.1.1.1.1 Services available for Commingling shall be
provided by Qwest pursuant to Qwest's applicable product Tariffs,
catalogs, price lists, or other Telecommunications Services offerings.
8.2.1.1.1.2 Entrance Facilities and mid-span meet SPOI
obtained pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement are not available for
Commingling.
8.2.1.2 Collocation of Switching Equipment. CLEC may collocate any equipment
that is necessary for Interconnection or access to Unbundled Network Elements.
8.2.1.2.1 Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexers (DSLAMS) always
meet this legal standard.
8.2.1.2.2 Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) or Packet Switching also
meets this legal standard when used for Interconnection or access to Unbundled
Network Elements for purposes of providing Advanced Services such as xDSL.
Equipment used predominantly to support DSLAMs and ATMs, such as routers
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
79

Section 8
Collocation
and concentrators, as well as testing and network management equipment also
meet this legal standard. Before any equipment that includes switching
functionality is installed, CLEC must provide a written inventory to Qwest of all
switching equipment and how it will be used for Interconnection or access to
Unbundled Network Elements. Once CLEC establishes that it will use a certain
type of equipment for Interconnection or access to Unbundled Network Elements,
Qwest will allow future Collocations of similar equipment without requesting a
written justification unless and until Qwest can establish to the state Commission
that such equipment is not intended for Interconnection or access to Unbundled
Network Elements. However, Qwest will complete the Collocation within the
appropriate interval unless granted relief by the Commission.
8.2.1.2.3 Remote Switching Units (RSUs) also meet this legal standard
when used for Interconnection or access to Unbundled Network Elements for
purposes of providing local Exchange Service.
8.2.1.2.4 Except as provided for in Sections 8.2.1.2.1 through 8.2.1.2.3
above, CLEC may not collocate equipment that is not necessary for
Interconnection or access to Unbundled Network Elements.
8.2.1.3 CLEC must identify what transmission and Cross Connection equipment
will be installed and the vendor technical specifications of such equipment so that Qwest
may verify the appropriate power, floor loading, heat release, environmental particulate
level, HVAC, and tie cables to CLEC-provided Cross Connection device.
8.2.1.4 Demarcation points for Unbundled Network Elements (UNEs) and
ancillary services. The Demarcation Point for Unbundled Network Elements and
ancillary services is that physical point where Qwest shall terminate its Unbundled
Network Elements and ancillary services for access by CLEC. There are two (2)
standard Demarcation Points where Unbundled Network Elements and ancillary services
may be delivered to CLEC. CLEC shall specify its choice of standard Demarcation
Points for its access to UNEs and ancillary services. One available Demarcation Point is
at CLEC-provided Cross Connection equipment in CLEC's Physical or Virtual
Collocation space. Alternatively, the Demarcation Point can be at an Interconnection
Distribution Frame (ICDF) or may be established at a location jointly agreed to by CLEC
and Qwest. To the extent CLEC selects a Demarcation Point outside of its collocated
space, CLEC shall provide and Qwest shall install the tie cables from CLEC's collocated
equipment to the Demarcation Point. Alternatively, Qwest shall provide and install these
tie cables, at CLEC's expense.
8.2.1.5 Qwest will provide a connection between Unbundled Network Elements
and ancillary services and a Demarcation Point. Such connection is an Interconnection
Tie Pair (ITP). The Demarcation Point shall be:
a) at CLEC-provided Cross Connection equipment located in CLEC's
Virtual or Physical Collocation space; or
b) if CLEC elects to use ICDF Collocation, at the Interconnection
Distribution Frame (ICDF); or
c) if CLEC elects to use an ICDF in association with Virtual or Physical
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
80

Section 8
Collocation
Collocation, at the ICDF; or
d) at a direct connection point of termination as described in Section
8.3.1.11.2; or
e) at another Demarcation Point mutually-agreed to by the Parties.
8.2.1.6 CLEC may purchase Qwest's finished Private Line or Switched Access
Services via applicable Tariff terms and conditions. These services will be terminated at
the Demarcation Point.
8.2.1.7 For Caged and Cageless Physical Collocation and Virtual Collocation,
CLEC must lease space for the placement of CLEC's equipment within Qwest's
Premises. Qwest will provide the structure that is necessary in support of Collocation
including physical space, a cage (for Caged Physical Collocation), required cabling
between equipment and other associated hardware.
8.2.1.8 All equipment shall meet and be installed in accordance with Network
Equipment Building System (NEBS) Level 1 safety standards. Qwest shall provide
standard Premises alarming pursuant to Qwest Technical Publication 77385. Qwest
shall not impose safety or engineering requirements on CLEC that are more stringent
than the safety or engineering requirements Qwest imposes on its own equipment
located on its Premises.
8.2.1.9 Space Availability Report -- Upon request by CLEC, Qwest will submit to
CLEC within ten (10) Days of CLEC's request, a report for each requested Premises,
that includes:
a) available Collocation space in a particular Qwest Premises;
b) number of collocators;
c) any modifications in the use of the space since the last report;
d) measures that Qwest is taking to make additional space available for
Collocation;
e) whether sufficient power is available to meet the specific CLEC request;
f) number of CLECs in queue at the Premises, if any;
g) whether the Wire Center is equipped with DS3 capability; and
h) the number and description of Qwest and its Affiliates and reservations
of space by all CLECs.
8.2.1.9.1 A Space Availability Report Charge in Exhibit A will apply to
each Space Availability Report requested by CLEC and shall apply on per
Premises basis.
8.2.1.9.2 Inventory Report – Remote Premises. The locations of the
Remote Premises (e.g., Feeder Distribution Interfaces, "FDI") and the End User
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
81

Section 8
Collocation
Customer addresses served by each Remote Premises are available to CLEC
through the Raw Loop Data Tool. Remote Premises with digital loop carrier and
pair gain equipment will be provided on the web site in the ICONN database.
(ICONN is available through the Qwest web site located at
http://www.qwest.com/iconn.) If CLEC is unable to determine the information it
seeks regarding the Remote Premises after using such database tools, Qwest
will provide CLEC with a report that contains the information. The Parties agree
that a charge may apply to such report, based on time and material, unless the
database information is inaccurate or unusable for the Remote Premises then no
charge would apply. Qwest will provide CLEC access to relevant plats, maps,
engineering records and other data in accordance with Section 10.8.2.4.
8.2.1.10 Collocation is offered on a first-come, first-served basis. Requests for
Collocation may be denied due to the legitimate lack of sufficient space in a Qwest
Premises for placement of CLEC's equipment. If Qwest determines that the amount of
space requested by CLEC for Caged Physical Collocation is not available, but a lesser
amount of space is available, that lesser amount of space will be offered to CLEC for
Caged Physical Collocation. Alternatively, CLEC will be offered Cageless Physical
Collocation (single frame bay increments), or Virtual Collocation as an alternative to
Caged Physical Collocation. In the event the original Collocation request is not available
due to lack of sufficient space, and CLEC did not specify an alternative form of
Collocation on the original order form, CLEC will be required to submit a new order for
CLEC's preferred alternative Collocation arrangement. If CLEC identifies alternate
choices for Collocation on its original Collocation request, Qwest will determine the
feasibility of the next preferred option in the event CLEC's first choice is not available.
To the extent possible, Qwest shall make contiguous space available to CLEC when it
seeks to expand its existing Collocation space. Where adjoining space is not available,
Qwest will engineer a route for CLEC to provide facilities between the non-adjoining
CLEC Collocation spaces as part of the Collocation order. When planning renovations
of existing facilities or constructing or leasing new facilities, Qwest shall take into
account projected demand for Collocation of equipment.
8.2.1.10.1 Space Denial Queue – Qwest will maintain a list of denied
Collocation requests, in order of the date of receipt (Space Denial Queue), for
each Premises where Qwest has exhausted Collocation space. A separate
queue will be maintained for each Premises. When space becomes available in
a Premises in which a queue has developed, Qwest will inform CLECs in the
queue that space for Collocation has become available. If there is insufficient
space to accommodate all of the CLECs in queue, Qwest shall notify CLECs of
the availability of space in accordance with the CLEC's position in the queue.
CLEC must respond within ten (10) Days of receipt of notification from Qwest
with a new Collocation Application. If CLEC does not provide a Collocation
Application within ten (10) Days of receipt of notification, or if CLEC responds
that it no longer requires the Collocation space, CLEC shall be removed from the
queue and the available space shall be offered to the next CLEC in the queue. If
the space made available to CLEC in the queue is not sufficient to meet such
CLEC's needs, such CLEC may deny the space that becomes available and
keep its position in the queue.
8.2.1.11 If Qwest denies a request for Collocation in a Qwest Premises due to
space limitations, Qwest shall allow CLEC representatives to tour the entire Premises
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
82

Section 8
Collocation
escorted by Qwest personnel within ten (10) Days of CLEC's receipt of the denial of
space, or a mutually agreed upon date. Qwest will review the detailed floor plans for the
Premises with CLEC during the tour, including Qwest reserved or optioned space. Such
tour shall be without charge to CLEC. If, after the tour of the Premises, Qwest and
CLEC disagree about whether space limitations at the Premises make Collocation
impractical, Qwest and CLEC may present their arguments to the Commission. In
addition, if after the fact it is determined that Qwest has incorrectly identified the space
limitations, Qwest will honor the original Collocation Application date for determining
RFS unless both Parties agree to a revised date.
8.2.1.12 Qwest shall submit to the Commission, subject to any protective order as
the Commission may deem necessary, detailed floor plans or diagrams of any Premises
where Qwest claims that Physical Collocation is not practical because of space
limitations.
8.2.1.13 Qwest will maintain a publicly available document, posted for viewing on
the Internet, (www.qwest.com/wholesale/notices/collo/spaceAvail.html), indicating all
Premises that are full, and will update this document within ten (10) Days of the date at
which a Premises runs out of physical space and will update the document within ten
(10) Days of the date that space becomes available. In addition, the publicly available
document shall include, based on information Qwest develops through the Space
Availability Report process, the Reservation Process, or the Feasibility Study Process:
a) Number of CLECs in queue at the Premises, if any;
b) Premises that have not been equipped with DS3 capability;
c) Estimated date for completion of power equipment additions that will lift
the restriction of Collocation at the Premises; and
d) Address of the Remote Premises that have been inventoried for
Remote Collocation, and if the Remote Premises cannot accommodate
Collocation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Qwest web site will list and update within the ten (10)
Day period, all Wire Centers that are full, whether or not there has been a Space
Availability Report requested by any CLEC.
8.2.1.14 Reclamation and Reconditioning of Space
8.2.1.14.1 Reclamation of Space -- Reclamation of space is performed by
Qwest removing unused, obsolete Qwest equipment to make space for
equipment use. The cost of removal of the obsolete unused equipment shall be
borne by Qwest.
8.2.1.14.1.1 If CLEC issues a forecast or reservation for
Collocation, Qwest shall use its best judgment to determine whether it
would be appropriate to reclaim space and or equipment to meet
expected Collocation requirements.
8.2.1.14.1.2 If CLEC issues a Collocation Application and
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
83

Section 8
Collocation
unused, obsolete equipment must be removed to provide the requested
Collocation, Qwest will affirmatively remove such unused, obsolete
equipment as necessary to fulfill the Collocation request within the
applicable interval set forth in section 8.4.
8.2.1.14.2 Reconditioning of Space -- Reconditioning of space is the
remodeling of space for equipment use, such as, but not limited to, adding
HVAC. The Collocation feasibility study will identify whether reconditioning of
space is available and necessary to meet CLEC needs for Collocation. If
requested by CLEC, Qwest will assess the cost of such reconditioning, provide a
quotation to CLEC for the costs, and upon Acceptance of quotation by CLEC,
perform the necessary work to recondition the space. For reconditioned space,
CLEC is responsible for prorated charges based on the amount of space
requested.
8.2.1.15 Cancellation of Collocation Request. CLEC may cancel a Collocation
request prior to the completion of the request by Qwest by submitting a Collocation
Cancellation Application. CLEC shall be responsible for payment of all costs incurred by
Qwest up to the point when the cancellation is received. Collocation Cancellation is
available for all Collocations under a particular billing authorization number (BAN) for
which CLEC has not received notification of completion from Qwest. Cancellation is
offered for all types of Collocation. A cancellation will only occur upon request by CLEC.
8.2.1.15.1 CLEC may submit a Collocation Cancellation Application if the
Collocation job is in progress. Upon receipt of a completion notice for the
specific Collocation job, the Collocation can no longer be cancelled. Qwest will
provide acknowledgment of acceptance or rejection of the Collocation
Cancellation Application within one (1) business day of receipt. Qwest will stop
work on a Collocation in progress upon receipt and acceptance of a Collocation
Cancellation Application. A request for cancellation is irrevocable once Qwest
has accepted the Collocation Cancellation Application.
8.2.1.15.2 In the event there is a Common Area Splitter Collocation or
CLEC has requested a direct CLEC-to-CLEC connection arrangement with the
same BAN as the Collocation job to be canceled, the associated Common Area
Splitter Collocation and direct CLEC-to-CLEC connection will also be cancelled.
8.2.1.15.3 Qwest will not charge for canceling the Collocation job except
for work already completed as of acceptance by Qwest of the Collocation
Cancellation Application. Charges will be based on when Qwest receives the
Collocation Cancellation Application and the completion status of the Collocation
work. A quotation will be issued within thirty (30) Days of Qwest's acceptance of
the Collocation Cancellation Application.
8.2.1.15.4 Additional Labor – Other. This charge is for additional labor not
included in the quotation described in 8.2.1.15. This additional labor may include
testing and labor activities completed to accommodate a specific customer
request.
8.2.1.16 Qwest may retain a limited amount of floor space for its own specific
future uses, provided, however, that neither Qwest nor any of its Affiliates may reserve
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
84

Section 8
Collocation
space for future use on terms more favorable than those that apply to CLEC's
reservation of Collocation space for CLEC's own future use. Qwest shall relinquish any
space held for future use before denying a request for Virtual Collocation on the grounds
of space limitations, unless Qwest proves to the Commission that Virtual Collocation at
that point is not Technically Feasible.
8.2.1.17 In addition to the requirements of Section 8.2.1.8, all Collocation
installation and structures shall meet applicable earthquake safety rating requirements
comparable to and to the same extent that Qwest installations and structures meet
earthquake rating requirements as contained in the Network Equipment Building System
(NEBS) - BR GR-63-CORE document. A list of Qwest Premises and the applicable
related earthquake ratings is available for review on the Qwest web site at:
http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/pcat/collocation.html.
8.2.1.18 Qwest will review the security requirements, issue keys, ID cards and
explain the access control processes to CLEC. The access control process includes but
is not limited to the requirement that all CLEC approved personnel are subject to
trespass violations if they are found outside of designated and approved areas or if they
provide access to unauthorized individuals. Likewise, Qwest personnel are subject to
trespass violations if they are found to be wrongfully inside CLEC physical caged
collocated areas or if they wrongfully provide access to unauthorized individuals.
8.2.1.18.1 Qwest will take all reasonable measures to insure that CLEC
equipment collocated in Qwest Premises is afforded physical security at Parity
with Qwest's similarly situated equipment. Should an event occur within a Qwest
Premises that suggests vandalism or other tampering with CLEC's equipment,
Qwest will, at CLEC's request, vigorously and thoroughly investigate the
situation. CLEC shall cooperate in the investigation as requested by Qwest.
Qwest will keep CLEC apprised of the progress of any investigation, and report
any conclusions in a timely manner.
8.2.1.19 Qwest shall provide access to CLEC's collocated equipment and existing
eyewash stations, bathrooms, and drinking water within the Premises on a twenty-four
(24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week basis for CLEC personnel and its
designated agents. Such access shall be permitted without requiring either a security
escort of any kind or delaying CLEC's employee’s entry into Qwest Premises. Qwest
shall provide CLEC with access to other basic facilities, including parking, where
available on a first-come, first-served basis.
8.2.1.20 CLEC shall be restricted to corridors, stairways, and elevators that
provide direct access to CLEC's space, or to the nearest restroom facility from CLEC's
designated space, and such direct access will be outlined during CLEC's orientation
meeting. Access shall not be permitted to any other portion of the building.
8.2.1.21 Nothing herein shall be construed to limit CLEC's ability to obtain more
than one form of Collocation (i.e., Virtual, Caged, Shared and Cageless Physical
Collocation or ICDF Collocation) in a single Premises, provided space is available.
8.2.1.22 Termination of Collocation Arrangement. CLEC may terminate a
completed Collocation arrangement by a Collocation Decommission or a Collocation
Transfer of Responsibility. A Collocation site is only eligible for Collocation
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
85

Section 8
Collocation
Decommission or a Collocation Transfer of Responsibility after the site is built-out and
accepted by CLEC. Abandoned equipment shall be handled as detailed in Section
8.2.1.22.3.
8.2.1.22.1 Collocation Decommission. Collocation Decommission refers to
the deactivation of a Collocation site occupied by CLEC and removal of CLEC
equipment. Collocation Decommission is offered for all types of Collocation. A
request for decommissioning is irrevocable once Qwest accepts the Collocation
Decommission Application.
8.2.1.22.1.1 Prior to submitting a Collocation Decommission
Application, all CLEC's financial obligations with respect to the Collocation
site to be decommissioned must be current, with the exception of formally
disputed charges. CLEC financial obligations include payment of one
hundred percent (100%) of all nonrecurring quoted charges and all
applicable monthly recurring charges that are more than thirty (30) Days
past due.
8.2.1.22.1.2 CLEC must disconnect all services, including any
administrative services, from the Collocation site to be decommissioned
prior to submitting the Collocation Decommission Application. All of
CLEC's administrative lines and End User Customer services need to be
disconnected via the appropriate Access Service Request (ASR) or Local
Service Request (LSR). If CLEC has not disconnected all services, all
charges with respect to the Collocation site will continue to accrue and
the Collocation Decommission Application will be rejected.
8.2.1.22.1.2.1 Prior to disconnecting its services, including
direct CLEC-to-CLEC connections, CLEC must notify, in writing,
all of its current End User Customers affected by the
discontinuation of service. CLEC must submit an email
notification with the Collocation Decommission Application
representing to Qwest that all CLEC End User Customers have
been properly notified. For direct CLEC-to-CLEC connection
arrangements, CLEC should submit a letter of authorization (LOA)
signed by both CLECs involved in the direct CLEC-to-CLEC
connection arrangement. Failure to include such email notification
or LOA will result in the rejection of the Collocation Decommission
Application.
8.2.1.22.1.3 CLEC should remove its equipment prior to
submitting a Collocation Decommission Application. Equipment includes
all CLEC owned electronic equipment, equipment racks, mounting
hardware, and CLEC supplied cable (including direct CLEC-to-CLEC
cables), termination blocks and cage materials. If CLEC does not remove
its equipment within thirty (30) Days of Qwest's acceptance of the
Collocation Decommission Application, Qwest will send a notification
stating the equipment is considered abandoned. Upon receiving
notification of abandonment from Qwest, CLEC will have fifteen (15) Days
to notify Qwest that the equipment is not abandoned and remove its
equipment. If CLEC does not respond to the notification and remove the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
86

Section 8
Collocation
equipment and Qwest determines that the equipment has been
abandoned, Qwest will send a final notification and bill CLEC for any and
all claims, expenses, fees or other costs associated with the removal by
Qwest of the abandoned equipment, including any materials used in the
removal and the hourly labor rate charges. CLEC will hold Qwest
harmless from the failure to return any such equipment, property or other
items.
8.2.1.22.1.4 Qwest will remove all Collocation entrance facilities.
For shared Collocation entrance facilities, Qwest will cut all fiber and/or
copper Collocation entrance facilities at the splice point in the Collocation
Point of Interconnection (C-POI). For express Collocation entrance
facilities, Qwest will remove and dispose of the Collocation entrance fiber.
8.2.1.22.1.5 For Virtual Collocation, Qwest will automatically
remove all equipment within ninety (90) Days. Qwest will negotiate with
CLEC to schedule the pick up of the equipment. There will be no charge
for the removal of CLEC's Virtual Collocation equipment.
8.2.1.22.1.6 For Collocations with direct CLEC-to-CLEC
connection arrangements, CLEC is required to disconnect and remove
the direct CLEC-to-CLEC connections. Qwest prefers that CLEC
disconnect and remove the direct CLEC-to-CLEC connection cables prior
to submitting the Collocation Decommission Application. If CLEC is not
able to disconnect and remove the cables prior to submitting the
Collocation Decommission Application, CLEC will be allowed thirty (30)
Days from Qwest's acceptance date of the Collocation Decommission
Application to disconnect and remove the direct CLEC-to-CLEC
connection cables. If CLEC has not removed the direct CLEC-to-CLEC
connections, it will be treated as abandoned equipment.
8.2.1.22.1.7 CLEC will be eligible for a refund for all elements
defined as either reusable or reimbursable, if acquired by another CLEC
during the following defined time period. An inventory will be completed
by Qwest and furnished to CLEC within ninety (90) Days of the
Collocation Decommission Application acceptance identifying the
reimbursable and reusable elements and the potential credit.
8.2.1.22.1.7.1 Reimbursable elements considered for a
refund are: DS0, DS1, and DS3 termination cabling, and fiber
terminations, excluding Collocation entrance facility cabling.
These elements will be eligible for a refund for up to one (1) year
after the date of decommissioning.
8.2.1.22.1.7.2 Reusable elements include components
used to provision the original Collocation site (e.g., cage, bays,
HVAC, cable racking). These elements will be eligible for a refund
for up to three (3) years after the date of decommissioning.
8.2.1.22.1.8 CLEC is required to return the space to turnover
condition. Turnover condition is defined as the same condition in which
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
87

Section 8
Collocation
CLEC originally assumed the Collocation site. CLEC must relinquish
security access if not currently leasing another Collocation site in the
same Wire Center when verification of equipment removal is completed.
Security access will be terminated within thirty (30) Days of receipt of an
accepted Collocation Decommission Application, unless alternative
arrangements have been agreed to by Qwest.
8.2.1.22.1.9 Ordering – CLEC should submit a Collocation
Decommission Application form. Qwest will notify CLEC within one (1)
business day if the prerequisites have been met. Qwest will validate the
order within two (2) business days from receipt of the Collocation
Decommission Application. Qwest will provide an inventory of the eligible
reimbursable and reusable elements and the potential credits within
ninety (90) Days of the Collocation Decommission Application
acceptance.
8.2.1.22.1.10 Billing - Qwest will not charge for decommissioning
Collocations unless equipment has been abandoned or the Collocation
space has not been returned to turnover condition. Charges for work
related to the removal of abandoned equipment or returning the
Collocation space to turnover condition include miscellaneous hourly
labor charges and, if applicable, dispatch charges will apply for
unmanned Central Offices and Remote Collocations.
8.2.1.22.2 Collocation Transfer of Responsibility. Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility is the transfer of a Collocation site from vacating CLEC (current
CLEC leasing the space in the Premises) to an assuming CLEC. Collocation
Transfer of Responsibility is available for Caged Physical Collocation, Cageless
Physical Collocation, and Virtual Collocation. All other types of Collocation to be
transferred will be handled on an Individual Case Basis (ICB). There are two (2)
types of Collocation Transfer of Responsibility: 1) Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility Without Working Circuits – The Collocation is not serving any End
User Customers and does not have active service terminations (e.g.,
Interconnection trunks or UNE Loops) or 2) Collocation Transfer of Responsibility
With Working Circuits – The Collocation has active service terminations, such as
Interconnection trunks or is serving End User Customers.
8.2.1.22.2.1 Generally, Collocation Transfer of Responsibility is
not available if another CLEC or Qwest are waiting in queue for available
space within the requested Premises; however, if assuming CLEC
acquires all or substantially all of the Collocation sites of vacating CLEC
in Qwest Premises in the state, such transfers shall not be subject to any
queue for available space. In addition, regardless of any space requests
that may be pending in a Qwest Premises, Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility shall be available when vacating CLEC and assuming
CLEC are affiliated corporate entities prior to or immediately after the
proposed transfer, or the transfer is due to a bankruptcy court order. If
vacating CLEC has filed for bankruptcy, assuming CLEC must comply
with Applicable Law in obtaining the transfer of the Collocation site.
8.2.1.22.2.2 Both vacating CLEC's and assuming CLEC's
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
88

Section 8
Collocation
Interconnection Agreements with Qwest must contain finalized terms and
conditions for Collocation Transfer of Responsibility and all associated
services. Assuming CLEC is required to have an Interconnection
Agreement with Qwest prior to submitting a Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility request. Assuming CLEC will need to amend any
previously existing Interconnection Agreement prior to submitting a
Collocation Transfer of Responsibility request if its Interconnection
Agreement does not contain the terms and conditions and rate elements
for all services that will be transferred.
8.2.1.22.2.3 Collocation Transfer of Responsibility with working
circuits is available if only administrative changes are required and the
transfer does not involve translations work that needs to be processed in
conjunction with the transfer. If translations work is needed, CLEC's
transfer plans shall allow for the completion of the Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility prior to initiating any translation activity.
8.2.1.22.2.4 A request for Collocation Transfer of Responsibility
is irrevocable upon one hundred percent (100%) payment by assuming
CLEC of the nonrecurring Collocation transfer charges reflected on the
quotation.
8.2.1.22.2.5 The Collocation site to be transferred is identified by
vacating CLEC's eleven (11) character CLLI code. The Collocation site
will be transferred "as is" and in its entirety. This includes, but is not
limited to, Collocation entrance facilities from the Collocation - Point of
Interface (C-POI) manhole, cables, Splitters, and working circuits, if
applicable. If the Collocation site has a Common Area Splitter Collocation
associated with it, the Common Area Splitter Collocation will be
transferred as part of the Collocation Transfer of Responsibility.
8.2.1.22.2.6 The transfer of equipment between vacating CLEC
and assuming CLEC will be the responsibility of vacating CLEC and
assuming CLEC. Qwest is not responsible for the physical condition of
vacating CLEC's equipment, with the exception of equipment associated
with a Virtual Collocation, as set forth in CLECs' Interconnection
Agreements. The negotiation of the transfer terms and conditions
between vacating CLEC and assuming CLEC is the responsibility of
those two parties. Qwest will not participate in these negotiations. Qwest
will only manage the database and records transfer.
8.2.1.22.2.7 Assuming CLEC will provide the information Qwest
will need to update the following items: Customer Name, Access Carrier
Name Abbreviation (ACNA), Master Customer Number (MCN), CLEC
address, phone number, billing and contact information, and contract
number. The Collocation eleven (11) character CLEC CLLI code will
remain the same.
8.2.1.22.2.8 Submission of new connect, change, and disconnect
orders will be restricted from quotation Acceptance until the transfer of the
working circuits is complete. If new connect, change, and disconnect
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
89

Section 8
Collocation
orders need to be submitted between quotation Acceptance and the
completion of the transfer, they will be handled on an ICB and may affect
the Ready for Service (RFS) date. Submission of Collocation augment
orders will not be allowed from the time that the Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility Application has been accepted by Qwest until assuming
CLEC has accepted the quotation for the Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility.
8.2.1.22.2.9 All work in progress related to the Collocation site
and associated working circuits, if applicable, must either be completed or
cancelled by vacating CLEC prior to the quotation Acceptance.
8.2.1.22.2.10 If vacating CLEC does not lease another Physical
Collocation site at the specified Central Office at the time of the
Collocation Transfer of Responsibility request, then vacating CLEC must
relinquish security access to the building.
8.2.1.22.2.11 Vacating CLEC's financial obligations to Qwest with
respect to the Collocation site to be transferred must be met, with the
exception of formally disputed charges, prior to submitting a Collocation
Transfer of Responsibility Application. Vacating CLEC's financial
obligations include payment of one hundred percent (100%) of all
nonrecurring charges and all applicable recurring charges for the specific
Collocation account that are more than thirty (30) Days past due.
Vacating CLEC may meet its financial obligations by having them
expressly assumed, in writing, by assuming CLEC and assuming CLEC
pays such obligations at the time it accepts the quotation for Collocation
Transfer of Responsibility.
8.2.1.22.2.12 Assuming CLEC's financial obligations to Qwest
must be in good standing prior to submitting a Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility Application, with the exception of formally disputed
charges.
8.2.1.22.2.13 Vacating CLEC and assuming CLEC must provide a
signed Transfer Authorization Agreement. Required information on the
Qwest Transfer Authorization Agreement: Qwest Central Office Name,
applicable CLLI codes, Collocation BAN numbers, and charges (from
Exhibit A) for the transfer of the Collocation site.
8.2.1.22.2.14 Prior to submitting a Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility Application without working circuits, vacating CLEC must
ensure that no active circuits exist at the Collocation site to be
transferred.
8.2.1.22.2.15 Prior to transferring a Collocation site with working
circuits, vacating CLEC must notify, in writing, all of its current End User
Customers that utilize the Collocation site's equipment or facilities of the
transfer of service to assuming CLEC, unless vacating CLEC has a
waiver from the FCC or other applicable regulatory authority. Vacating
CLEC must provide an email notification to Qwest with the Collocation
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
90

Section 8
Collocation
Transfer of Responsibility Application representing that all of its End User
Customers have been properly notified or provide a copy of any
applicable waiver.
8.2.1.22.2.16 If the Collocation site being transferred has a direct
CLEC-to-CLEC connection arrangement, a letter of authorization (LOA)
must be submitted with the Collocation Transfer of Responsibility
Application, signed by both CLECs in the direct CLEC-to-CLEC
arrangement authorizing the transfer of the direct CLEC-to-CLEC
connection service to assuming CLEC. A separate LOA is required for
each direct CLEC-to-CLEC relationship associated with the transferring
Collocation site. Each LOA shall identify the CLECs, CLLI codes, and
BANs for their respective Collocations.
8.2.1.22.2.17 Vacating CLEC and/or assuming CLEC will be
responsible for submitting Local Service Requests (LSRs) for Unbundled
Loops, enhanced extended Loops (EELs), and line splitting. Assuming
CLEC may submit LSRs once it has accepted the quotation for the
Collocation Transfer of Responsibility and has received the preliminary
APOT information from Qwest. Orders to transfer Local Interconnection
Service (LIS) trunks and ancillary services (e.g., SS7, 911, operator
services) with no translation activity, as well as private line and Access
Services circuits, will be processed based on the information provided in
the Collocation Transfer of Responsibility Application spreadsheet.
Assuming CLEC is responsible for Directory Assistance (DA), operator
services (OS), Directory Listings, Busy Line Verify/Busy Line Interrupt
(BLV/BLI), and 911 changes, if applicable. Any SS7 changes will need to
be made after the transfer is complete.
8.2.1.22.2.18 After the Collocation Transfer of Responsibility is
complete, vacating CLEC, assuming CLEC, and Qwest are all required to
sign the Qwest Services Transfer Agreement.
8.2.1.22.2.19 Billing. Vacating CLEC will not incur charges for the
transfer of the Collocation site. Vacating CLEC is obligated to pay all
recurring charges associated with the Collocation until Qwest completes
the Collocation Transfer of Responsibility request. Assuming CLEC's
quotation will reflect the following nonrecurring charges associated with
the transfer of the Collocation site: Assessment Fee, payable regardless
of whether the quotation is accepted or not, a Network Systems
Administration Fee, and charges for processing the transfer of working
circuits, if applicable. Upon completion of the Collocation Transfer of
Responsibility, Qwest will begin Billing assuming CLEC for all recurring
charges based on assuming CLEC's Interconnection Agreement and
cease Billing vacating CLEC.
8.2.1.22.3 Abandoned Equipment. If Qwest finds, in the course of
business, reasonable evidence to substantiate that any equipment or property of
CLEC has been abandoned or left unclaimed in or at any Premises, Qwest shall
notify CLEC in writing, via an electronic form, of the existence of such equipment
or property and CLEC shall have sixty (60) Days from the date of receipt of such
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
91

Section 8
Collocation
notice to remove such equipment or property from the Premises. If Qwest has
not received any response to this notice within thirty (30) Days of the sending of
the notice, Qwest shall send a copy of the notice to CLEC via registered mail. If,
prior to the termination of the sixty (60) Day period, CLEC disputes that the
equipment or property has been abandoned or left unclaimed at the Premises,
CLEC shall provide written notice to Qwest of such dispute ("Resolution
Request") and commence Dispute Resolution proceedings pursuant to Section
5.18 of this Agreement. If no Resolution Request has been delivered to Qwest
within sixty (60) Days of the first written notice, all equipment or property of CLEC
not removed from the Premises shall conclusively be deemed and construed to
have been transferred, deeded, and assigned by CLEC to Qwest and may be
appropriated, sold, stored, destroyed and/or otherwise disposed of by Qwest
without further notice to CLEC and without obligation to account therefore, and
CLEC shall reimburse Qwest for all reasonable expenses incurred in connection
with the storage or other disposition of such equipment or property. If CLEC
delivers a Resolution Request but fails to commence Dispute Resolution
proceedings pursuant to Section 5.18 of this Agreement or to otherwise resolve
the dispute with Qwest, within thirty (30) Days of the delivery of such Resolution
Request, then thirty (30) Days after the date of the Resolution Request, all
equipment or property of CLEC not removed from the Qwest Premises shall
conclusively be deemed and construed to have been transferred, deeded, and
assigned by CLEC to Qwest and may be appropriated, sold, stored, destroyed
and/or otherwise disposed of by Qwest without further notice to CLEC and
without obligation to account therefore, and CLEC shall reimburse Qwest for all
reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the storage or other disposition
of such equipment or property. CLEC hereby releases and agrees to defend,
indemnify, and hold harmless Qwest from and against any and all costs,
expenses, claims, judgments, damages, liability or obligation arising out of or in
connection with Qwest's exercise of any or all of its rights under this Section.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section, where CLEC has submitted a
Decommissioning Application, the provisions of Section 8.2.1.22.1 of this
Agreement, shall govern the equipment or property of CLEC and not this Section
unless CLEC fails to remove its equipment or property in accordance with the
terms of Section 8.2.1.22.1 of this Agreement.
8.2.1.23 Qwest shall design and engineer the most efficient route and cable
racking for the connection between CLEC's equipment in its collocated spaces to the
collocated equipment of another CLEC located in the same Qwest Premises; or to
CLEC's own non-contiguous Collocation space. The most efficient route generally will
be over existing cable racking, to the extent Technically Feasible, but to determine the
most efficient route and cable racking, Qwest shall consider all information provided by
CLEC in the Collocation Application form, including but not limited to, distance limitations
of the facilities CLEC intends to use for the connection. CLEC shall have access to the
designated route and construct such connection, using copper, coax, optical fiber
facilities, or any other Technically Feasible method utilizing a vendor of CLEC's own
choosing. CLEC may place its own fiber, coax, copper cable, or any other Technically
Feasible connecting facilities outside of the actual physical Collocation space, subject
only to reasonable NEBS Level 1 safety limitations using the route specified by Qwest.
CLEC may perform such Interconnections at the ICDF, if desired. CLEC may
interconnect its network as described herein to any other collocating Carrier, to any
collocated Affiliate of CLEC, to any End User Customer's premises, and may
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
92

Section 8
Collocation
interconnect CLEC's own collocated space and/or equipment (e.g., CLEC's Physical
Collocation and CLEC's Virtual Collocation on the same Premises). CLEC-to-CLEC
Connections shall be ordered either as part of a Collocation Application under Section
8.4, or separately from a Collocation Application in accordance with Section 8.4.7.
CLEC-to-CLEC Cross Connections at an ICDF are available, as follows:
8.2.1.23.1 CLEC-to-CLEC Cross Connections at the ICDF.
8.2.1.23.1.1 CLEC-to-CLEC Cross Connection (COCC-X) is
defined as CLEC's capability to order a Cross Connection from its
Collocation in a Qwest Premises to its non-adjacent Collocation space or
to another CLEC's Collocation within the same Qwest Premises at the
ICDF.
8.2.1.23.1.2 Qwest will provide the capability to combine these
separate Collocations through an Interconnection Distribution Frame
(ICDF). This is accomplished by the use of CLEC's Connecting Facility
Assignment (CFA) terminations residing at an ICDF. Also, ICDF Cross
Connections must terminate on the same ICDF at the same service rate
level.
8.2.1.23.1.3 If CLEC has its own dedicated ICDF, CLEC is
responsible for ordering tie cables to the common ICDF frame/bay where
the other CLEC resides. These tie cables would be ordered through the
existing Collocation Application form.
8.2.1.23.1.4 CLEC is responsible for the end-to-end service
design that uses ICDF Cross Connection to ensure that the resulting
service meets its End User Customer's needs. This is accomplished by
CLEC using the Design Layout Record (DLR) for the service connection.
8.2.1.23.1.5 If two (2) CLECs are involved, one (1) CLEC acts as
the "ordering" CLEC. The ordering CLEC identifies both connection
CFAs on the ASR. CLEC requests service order activity by using the
standard ASR forms. These forms are agreed upon nationally at the OBF
(Ordering and Billing Forum). Refer to the DMP (Document Management
Platform)/Carrier/Carrier Centers/"A"/"ASOG" for copies of all forms
including definitions of the fields. CLEC is responsible for obtaining these
forms. Qwest must not reproduce copies for its Customers, as this is a
copyright violation. The standard industry forms for CLEC-to-CLEC
Cross Connections (COCC-X) are: Access Service Request (ASR),
Special Access (SPE) and Additional Circuit Information (ACI).
8.2.1.24 Qwest will provide CLEC the same connection to the network as Qwest
uses for provision of services to Qwest End User Customers. The direct connection to
Qwest's network is provided to CLEC through a direct connection to Qwest's existing
Cross Connection network. CLEC and Qwest will share the same distributing frames for
similar types and speeds of equipment, where Technically Feasible and space
permitting.
8.2.1.25 CLEC terminations will be placed on the appropriate Qwest Cross
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
93

Section 8
Collocation
Connection frames using standard engineering principles. CLEC terminations will share
frame space with Qwest terminations on Qwest frames without a requirement for an
intermediate device.
8.2.1.26 If CLEC disagrees with the selection of the Qwest Cross Connection
frame, CLEC may request a tour of the Qwest Premises to determine if Cross
Connection frame alternatives exist, and may request a connection to an alternative
frame or an alternative arrangement, such as direct connections from CLEC's
Collocation space to the MDF or COSMIC frame.
8.2.1.27 Conversions of the various Collocation arrangements (e.g., Virtual to
Physical) will be considered on an Individual Case Basis. CLEC must pay all associated
conversion charges.
8.2.1.28 Qwest shall permit CLEC to construct or subcontract the construction and
build-out of Physical Collocation arrangements with contractors approved by Qwest.
Such CLEC construction of Physical Collocation arrangements are for within CLEC's
physical space including the cage, if appropriate, frames, and cable racking. Also,
CLEC may install the tie cables, blocks, and terminations on the ICDF or CLEC-to-CLEC
connections, outside CLEC's physical space and according to Qwest's design. Qwest
approval of CLEC contractors involves security access arrangements and shall not be
unreasonably withheld. CLEC is not required to use Qwest or Qwest contracted
personnel for the engineering and installation of CLEC's collocated equipment. Approval
by Qwest of CLEC's employees, vendors or subcontractors shall be based on the same
criteria that Qwest uses in approving contractors for its own purposes.
8.2.1.29 Qwest will provide CLEC with written notification at least five (5) business
days before any scheduled non-emergency AC or DC power work in the collocated
facility that may cause a power disruption to CLEC equipment located in the Qwest
facility. This does not include notification of routine power testing or power installation
work not expected to cause a power disruption. Qwest will use diligent efforts to notify
CLEC by the Abnormal Condition Report (ACR) of: (a) general power outages as soon
as Qwest becomes aware that an outage is to take place or has occurred and (b) any
emergency power disruption that would impact CLEC equipment no later than thirty (30)
minutes after such activity commences. Finally, Qwest shall immediately notify CLEC by
ACR if an alarm condition exists with respect to the monitoring of power that poses a
material risk to the continued operation of CLEC equipment.
8.2.1.30 Optional DC Power Measurement. CLEC will order DC power to meet its
needs with a twenty (20) amperes (amp) per feed minimum. If CLEC orders more than
sixty (60) amps, Qwest typically terminates such feed on a power board. If CLEC orders
sixty (60) amps or less, the power feed typically terminates at a battery distribution fuse
board (BDFB). No power measurements are performed at a BDFB. Therefore, for sixty
(60) amps or less, the power usage rate is based on CLEC ordered amps. For power
feeds of greater than sixty (60) amps terminated at the power board, Qwest will measure
usage on a semi-annual basis if CLEC orders Optional DC Power Measurement. Qwest
will also take a reading within thirty (30) Days of a written request by CLEC. Qwest will
perform a maximum of four (4) readings per year for a particular Collocation site. Until
the routine semi-annual reading or until such time that Qwest makes a reading based on
a written request, Qwest will bill CLEC based on the amount of power ordered. Based
on the reading, Qwest will adjust the new monthly usage rate to CLEC's actual usage
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
94

Section 8
Collocation
rate on a going forward basis.
8.2.1.31 Joint Testing. Joint Testing allows CLEC to request Qwest to participate
in Joint Testing of CLEC terminations at the Interconnection Distribution Frame (ICDF).
CLEC may request Joint Testing on the Collocation Application form or by sending a
separate Joint Testing Application form. Collocation and Joint Testing Application forms
are available in the PCAT. CLEC must specify on its application the terminations to be
tested and the type of tests to be performed with Qwest. CLEC must provide contact
information on the application for Qwest to arrange the Joint Testing date and time.
Once CLEC has completed its installation work and is ready for testing, CLEC formally
requests Joint Testing via e-mail to RFSMET@qwest.com. Upon receipt of request
Qwest and CLEC will promptly meet and agree upon a date to perform Joint Testing,
which shall take place no later than thirty (30) Days after the request.
8.2.1.31.1 Qwest will only test between CLEC Collocation and the ICDF
once CLEC equipment is in place. Joint Testing is only available for the
terminations identified on the Collocation Application or Joint Testing Application.
If CLEC wants additional terminations tested that are not identified on its initial
application, CLEC will need to complete a new Joint Testing Application.
8.2.1.31.2 Each Party will provide appropriate test equipment for its
technicians. Qwest will assist CLEC in conducting continuity tests on
terminations at the ICDF. Qwest will not operate CLEC test equipment. If errors
are found during the Joint Testing, Qwest will only repair Qwest network faults.
CLEC is responsible for replacement or repair of CLEC-provided facilities.
8.2.1.31.3 If during the scheduled Joint Testing, the Qwest-caused error
rate is more than two percent (2%) on the terminations identified for testing,
Qwest will not charge for this Joint Testing. If there are less than two percent
(2%) errors found or if the errors found are facility errors on CLEC provided
facilities, Qwest will charge for the Joint Testing. One (1) pair is counted as two
(2) terminations and errors are counted on a one (1) termination basis. If CLEC
requests that the charges be waived because Qwest errors are found during
Joint Testing, Qwest may access CLEC's Collocation space to identify if the
facility cabling sequence is correct, per applicable standards. CLEC may review
Qwest facility cabling at the ICDF to verify the cable sequence, per applicable
standards.
8.2.1.32 DC Power Reduction, Restoration, and Deactivation. DC Power
Reduction With Reservation allows CLEC to reserve a fuse or breaker position on the
power board or battery distribution fuse board (BDFB) when reducing a secondary
power feed to zero. CLEC will pay a monthly power maintenance charge to retain the
existing power cabling and fuse position for future power augment requests or until such
time as CLEC notifies Qwest it wishes to discontinue the option. DC Power Reduction
Without Reservation allows CLEC to reduce the ordered amps on a primary or
secondary feed to a minimum of twenty (20) amps. DC Power Off allows CLEC to
deactivate their secondary power feed and remove it from the power distribution point
(e.g., BDFB or power board). A primary power feed with a minimum of 20 Amps, must
be maintained in each collocation at all times, with the exception of Adjacent Collocation,
Common Area Splitter Collocation, Facility Connected Collocation, and ICDF
Collocation. Adjacent Collocation, Common Area Splitter Collocation, Facility Connected
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
95

Section 8
Collocation
Collocation, and ICDF Collocation do not have a minimum DC power requirement.
8.2.1.32.1 Applications for DC Power Reduction/Restoration/Deactivation
may be submitted only for Collocation sites that have been completed and
accepted by CLEC, otherwise CLEC should follow standard change or augment
procedures including the applicable rates for changes or augments. On the
Collocation Application, CLEC should indicate that it is a request for DC Power
Reduction/Restoration/Deactivation and identify the specific power feeds. Qwest
will notify CLEC of any deficiencies in the Collocation Application, within ten (10)
Days of receipt. A quotation for the DC Power
Reduction/Restoration/Deactivation will be provided to CLEC within twenty-five
(25) Days. The quoted nonrecurring charges will be honored for thirty (30) Days
from the quotation. CLEC payment of all quoted nonrecurring charges
constitutes acceptance and Qwest will then perform the work. If CLEC accepts
the quotation within seven (7) Days, Qwest shall complete the DC Power
Reduction within ninety (90) Days of receipt of the Collocation Application. If
CLEC accepts the quotation after seven (7) Days, Qwest shall complete the DC
Power Reduction within ninety (90) Days of receipt of CLEC's acceptance.
8.2.1.32.2 CLEC assumes all responsibility for outages or impacts to CLEC
services and equipment due to the reduction in DC power. Restoration of the DC
power is contingent upon the desired power and fuse availability.
8.2.1.32.3 Before submitting a Collocation Application requesting DC
Power Reduction/Restoration/Deactivation, CLEC's financial obligations for the
Collocation site must be current, with the exception of formally disputed charges.
Billing to CLEC will be revised to reflect the reduced/restored/eliminated DC
power upon receipt of payment of the quoted charges effective back to the date
of acceptance by Qwest of the Collocation Application.
8.2.1.32.4 If a shortage of fuse positions is imminent, Qwest will notify CLEC
of the need to exercise its option to reuse the power feed and fuse, or relinquish
the fuse position for use by another CLEC or Qwest. Upon receipt of such
notification, CLEC must request restoration of the secondary power feed to at
least twenty (20) amps or return the fuse position to Qwest within thirty (30)
Days.
8.2.1.33 Collocation Available Inventory. Collocation Available Inventory provides
CLEC with information about the availability of (a) returned Collocation sites and
elements under Qwest’s control ("Qwest Postings") and (b) CLEC controlled sites that
may be posted are available for a Transfer of Responsibility ("CLEC Postings"). Qwest
and CLECs may post available Collocation sites on Qwest's wholesale web site at:
http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/collocation_space.html. CLEC must either have an
approved Interconnection Agreement or is currently negotiating with Qwest to have an
interim Interconnection Agreement with the specific type of Collocation to be obtained. If
the Interconnection Agreement is pending approval, CLEC must execute an early
ordering letter. Qwest reserves the right to remove Qwest Postings to satisfy CLEC
Collocation Applications or Qwest space requirements. Qwest shall not use the Qwest
Postings as a basis to claim exhaust in any Qwest Premises.
8.2.1.33.1 CLEC obtaining a Collocation site from Qwest Postings must not
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
96

Section 8
Collocation
have any overdue financial obligations owed to Qwest for Collocation, with the
exception of formally disputed charges. CLEC will be required to pay a minimum
of six (6) months of space construction and floor space lease recurring charges if
CLEC terminates its lease prior to six (6) months occupancy.
8.2.1.33.2 Qwest Postings. Collocation sites available in Qwest Postings
may be partially or fully completed before being returned to Qwest inventory.
Both Caged Physical Collocation and Cageless Physical Collocation sites will be
offered in the Qwest Postings and will be available under the terms and
conditions set forth in the Interconnection Agreement of the CLEC acquiring the
Collocation space. CLEC may request to add to or complete the Collocation site
to its specifications. CLEC may also request that Qwest reduce the cable
terminations and CLEC will be charged for the removal of such cable
terminations.
8.2.1.33.3 All services that were previously connected to the Collocation
(e.g., UNEs, CLEC to CLEC, administrative lines, Finished Services, and Line
Splitting) will be disconnected before the site is listed in the Qwest Postings.
Power, grounding, and Entrance Facilities will also be disconnected before the
site is listed. Qwest shall inventory all reusable and reimbursable elements and
include them in the Collocation site information.
8.2.1.33.4 Qwest may also elect to offer Collocation sites returned through
bankruptcy or abandonment consistent with Applicable Law (i.e., "Special Sites").
These Collocation sites will not be decommissioned and will be posted as
unverified sites with equipment which may include electronic equipment, racks,
cages, DC power, grounding and terminations. It is expressly understood and
agreed that Qwest is selling equipment that is used or surplus equipment on an
"as is, where is" basis with all faults, latent and patent, and the equipment is
conveyed without any Qwest warranties or representations of any kind, express
or implied. CLEC is responsible for all software and software license agreements
for any equipment conveyed as part of a Special Site. CLEC is responsible for
handling, scrapping, destruction or other disposition of any equipment conveyed
as part of a Special Site and shall conform and comply with: (a) All applicable
federal, state, county and municipal laws, statutes, regulations, and codes
regulating hazardous wastes, materials or substances, including, but not limited
to the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) (15 U.S.C. § 2601 et seq.); the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) (42 U.S.C. § 6901 et seq.);
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (HMTA) (49 U.S.C. § 1801 et seq.);
Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) (29 U.S.C. § 651 et seq.);
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act
(CERCLA)(42 U.S.C. § 9601 et seq.); and any successor acts thereto or the
regulations promulgated thereunder and any applicable International laws and
regulations; (b) Environmental rules and regulations governing environmental
impacts associated with the production and or recovery of precious metals, scrap
metals and material processing and or residual material disposition whether
hazardous or non-hazardous as defined by governing laws and or applicable
laws and are the sole responsibility of CLEC; and (c) All hazardous waste,
hazardous material, hazardous substances or solid waste manifests relating to
the shipping, receiving, disposal or final disposition of the equipment shall not
reference, list or otherwise indicate on the manifest that Qwest is the generator,
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
97

Section 8
Collocation
arranger, transporter, owner or otherwise the party that owns, controls, manages,
handles, stores, generates or otherwise uses the equipment. On any required
hazardous waste, hazardous material, hazardous substances or solid waste
manifest relating to the shipping, receiving, disposal or final disposition of the
equipment, CLEC shall be listed as the generator, arranger and owner of the
materials.
8.2.1.33.5 CLEC will submit a Collocation Application indicating a specific
Collocation site from the Collocation Available Inventory. Qwest will follow the
standard Collocation provisioning intervals for the type of Collocation as included
in CLEC's Interconnection Agreement. During preparation of the quotation,
Qwest will validate all reusable elements and send an inventory verification letter.
After receipt of the validated inventory, CLEC may cancel the Collocation
Application or submit a change to the pending Collocation Application. Any
cancellation due to differences between the Qwest Posting and actual inventory
will not result in a QPF or Engineering and Design Fee being charged.
8.2.1.33.6 Charges for Collocation sites listed in the Qwest Postings will be
on a site specific basis, according to assuming CLEC's Interconnection
Agreement and its requested work in the Collocation Application. Assuming
CLEC will receive a fifty percent (50%) discount on nonrecurring reusable
elements, if any, as defined in Section 8.2.1.22.
8.2.1.34 CLEC Collocation of Splitters
8.2.1.34.1 If CLEC elects to have Splitters installed in Qwest Wire Centers
via the standard Collocation arrangements, CLEC will either purchase the
Splitters or have Qwest purchase the Splitters subject to full reimbursement of
the cost of the Splitters plus any pass through of actual vendor invoice costs,
including but not limited to taxes, shipping and handling. The Splitters must meet
the requirements for Central Office equipment Collocation set by the FCC. CLEC
will be responsible for installing and maintaining the Splitters in its Collocation
areas within Qwest Wire Centers.
8.2.1.34.2 Reclassification allows a CLEC that has existing spare
terminations to reclassify those terminations for UNE or other services as
necessary. Reclassification is required when the terminations for the requested
services are inventoried in a database different from the database of the existing
spare terminations. A spare termination is a CLEC termination that is not in use
and has no pending orders against it.
8.2.1.34.3 CLEC may designate some or all of its existing tie cables for use
in connection with UNEs or other services. Qwest will perform any necessary tie
cable reclassifications, frame re-stenciling, and related work for which it is
responsible and that is required to provision Line Splitting and Loop Splitting.
Charges will apply pursuant to Exhibit A of the Agreement.
8.2.1.34.4 Two (2) ITPs and two (2) tie cables will be needed to connect
Splitters to the Qwest network. One (1) ITP will carry both voice and data traffic
from the COSMIC™/MDF Loop termination, to an appropriate ICDF. From this
frame, one (1) tie cable will carry both voice and data traffic to the Splitter located
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
98

Section 8
Collocation
in CLEC's Collocation area. The voice and data traffic will be separated at the
Splitter. The data traffic will be routed to CLEC's network within its Collocation
area. The voice traffic will be routed to the COSMIC™/MDF Switch termination,
via the ICDF, using a second tie cable and a second ITP.
8.2.1.34.5 Interconnection Tie Pairs and Tie Cables. There are two (2)
types of ITP arrangements for connecting the Qwest network to the CLEC
provided Splitter, depending on whether CLEC elects to use an ICDF or direct
connections.
8.2.1.34.5.1 CLEC may elect to use an ICDF. In this instance, one (1)
ITP carries the combined voice/data signal from the COSMIC™/MDF
Loop termination to the ICDF and a second ITP carries the voice only
signal from the ICDF to the COSMIC™/MDF Switch termination. For
each Shared Loop, two (2) pairs of the tie cable must be used: one (1)
pair of the tie cable will carry the voice/data from the ICDF to the CLEC
provided Splitter, and the second pair will carry the voice-only signal from
the CLEC provided Splitter to the ICDF.
8.2.1.34.5.2 CLEC may elect to use direct connections between the
CLEC-provided Splitter and the COSMIC™/MDF. In this instance, Qwest
will provide one (1) tie cable between each module of the
COSMIC™/MDF and the CLEC-provided Splitter. One (1) pair in the tie
cable will carry the combined voice/data signal from the COSMIC™/MDF
Loop termination to the CLEC-provided Splitter in CLEC's Collocation
space. A second pair in the tie cable will carry the voice-only signal from
the CLEC-provided Splitter to the Switch termination on the
COSMIC™/MDF. These tie cables will be dedicated to CLEC's use, and,
as a result, the full cost of the necessary Mechanized Engineering and
Layout for Distributing Frame (MELD™) run, cable placement, and cable
termination, and associated COSMIC™/MDF hardware to terminate a tie
cable on each outside plant and Switch equipment module of the
COSMIC™/MDF will be assessed to CLEC in accordance with Section 8
(Collocation). To minimize CLEC's cost, to the extent feasible, Qwest
shall consolidate CLEC's requirements with the requirements of Qwest
and other CLECs into a single MELD™ run whenever feasible. Costs of
such consolidated MELD™ runs shall be prorated among the parties,
including Qwest. Qwest will provide, for each Shared Loop, the tie cable
pair assignments.
8.2.1.34.6 The Demarcation Points between Qwest's network and CLEC's
network will be the place where the combined voice and data Loop is connected
to the ICDF, or where CLEC chooses a direct connection to the COSMIC™/MDF,
where the combined voice and data Loop originates from CLEC's Collocation.
8.2.1.35 Collocation Joint Inventory Visit. Collocation Joint Inventory Visit allows
CLEC to request a comprehensive visit with Qwest at an existing Central Office
Collocation site. The purpose of this Joint Inventory Visit is to review space, power,
terminations, synchronization, administrative lines, virtual equipment, common area
splitter, AC outlets, and to verify billable rate elements versus actual billing.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
99

Section 8
Collocation
8.2.1.35.1 There will be no time allocated during the visit for testing or
repairing items identified. The Joint Inventory Visit Process excludes physical
review of the Entrance Facility POI location. Inventory will be documented and
any deviations identified on a "Collocation-Joint Inventory Visit Form." This form
will become the basis for a follow-up corrective action plan based on mutual
agreement. A copy will be provided to CLEC prior to the wrap-up conference
call.
8.2.1.35.2 Joint Inventory Visit is available for any Central Office premise
type of Collocation.
8.2.1.35.3 Joint Inventory Visit quotation will be communicated from the
Qwest Collocation Project Management Center (CPMC) via email to CLEC and
followed by an invoice requiring 100% payment. Quotations are sustainable
upon receipt, since the shortened timeframe requires immediate processing by
Qwest.
8.2.1.35.4 The visits will be conducted during normal business hours defined
as: Monday through Friday from 8 am to 5 pm local time excluding Qwest
recognized holidays.
8.2.1.35.5 The Qwest employee conducting the visit will be a knowledgeable
management employee. The Qwest representative will be identified by a State
Interconnect Manager (SICM).
8.2.1.35.6 The overall process for a Collocation Joint Inventory Visit will be
sixty (60) Days from receipt of a valid and complete application to completion of
the Joint Inventory Visit, subject to scheduling availability of both Qwest and the
CLEC.
8.2.1.35.7 A maximum of two scheduling visits will be planned subject to a
minimum forty-eight (48) hour cancellation policy. Any cancellation less than
forty-eight (48) hours prior to the scheduled Joint Inventory Visit time or failure to
conduct the visit by CLEC will result in CLEC being billed and no deliverables
received.
8.2.1.35.8 CLEC must submit a "Joint Inventory Visit Application" to order a
Collocation Joint Inventory Visit. The Joint Inventory Visit Application is available
at http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/pcat/collocation.html#imp.
8.2.1.35.9 Each site requested will require a separate application form. This
is defined as each eleven digit CLLI code location.
8.2.1.35.10 CLEC will receive an email acknowledgment of the application
receipt and validation or feedback on any information requiring clarification within
one (1) business day.
8.2.2 Terms and Conditions - Virtual Collocation
8.2.2.1 Qwest is responsible for installing, maintaining, and repairing virtually
collocated equipment for the purpose of Interconnection or to access UNEs, ancillary
and Finished Services. When providing Virtual Collocation, Qwest shall install, maintain,
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
100

Section 8
Collocation
and repair collocated equipment within the same time periods and with failure rates that
are no greater than those that apply to the performance of similar functions for
comparable equipment of Qwest.
8.2.2.2 CLEC will not have physical access to the virtually collocated equipment
in the Qwest Premises. However, CLEC will have physical access to the Demarcation
Point in the Qwest Premises.
8.2.2.3 CLEC will be responsible for obtaining and providing to Qwest
administrative codes (e.g., common language codes) for all equipment provided by
CLEC and installed in Qwest Premises.
8.2.2.4 CLEC shall ensure that upon receipt of CLEC's virtually collocated
equipment by Qwest, all warranties and access to ongoing technical support are passed
through to Qwest at CLEC's expense. CLEC shall advise the manufacturer and seller of
the virtually collocated equipment that CLEC's equipment will be possessed, installed
and maintained by Qwest.
8.2.2.5 CLEC's virtually collocated equipment must comply with Telcordia
Network Equipment Building System (NEBS) Level 1 safety standards and any statutory
(local, state or federal) and/or regulatory requirements in effect at the time of equipment
installation or that subsequently become effective. CLEC shall provide Qwest interface
specifications (e.g., electrical, functional, physical and software) of CLEC's virtually
collocated equipment. Such safety and engineering standards shall apply to CLEC
equipment only to the degree that they apply to Qwest equipment located in Qwest's
Premises.
8.2.2.6 CLEC must specify all software options and associated plug-ins for its
virtually collocated equipment.
8.2.2.7 CLEC will be responsible for payment of Qwest's initial direct training
charges associated with training Qwest employees for the maintenance, operation and
installation of CLEC's virtually collocated equipment when such equipment is different
than the standard equipment used by Qwest in that Premises. This includes per diem
charges (i.e., expenses based upon effective Qwest labor agreements), travel and
lodging incurred by Qwest employees attending a vendor-provided training course.
8.2.2.8 CLEC will be responsible for payment of reasonable charges incurred in
the maintenance and/or repair of CLEC's virtually collocated equipment in accordance
with this Agreement, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, CLEC shall not be responsible for any costs or charges incurred in the
maintenance and/or repair of CLEC's virtually collocated equipment where such costs or
charges result from Qwest's fault or negligence.
8.2.3 Terms and Conditions - Caged and Cageless Physical Collocation
8.2.3.1 Qwest shall provide Caged and Cageless Physical Collocation to CLEC
for access to UNEs and ancillary services and Interconnection, except that Qwest may
provide Virtual Collocation if Qwest demonstrates to the Commission that Physical
Collocation is not practical for technical reasons or because of space limitations, as
provided in Section 251(c)(6) of the Act.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
101

Section 8
Collocation
8.2.3.2 Physical Collocation is offered in Premises on a space-available, first
come, first-served basis.
8.2.3.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.2.3.4 Qwest will design the floor space in the most efficient manner possible
within each Premises that will constitute CLEC's leased space. CLEC will, in
accordance with the other terms and conditions of this Section, have access to its leased
space.
8.2.3.5 When Qwest constructs the collocated space, Qwest will ensure that the
necessary construction work (e.g., racking, ducting and caging for Caged Physical
Collocation) is performed pursuant to Qwest Technical Publication 77350, including all
construction of CLEC's leased physical space and the riser from the vault to the leased
physical space.
8.2.3.6 Generally, CLEC owns or leases and is responsible for the installation,
maintenance and repair of its equipment located within the physically collocated space
leased from Qwest. One exception is the Bay itself.
8.2.3.6.1 This Section allows CLEC to request Qwest to procure and install
necessary equipment bay infrastructure for CLEC. CLEC agrees to provide
Qwest with all bay specifications needed to procure the proper bay.
8.2.3.6.2 Upon receipt of a complete Collocation Application where the
CLEC has requested that Qwest procure and install the Cageless bay
infrastructure, Qwest will review the bay specifications provided on the
Application. Within three (3) Days of validation of the application, Qwest will
contact CLEC with any questions.
8.2.3.6.3 If Collocation Entrance Facilities and space are available, Qwest
will develop a price quotation within twenty-five (25) Days of completion of the
feasibility study. Price quotations will be honored for thirty (30) Days from the
date the quotation is provided. During this period the Collocation Entrance
Facility and space are reserved pending CLEC's Acceptance of the quoted
charges.
8.2.3.6.4 Within thirty (30) Days of receipt of the quotation, CLEC must
submit Acceptance with 50% payment of the nonrecurring charges or
acknowledge non-Acceptance of the quoted charges.
8.2.3.6.5 Upon receipt of Acceptance and 50% payment of the quoted
nonrecurring charges, Qwest will procure and install the equipment bay on behalf
of CLEC. The equipment bay installation will be completed with the Standard
Installation Intervals listed in this Agreement.
8.2.3.6.6 Upon completion of the Equipment Bay installation, CLEC
assumes ownership of the Equipment Bay and is responsible for removal of the
bay upon Decommissioning of the site. Equipment includes all CLEC owned
electronic equipment, equipment racks, mounting hardware, and CLEC supplied
cable (including direct CLEC-to-CLEC cables).
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
102

Section 8
Collocation
8.2.3.7 Qwest shall permit CLEC to commence installation of its equipment prior
to completion of Qwest's work on the remaining Collocation infrastructure, at no
additional charge to CLEC. Such "early access" date will be negotiated by Qwest and
CLEC on a site specific basis. In order to obtain early access, CLEC must pay eighty
percent (80%) of the remaining fifty percent (50%) of the quoted nonrecurring charges
before early access is granted, leaving a holdback of ten percent (10%) of the originally
quoted nonrecurring charges. All appropriate (i.e., space and cable racking) recurring
charges will begin on a negotiated date. The enclosure for Caged Physical Collocation
must be complete before early access is granted. Such early access by CLEC shall not
interfere with the work remaining to be performed by Qwest.
8.2.3.8 Upon completion of the construction of the Collocation project, Qwest will
work cooperatively with CLEC in matters of joint testing and maintenance.
8.2.3.9 If, during installation, Qwest determines CLEC activities or equipment do
not comply with the NEBS Level 1 safety standards listed in this Section or are in
violation of any Applicable Laws or regulations all equally applied to Qwest, Qwest has
the right to stop all installation work until the situation is remedied. Qwest shall provide
written notice of the non-compliance to CLEC and such notice will include: (1)
identification of the specific equipment and/or installation not in compliance; (2) the
NEBS 1 safety requirement that is not met by the equipment and/or installation; (3) the
basis for concluding that CLEC's equipment and/or installation does not meet the safety
requirement; and (4) a list of all equipment that Qwest locates at the Premises in
question, together with an affidavit attesting that all of that equipment meets or exceeds
the safety standard that Qwest contends CLEC's equipment fails to meet. If such
conditions pose an immediate threat to the safety of Qwest employees, interfere with the
performance of Qwest's service obligations, or pose an immediate threat to the physical
integrity of the conduit system, cable facilities or other equipment in the Premises, Qwest
may perform such work and/or take action as is necessary to correct the condition at
CLEC's expense. In the event that CLEC disputes any action Qwest seeks to take or
has taken pursuant to this provision, CLEC may pursue immediate resolution by the
Commission or a court of competent jurisdiction.
8.2.3.10 All equipment placed will be subject to random safety audits conducted by
Qwest. These audits will determine whether the equipment meets the NEBS Level 1
safety standards required by this Agreement. CLEC will be notified of the results of this
audit. If, at any time, pursuant to a random audit or otherwise, Qwest determines that
the equipment or the installation does not meet the NEBS standards described in
Section 8.2.1.8, CLEC will be responsible for the costs associated with the removal,
modification to, or installation of the equipment to bring it into compliance. Qwest shall
provide written notice of the non-compliance to CLEC, and such notice will include: (1)
identification of the specific equipment and/or installation not in compliance; (2) the
NEBS 1 safety requirement that is not met by the equipment and/or installation; (3) the
basis for concluding that CLEC's equipment and/or installation does not meet the safety
requirement; and (4) a list of all equipment that Qwest locates at the Premises in
question, together with an affidavit attesting that all of that equipment meets or exceeds
the safety standard that Qwest contends CLEC's equipment fails to meet. If CLEC fails
to correct any non-compliance within fifteen (15) Days of written notice of non-
compliance, or if such non-compliance cannot be corrected within fifteen (15) Days of
written notice of non-compliance, and if CLEC fails to take all appropriate steps to
correct any non-compliance as soon as reasonably possible, Qwest may pursue
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
103

Section 8
Collocation
immediate resolution by the Commission or a court of competent jurisdiction. If there is
an immediate threat to the safety of Qwest employees, or an immediate threat to the
physical integrity of the conduit system, cable facilities, or other equipment in the
Premises, Qwest may perform such work and/or take such action as is necessary to
correct the condition at CLEC's expense.
8.2.3.11 Qwest shall provide basic telephone service with a connection jack at the
request of CLEC for Caged or Cageless Physical Collocation space. Upon CLEC's
request, this service shall be available per standard Qwest business service Provisioning
processes and rates.
8.2.3.12 For Caged Physical Collocation, CLEC's leased floor space will be
separated from other CLECs and Qwest space through a cage enclosure. Qwest will
construct the cage enclosure or CLEC may choose from Qwest approved contractors or
may use another vendor of CLEC's own choosing, subject to Qwest's approval which
may not be unreasonably withheld, to construct the cage enclosure. All CLEC
equipment placed will meet NEBS Level 1 safety standards, and will comply with any
local, state, or federal regulatory requirements in effect at the time of equipment
installation or that subsequently become effective.
8.2.3.13 For Cageless Physical Collocation in a Wire Center, the minimum square
footage is nine (9) square feet per bay (however, if smaller bays are or become
available, Qwest will reduce the minimum square footage accordingly). Requests for
multiple bay space will be provided in adjacent bays where possible. When contiguous
space is not available, bays may be commingled with other CLECs' equipment bays.
CLEC may request, through the Qwest Space Reclamation Policy, a price quotation to
rearrange Qwest equipment to provide CLEC with adjacent space.
8.2.4 Transmission Facility Access to Collocation Space
8.2.4.1 For Virtual or Physical Collocation, CLEC may select from four (4)
optional methods for facility access to its Collocation space. They include: 1) fiber
Entrance Facilities, 2) purchasing private line or Access Services, 3) Unbundled Network
Elements, and 4) microwave Entrance Facilities. Other Entrance Facility technologies
may be requested through the BFR process.
8.2.4.2 Collocation Fiber Entrance Facilities. Qwest offers three (3) Fiber
Collocation Entrance Facility options – Standard Fiber Entrance Facility, Cross Connect
Fiber Entrance Facility, and Express Fiber Entrance Facilities. These options apply to
Caged and Cageless Physical Collocation and Virtual Collocation. Fiber Entrance
Facilities provide the connectivity between CLEC's collocated equipment within the
Qwest Wire Center and a Collocation Point of Interconnection (C-POI) outside the Qwest
Wire Center where CLEC shall terminate its fiber-optic facility, except the Express Fiber
Entrance Facilities.
8.2.4.3 CLEC is responsible for providing its own fiber facilities to the C-POI
outside Qwest's Wire Center. Qwest will extend the fiber cable from the C-POI to a
Fiber Distribution Panel (FDP). Additional fiber, conduit and associated riser structure
will then be provided by Qwest from the FDP to continue the run to CLEC's leased
Collocation space (Caged or Cageless Physical Collocation) or CLEC's equipment
(Virtual Collocation). The Qwest-provided facility from the C-POI to the leased
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
104

Section 8
Collocation
Collocation space (Physical Collocation) or CLEC equipment (Virtual Collocation) shall
be considered the Collocation Fiber Entrance Facility. The preceding provisions do not
apply to an Express Fiber Entrance Facility which provides that CLEC fiber will be pulled
to CLEC Collocation equipment without splices or termination on an FDP.
8.2.4.3.1 Standard Fiber Entrance Facility -- The standard fiber Entrance
Facility provides fiber connectivity between CLEC's fiber facilities delivered to the
C-POI and CLEC's Collocation space in increments of twelve (12) fibers. CLEC's
fiber cable is spliced into a Qwest-provided shared fiber entrance cable that
consists of six (6) buffer tubes containing twelve (12) fibers each for a seventy-
two (72) fiber cable. The seventy-two (72) fiber cable shall be terminated on a
Fiber Distribution Panel (FDP). A twelve (12) fiber Interconnection cable is
placed between CLEC's Collocation space and the FDP. The FDP provides
Qwest with test access and a connection point between the transport fiber and
CLEC's Interconnection cable.
8.2.4.3.2 Cross Connect Fiber Entrance Facility - The cross connect fiber
Entrance Facility provides fiber connectivity between CLEC's fiber facilities
delivered to a C-POI and multiple locations within the Qwest Wire Center.
CLEC's fiber cable is spliced into a Qwest-provided shared fiber entrance cable
in twelve (12) fiber increments. The Qwest fiber cable consists of six (6) buffer
tubes containing twelve (12) fibers each for a seventy-two (72) fiber cable. The
seventy-two (72) fiber cable terminates in a fiber distribution panel. This fiber
distribution panel provides test access and flexibility for Cross Connection to a
second fiber distribution panel. Fiber Interconnection cables in four (4) and
twelve (12) fiber options connect the second fiber distribution panel and
equipment locations in the Qwest Wire Center. This option has the ability to
serve multiple locations or pieces of equipment within the Qwest Wire Center.
This option provides maximum flexibility in distributing fibers within the Wire
Center and readily supports Virtual and Cageless Physical Collocation and
multiple CLEC locations in the office. This option also supports transitions from
one (1) form of Collocation to another.
8.2.4.3.3 Express Fiber Entrance Facility – Qwest will place CLEC-
provided fiber cable from the C-POI directly to CLEC’s Collocation space. The
fiber cable placed in the Wire Center must meet NEBS Level 1 fire rating
requirements. If CLEC provided cable does not meet NEBS Level 1 fire rating
requirements then a transition splice will occur in the cable vault to insure that the
cable within the Qwest Wire Center meets requirements. This option will not be
available if there is only one (1) conduit with two (2) unused innerducts (one (1)
for emergency restoral and one for a shared entrance cable).
8.2.4.4 Qwest will designate the location of the C-POI for Virtual, Caged Physical
or Cageless Physical Collocation arrangements.
8.2.4.5 The Collocation Entrance Facility is assumed to be fiber optic cable and
meets industry standards (GR. 20 Core). Metallic sheath cable is not considered a
standard Collocation Entrance Facility. Requests for non-standard entrances will be
considered through the BFR process described in the Bona Fide Request Process
Section of this Agreement. All costs and Provisioning intervals for non-standard
entrances will be developed on an Individual Case Basis.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
105

Section 8
Collocation
8.2.4.6 Qwest shall provide an Interconnection point or points, physically
accessible by both Qwest and CLEC, at which the fiber optic cable carrying CLEC's
circuits can enter Qwest's Wire Center, provided that Qwest shall designate
Interconnection points as close as reasonably possible to its Premises. Qwest shall
offer at least two (2) such Interconnection points at each Qwest Wire Center when at
least two (2) entry points pre-exist and duct space is available. Qwest will not initiate
construction of a second, separate Collocation Entrance Facility solely for Collocation. If
Qwest requires the construction of a new Collocation Entrance Facility for its own use,
then the needs of CLEC will also be taken into consideration.
8.2.4.7 As an alternative to the Fiber Entrance Facilities described above, CLEC
may purchase Qwest Tariffed or cataloged Private Line or Switched Access Services.
8.2.4.8 As an alternative to the Fiber Entrance Facilities described above, CLEC
may purchase unbundled dedicated interoffice transport.
8.2.4.9 Microwave Entrance Facilities. Qwest offers Microwave Entrance
Facilities, on Premises owned or controlled by Qwest, to access CLEC transmission
equipment collocated on or inside the Qwest Premises. The rooftop, duct, conduit, and
riser cable space for Microwave Entrance Facilities is available on a first-come, first-
served basis, where Technically Feasible. CLEC may place its microwave antenna on a
Qwest owned or controlled existing tower, building, or supporting structure, where space
is available, or CLEC may construct such tower or supporting structure, if necessary and
if there is sufficient space and the building structure is not jeopardized. Such microwave
equipment will be limited to that which is necessary for Interconnection to Qwest's
network or access to Qwest's Unbundled Network Elements.
8.2.4.9.1 Qwest will jointly coordinate and plan with CLEC for the placement
and location of the microwave equipment on a non-penetrating roof mount, or an
existing tower or supporting structure on the exterior of a Qwest Premises. The
method of placing CLEC microwave equipment shall be mutually agreed upon.
Tower space or building roof space that allows for unobstructed line-of-sight will
be provided by Qwest where Technically Feasible. A weather proof cable entry
hatch or an existing wave-guide hatch or other suitable entrance into the building
is required. If space is available, CLEC may use an existing cable entry hatch or
a new cable entry hatch will need to be constructed. The cable entry hatch
charges are on a per port used basis.
8.2.4.9.2 CLEC can perform the determination of line-of-sight feasibility or
structural analysis or CLEC can request that Qwest perform either of these
functions. CLEC will submit a Microwave Entrance Facility Application for each
antenna arrangement and each Qwest Premises requested. A site visit will
include appropriate Qwest and CLEC personnel for the purpose of determining
whether an unobstructed line-of-sight is Technically Feasible and structural
analysis of the building. The site visit will take place within fifteen (15) Days, or
as soon thereafter as can be scheduled by the Parties, of receipt by Qwest of
CLEC's Microwave Entrance Facility Application. If CLEC performs the structural
analysis or line-of-sight feasibility, it shall submit a response regarding its
analysis to Qwest and Qwest will only bill for an escort fee per site requested. If
either Party disputes the technical feasibility, space availability, or other
conditions proposed by Qwest, the Parties will promptly petition the Commission
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
106

Section 8
Collocation
for resolution of the dispute.
8.2.4.9.3 If Qwest performs the feasibility analysis, a response will be
provided to CLEC within thirty (30) Days of the site visit with the structural
analysis and line-of-sight feasibility. If the site visit determines that unobstructed
line-of-sight and placement of the microwave equipment are not Technically
Feasible, CLEC will be billed only for the site visit. If the site visit determines that
the placement of microwave equipment is Technically Feasible, Qwest will
provide a quotation for the Microwave Entrance Facility with the quotation for the
submitted Collocation Application. If CLEC does not submit a Collocation
Application for the Premises within thirty (30) Days following the completion of
the line-of-sight and structural feasibility analysis or CLEC subsequently cancels
the Collocation Application, CLEC will be billed for the site visit.
8.2.4.9.4 CLEC must obtain all necessary variances, licenses, approvals
and authorizations from governmental agencies with jurisdiction, such as use
permits, building permits, FCC licenses and FAA approval, if required, to
construct, operate and maintain CLEC's facilities. If Qwest's assistance is
required in order for CLEC to obtain necessary licenses or permits, Qwest will
not unreasonably withhold such assistance. CLEC will pay all expenses
associated with that assistance on a time and materials basis.
8.2.4.9.5 CLEC is responsible for the engineering, purchasing, supplying,
installing, maintaining, repairing and servicing of its microwave specific
equipment. CLEC shall provide the cable from the radio frequency (RF)
equipment to the building cable entry hatch. However, CLEC is not permitted to
penetrate the building exterior wall or roof. Qwest will do all building penetration
and Qwest will install the coaxial cable or wave-guide/transmission facility from
the cable entry hatch to CLEC's Collocation space within the interval, as set forth
in Section 8.4, for the type of Collocation requested by CLEC. CLEC facilities
shall not physically, electronically, or inductively interfere with the existing Qwest
or other CLECs' equipment. Each transmitter individually and all transmitters
collectively, for Qwest, Qwest Affiliates and CLECs, at a given location shall
comply with appropriate federal, state, and local regulations governing the safe
levels of RF radiation.
8.2.4.9.6 Upon expiration or termination of the Collocation arrangement or
the Microwave Entrance Facility, CLEC shall return the antenna space to its
original condition. CLEC shall repair any damages caused by removal of its
microwave equipment, or by the use, operation or placement of its microwave
equipment on the Premises. If CLEC performs the foregoing, Qwest shall
impose no charges on CLEC for such work. In the event CLEC fails to remove
its microwave equipment, CLEC shall be liable to Qwest for all reasonable costs
of removal, restoration of the property, storage, and transportation to CLEC of
such microwave equipment incurred by Qwest.
8.2.5 Terms and Conditions – ICDF Collocation
8.2.5.1 Interconnection Distribution Frame (ICDF) Collocation is available if
CLEC has not obtained Caged or Cageless Physical Collocation, but requires access to
Qwest's Wire Center for combining Unbundled Network Elements, Finished Services,
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
107

Section 8
Collocation
including local Interconnection trunks, and ancillary services. ICDF Collocation provides
CLEC with access to the Interconnection Distribution Frame, where Qwest will terminate
the Unbundled Network Elements, Finished Services and ancillary services ordered by
CLEC. CLEC may combine such services by running a jumper on the ICDF, in
accordance with Section 8.2.5.3. CLEC access to the ICDF will be on the same terms
and conditions described for other types of Collocation in this Section. There are
multiple frames that could be used for ICDF Collocation including, but not limited to, the
following: a) existing Interconnection Distribution Frame (ICDF); b) existing DSX panels
for DS1 and DS3 services; c) new Interconnection Distribution Frame; d) existing toll
frame; e) fiber distribution panel; and, f) existing intermediate frame. Qwest-provided
combinations in accordance with Sections 9.1 and 9.23.3.7 are not provided by Qwest in
CLEC's ICDF Collocation space.
8.2.5.2 All Qwest terminations on the Interconnection Distribution Frame will be
given a frame address. Qwest will establish and maintain frame address records for
Qwest terminations. Qwest will maintain assignment records for each Unbundled
Network Element, Finished Service, and ancillary service ordered by CLEC that is
terminated on the Interconnection Distribution Frame. Qwest will provide CLEC with the
frame assignments for each Unbundled Network Element, Finished Service, and
ancillary service terminated on the ICDF.
8.2.5.3 CLEC will be required to place the jumper connection between frame
addresses to connect Unbundled Loops, ancillary and Finished Services. CLEC will be
required to maintain the records for CLEC-provided jumpers.
8.2.5.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.2.6 Terms and Conditions - Adjacent Collocation and Adjacent Remote Collocation
8.2.6.1 CLEC may request Adjacent Collocation and Adjacent Remote
Collocation in an existing Qwest controlled environmental vault, controlled environmental
hut, or similar structures on or under Qwest owned, leased or otherwise controlled
property contiguous to a Qwest Premises, to the extent Technically Feasible. Adjacent
Collocation in an existing structure shall be ordered as Physical Collocation. Adjacent
Remote Collocation in an existing structure shall be ordered as Remote Collocation.
8.2.6.1.1 Alternatively, if no such structure described above exists, CLEC
may choose to construct or procure a structure to place on or under Qwest
owned, leased or otherwise controlled property contiguous to a Qwest Premises.
Such adjacent structure shall be in accordance with Qwest's design and space
planning for the site. CLEC may propose the design for the adjacent structure,
subject to Qwest's approval. Qwest will review the building and property plans
for the new structure within thirty (30) Days.
8.2.6.1.2 CLEC shall own such structure, subject to a reasonable ground
space lease. If CLEC terminates its Adjacent Collocation space, Qwest shall
have the right of first refusal to such structure under terms to be mutually agreed
upon by the Parties. In the event Qwest declines to take the structure or terms
cannot be agreed upon, CLEC may transfer such structure to another CLEC for
use for Interconnection and or access to UNEs. Transfer to another CLEC shall
be subject to Qwest's approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
108

Section 8
Collocation
withheld. If no transfer of ownership occurs, CLEC is responsible for removal of
the structure and returning the property to its original condition.
8.2.6.2 Qwest shall provide written authorization for use of Qwest's property to
CLEC or CLEC's contractor, to the extent that Qwest owns or controls such property, to
assist CLEC in obtaining any building permits or other approvals that may be necessary
to construct the facility. CLEC is responsible for construction of the structure or
procurement of an existing structure. CLEC is responsible for meeting all State and
municipal building and zoning requirements. As participants in utility easements and
public/private rights of way arrangements, CLEC and Qwest are each responsible for
insuring their respective facilities information (housing locations, cable paths, etc.) is
communicated to OneCall/Blue Stakes-type entities, as appropriate.
8.2.6.3 Qwest will provide power and all other Physical Collocation services and
facilities.
8.2.6.4 Upon request, Qwest will evaluate all parking or other spaces outside the
Qwest Premises on Qwest property that can be reasonably made available to CLEC for
Adjacent Collocation. Qwest will retain a reasonable amount of parking space for Qwest
technicians or other vehicles, including CLEC's. Space below a hoisting area will not be
relinquished for Collocation space.
8.2.6.5 If Physical Collocation space becomes available in a previously
exhausted Qwest structure, Qwest shall not require CLEC to move, or prohibit CLEC
from moving its Collocation arrangement into the Qwest structure. Instead, Qwest shall
continue to allow CLEC to collocate in any adjacent controlled environmental vault,
controlled environmental hut, or similar structure.
8.2.7 Terms and Conditions – Remote Collocation
8.2.7.1 Remote Collocation allows CLEC to collocate in a Qwest Remote
Premises that is located remotely from a Qwest Wire Center building property. Such
Remote Premises include controlled environmental vaults, controlled environmental
huts, cabinets, pedestals and other Remote Terminals.
8.2.7.2 The terms and conditions for Physical Collocation or Virtual Collocation
shall apply to Remote Collocation as appropriate to the specific Remote Premises
structure and subject to technical feasibility (e.g., Section 8.2.3.11 and Section 8.2.4
would not apply), or if appropriate, Adjacent Collocation as set forth above. Space will
be offered in increments appropriate to the Remote Premises structure (i.e., shelf, relay
rack, etc.).
8.2.8 Terms and Conditions – Facility Connected (FC) Collocation
8.2.8.1 Facility Connected (FC) Collocation provides access via an Entrance
Facility if CLEC does not need to collocate equipment in the Wire Center but requires
access for Interconnection or access to UNEs, ancillary services and Finished Services.
CLEC will submit its order using the FC Collocation Application. FC Collocation is
provided on a termination block or termination panel within the designated Wire Center.
Qwest will engineer, provision, maintain and repair all services to the FC Collocation.
CLEC does not have physical access to the FC Collocation.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
109

Section 8
Collocation
8.2.8.2 Qwest will perform the installation of services to the block or panel
termination point indicated by CLEC on its orders, LSRs or ASRs, based on the
connecting facility assignments (CFAs) from CLEC’s alternative point of termination
(APOT) form.
8.2.8.3 FC Collocation is available with the following configurations:
8.2.8.3.1 Copper Entrance Facility for termination and Cross Connection
to appropriate Digital Service Level 0 (DS0) and Digital Service Level 1 (DS1)
UNE services. If utilized for DS1 UNEs, CLEC must transmit a Trunk Level 1
(T1) templated signal over the copper facility. DS1 copper Entrance Facilities will
be wired to a DS1 office repeater to remove line voltage before terminating on
the DSX panel. Qwest will install and charge for this line voltage isolation
equipment.
8.2.8.3.2 Fiber Entrance Facility termination and Cross Connection.
8.2.8.3.3 Other levels of service such as Digital Service Level 3 (DS3) or
DS1 utilizing fiber are available via the Bona Fide Request (BFR).
8.2.8.4 Protection for lightning or voltage is required for copper Entrance
Facilities and will require protection units (i.e., line voltage isolation equipment) on
standard connector blocks on the distribution frame. Qwest will engineer and install this
protection. All copper cables must come through a cable vault and have
grounded/bonded sheaths.
8.2.8.5 CLEC is responsible for providing an Entrance Facility to the Qwest
designated Collocation Point of Interface (C-POI).
8.2.8.6 All Qwest terminations on the termination frame or panel will be given a
frame address. Qwest will maintain frame or panel address records for Qwest
terminations. CLEC will maintain its CFA records.
8.2.9 Terms and Conditions – Common Area Splitter Collocation
8.2.9.1 If CLEC elects to have Splitters installed in Qwest Wire Centers via
Common Area Splitter Collocation, the Splitters will be installed in those Wire Centers in
one (1) of the following locations: (a) in a relay rack as close to CLEC's DS0 termination
points as possible; (b) on an ICDF to the extent such a frame is available; or (c) where
options (a) and (b) are not available, or, in Wire Centers with network access line counts
of less than 10,000, on the COSMIC™/MDF or in some other appropriate location such
as an existing Qwest relay rack or bay. In Wire Centers with access line counts greater
than 10,000, when all common area Splitter bays and racks are fully utilized, space
permitting, Qwest will allow CLEC to place Splitters on the COSMIC™/MDF. CLEC
either may purchase Splitters or have Qwest purchase the Splitters subject to full
reimbursement of the cost of the Splitters plus any pass through actual vendor invoice
costs, including but not limited to taxes, shipping and handling. The Splitters must meet
the requirements for Central Office equipment Collocation set by the FCC. Qwest will be
responsible for installing and maintaining the Splitters, but CLEC will lease the Splitters
to Qwest at no cost. Qwest may commingle the Splitter shelves of different CLECs in a
single relay rack or bay. Qwest will not be responsible for shortages of Splitters or
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
110

Section 8
Collocation
Qwest's inability to obtain Splitters from vendors, if acting as purchasing agent on behalf
of CLEC.
8.2.9.2 Two (2) ITPs and four (4) tie cables will be needed to connect the
Splitters to the Qwest network. One (1) ITP will carry both voice and data traffic from the
COSMIC™/MDF Loop termination, to an appropriate ICDF. From this frame, one (1) tie
cable will carry both voice and data traffic to the Splitter. The voice and data traffic will
be separated at the Splitter, and the separated voice and data traffic will be routed to the
ICDF via separate tie cables (i.e., the second and third tie cables). At the ICDF, the data
traffic will be routed to CLEC's Collocation area via a fourth tie cable, and the voice
traffic will be routed to the COSMIC™/MDF Switch termination, via a second ITP. CLEC
can also elect a direct connect option pursuant to Section 8.3.1.11.2.
8.2.9.3 Qwest will provide the cabling used for tie cables between the Splitter and
the ICDF. The Splitter Tie Cable Connection Charge will apply.
8.2.9.4 The Demarcation Point between Qwest's network and CLEC's network
will be at the place where the data Loop leaves the Splitter on its way to CLEC's
collocated equipment, or at the ICDF, where the data port is cabled to existing CLEC
Collocation tie cable.
8.2.9.5 New Splitter shelves may be ordered at the same time as a new
Collocation on a single Collocation Application form and a single order processing
charge will apply. New Splitter shelves may be ordered with an existing Collocation by
submitting a new Collocation Application and the applicable fee. Standard intervals as
contained in Exhibit C will apply.
8.2.9.6 Splitter Deployment
8.2.9.6.1 New applications for installation of Splitters will be processed in
the manner outlined in the Collocation Section for Cageless Collocation.
8.2.9.6.2 CLEC may submit applications for additional DS0 tie cable
terminations and/or reclassification to support UNE or other services. Qwest will
process any such applications for augmentation and/or reclassification of DS0 tie
cable terminations under intervals as outlined below in this Section.
8.2.9.6.3 Augmentation intervals will be thirty (30) Days, subject to the
following terms and conditions identified below:
8.2.9.6.3.1 The interval for reclassification will be fifteen (15)
Days, subject to the following terms and conditions. If the requested
reclassification engineering results in additional requirements for DS0 tie
cable terminations or tie cable support, the interval will default to thirty
(30) Days.
8.2.9.6.3.2 In the event CLEC, or Qwest acting as purchasing agent
for CLEC, is unable to procure any equipment needed to complete all
work required by applications submitted to Qwest by CLEC, including but
not limited to, Splitters or cabling, Qwest will install the subject equipment
when it becomes available. If Qwest is acting as purchasing agent for
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
111

Section 8
Collocation
CLEC and is unable to procure equipment to complete all work in a timely
manner, CLEC may provide Qwest with the subject equipment. CLEC
will be notified by Qwest of the required material on-site date for the
affected Wire Center(s) and CLEC will have two (2) business days to
determine if it will be able to provide the subject equipment in advance of
the material on-site date. If CLEC does not notify Qwest in writing of its
intent to provide the subject equipment within this two (2) business day
period, or if the subject equipment is not provided in a timely manner,
Qwest will install the subject equipment when available.
8.3 Rate Elements
Rate elements for Collocation are included in Exhibit A.
8.3.1 Rate Elements - All Collocation
8.3.1.1 Qwest will recover Collocation costs through both recurring and
nonrecurring charges. The charges are determined by the scope of work to be
performed based on the information provided by CLEC on the Collocation Application. A
quotation is then developed by Qwest for the work to be performed.
8.3.1.2 The following elements as specified in Exhibit A of this Agreement are
used to develop a price quotation in support of Collocation:
8.3.1.3 Quotation Preparation Fee. A non-refundable charge for the work
required to verify space and develop a price quotation for the total costs to CLEC for its
Collocation request.
8.3.1.3.1 Planning and Engineering Fee. Augment Quotation Preparation
Fee. A non-refundable nonrecurring charge for the work required to plan, design,
engineer, and develop a price quotation for the total costs to CLEC for its request
to augment existing Collocations, including, without limitation, adding/removing
cables and adding/removing terminations.
8.3.1.4 Collocation Entrance Facility Charge. Provides for the fiber optic cable (in
increments of 12 fibers) from the C-POI utilizing Qwest owned, conventional single mode
type of fiber optic cable to the collocated equipment (for Virtual Collocation) or to the
leased space (for Caged or Cageless Physical Collocation). The Collocation Entrance
Facility includes manhole, conduit/innerduct, placement of conduit/innerduct, fiber cable,
fiber placement, splice case, a splice frame, fiber distribution panel, and relay rack.
Charges apply per fiber pair. Express Fiber Entrance Facility does not include fiber
cable, splice case, a splice frame or fiber distribution panel. Microwave Entrance Facility
charges are addressed in 8.3.1.17.
8.3.1.5 Cable Splicing Charge. Represents the labor and equipment to perform a
subsequent splice to CLEC provided fiber optic cable after the initial installation splice.
Includes per-setup and per-fiber-spliced rate elements.
8.3.1.6 -48 Volt DC Power Usage Charge. Provides -48 volt DC power to CLEC
collocated equipment and is fused at one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the
request. The -48 volt DC Power Usage Charge applies to the quantity of -48 volt
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
112

Section 8
Collocation
capacity specified by CLEC in its order on a per ampere (amp) basis. There is a one (1)
amp minimum charge for -48 volt DC power usage.
8.3.1.6.1 Optional -48 Volt DC Power Usage Charge is available for orders
of greater than sixty (60) amps. If CLEC orders Optional DC Power
Measurement, Qwest will initially apply the -48 Volt DC Power Usage Charge
from Exhibit A to the quantity of power ordered by CLEC. Qwest will determine
the actual usage at the power board as described in Section 8.2.1.30. Qwest will
adjust the monthly usage rate based upon the actual usage on a going forward
basis. There is a one (1) amp minimum charge for -48 volt DC power usage.
8.3.1.6.2 Power Plant per Amp. Provides plant infrastructure to support the
-48 volt DC power to CLEC collocated equipment. Power plant is built to support
the amount of DC power usage ordered by CLEC and may be reduced with a
power reduction request.
8.3.1.7 AC Power Feed. Recovers the cost of providing for the engineering and
installation of wire, conduit and support, breakers and miscellaneous electrical
equipment necessary to provide the AC power, with generator backup, to CLEC's space.
The AC Power feed is optional. The AC Power Feed is available with single or triple
phase options. The AC Power Feed is rated on a per foot and per ampere basis.
8.3.1.8 Inspector Labor Charge. Provides for Qwest qualified personnel, acting
as an inspector, when CLEC requires access to the C-POI after the initial installation. A
call-out of an inspector after business hours is subject to a minimum charge of three (3)
hours. The minimum call-out charge shall apply when no other employee is present in
the location, and an 'off-shift' Qwest employee (or contract employee) is required to go
'on-shift' on behalf of CLEC.
8.3.1.9 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.3.1.10 Interconnection Tie Pairs (ITP) are described in the UNE Section, and
apply for each Unbundled Network Element, ancillary service or Interconnection service
delivered to CLEC. The ITP provides the connection between the Unbundled Network
Element, ancillary service or Interconnection service and the Demarcation Point.
8.3.1.11 Collocation Terminations. Terminations are purchased by CLEC for the
purpose of accessing Unbundled Network Elements. These terminations may be
requested in Shared Access and Direct Connection Configurations.
8.3.1.11.1 Shared Access
8.3.1.11.1.1 In a Shared Access configuration, there are multiple
frames that could be designated as an ICDF or an appropriate
Demarcation Point including, but not limited to, the following:
a) Existing Interconnection Distributing Frame (ICDF)
b) Existing DSX Panels for DS1 and DS3 services
c) New Interconnection Distributing Frame
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
113

Section 8
Collocation
d) Existing Toll Frame
e) Fiber Distribution Panel
f) Existing Intermediate Frame
8.3.1.11.1.2 The ICDF is the test access point. It would not be
uncommon to find multiple service providers, including Qwest, on the
ICDF at any one time. This element includes Qwest's provided
termination blocks or panels and the associated cost for placement of the
blocks or panels. Cabling is also required and may be provided by CLEC
or at its request, Qwest will provide cabling at an additional charge.
When Qwest provides the cabling, Collocation Block Termination rates
will apply as contained in Exhibit A of this Agreement. When CLEC
provides the cabling, Collocation Termination rates, on a per termination
basis, will apply as contained in Exhibit A of this Agreement. When CLEC
provides and installs the tie cables, blocks and terminations on the ICDF,
no Collocation Termination rates will apply.
8.3.1.11.2 Direct Connection
8.3.1.11.2.1 Direct Connection provides an uninterrupted path
from the Collocation space to an existing frame. This option will
guarantee that there will not be an ICDF. The connection will be
designed from the Collocation space to the same frame that Qwest uses
to connect to that specific service. For example, if CLEC wants to
connect directly from its Collocation space to a 911 router, the
infrastructure for the 911 trunks will terminate in a DS1 bay location with
the 911-router circuits. There are several options for the location of the
Demarcation Point. CLEC will select its desired option via the Direct
Connection Collocation Application. If CLEC chooses a demarcation
inside the Collocation space, CLEC should order and install the
termination equipment itself. Demarcation equipment must be noted on
the order form so that a CLLI code and unique tie cable assignments can
be generated for systems flow through. If CLEC chooses a demarcation
outside its Collocation space, Qwest will maintain and inventory this
device. Direct terminations may be ordered where frame space is
available. If frame space is exhausted the terminations may need to be
made at another frame. Upon completion of the pre-provisioning of the
Direct Connection, CLEC will receive an Alternate Point of Termination
(APOT) form so that it may order Finished Services and UNEs. CLEC will
be responsible for augmenting terminations as required. The Direct
Connection APOT information must be provided on the ASR or LSR to
insure that the services are designed to the dedicated path.
8.3.1.11.2.2 CLEC's termination point will require a CLLI code
(e.g., Frame Number) and the dedicated tie pairs will require a unique
name to enable automatic assignment through TIRKS and SWITCH
via Carrier Facilities Address (CFA) methods.
8.3.1.11.2.3 If CLEC wishes to arrange terminations on a 2-wire
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
114

Section 8
Collocation
POTS level cross connect device of the modular type, i.e. COSMIC
Hardware, standard-engineering principles will apply. Provisioning
intervals and costs will be customized and determined on an Individual
Case Basis (ICB). A five (5) year forecast including terminations per
quantities will be required. MELD runs will be required for the initial
COSMIC plan and each subsequent block addition. To minimize
CLEC's cost, to the extent feasible, Qwest shall consolidate CLEC's
requirements with the requirements of Qwest and other CLECs into a
single MELD run whenever feasible. Costs of such consolidated
MELD runs shall be prorated among the parties, including Qwest.
Minimum installation requires at least one (1) block for every two (2)
outside plant modules. A one-half (½) shelf of block capacity must be
reserved for future block space.
8.3.1.11.2.4 Requests for terminations at a DS0, DS1, DS3 and
optical level (non-POTS) may also be made directly to the respective
frame or panel (i.e., toll frame, DSX, FDP, etc.). Direct Connections to
these frames do not require MELD runs and short jumper engineering
principals, as with the COSMIC frame. However these connections will
require coordination between Qwest and CLEC to ensure that the cable is
terminated in an existing frame with the service that CLEC is wishing to
connect with. Direct Connection is ordered via the supplemental
Collocation order form, Direct Connection (DC-POT). Timing, pricing and
feasibility will be determined on the basis of a specific, in-depth building
analysis. Direct Connections are available where available frame space
permits. If frame space is exhausted, terminations may need to be made
at another frame. Space availability will be determined during the
feasibility request phase of the order. Rates for Direct Connection
Terminations will be on an ICB basis using rates defined in Exhibit A.
8.3.1.11.3 Terminations must be purchased in the following increments:
DS0 in blocks of one hundred (100) or per termination; DS1 in increments of
twenty-eight (28) or per termination; and DS3 in increments of one (1) coaxial
cable termination or fiber in twelve (12) fiber strands (six (6) fiber pairs).
8.3.1.12 Security Charge. This charge applies to the keys/card and card readers
required for CLEC access to the Qwest Premises for the purpose of Collocation. There
are two monthly recurring rate elements associated with Security Access. The first rate
element is per access card, per CLEC employee, per month. The second rate element
is the number of card accessible premises, per CLEC employee, per month, as included
in Exhibit A to this Agreement.
8.3.1.13 Composite Clock/Central Office Synchronization. Recovers the cost of
providing composite clock and/or DS1 synchronization signals traceable to a stratum
one source. CLEC must determine the synchronization requirements for CLEC's
equipment and notify Qwest of these requirements when ordering the clock signals.
Central Office Synchronization is required for Virtual Collocation involving digital services
or connections. Synchronization may be required for analog services. Central Office
Synchronization is available where Qwest Central Offices are equipped with Building
Integrated Timing Supply (BITS). The rate is applied on a per Port basis in accordance
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
115

Section 8
Collocation
with Exhibit A.
8.3.1.14 -48 Volt DC Power Cable Charge. Provides for the transmission of -48
volt DC power to the collocated equipment and is fused at one hundred twenty-five
percent (125%) of request. It includes engineering, furnishing and installing the main
distribution bay power breaker, associated power cable, cable rack and local power bay
to the closest power distribution bay. It also includes the power cable (feeders) A and B
from the local power distribution bay to the leased physical space (for Caged or
Cageless Physical Collocation) or to the collocated equipment (for Virtual Collocation). It
is charged per foot, per A and B feeder.
8.3.1.15 Space Availability Report Charge – Recovers the cost of preparing a
Space Availability Report in accordance with Section 8.2.1.9.1.
8.3.1.16 CLEC-to-CLEC Connection Charge. Recovers the cost of order
processing, design and engineering. Additional charges will be assessed for Virtual
Collocation connections and cable holes, if applicable. There will be recurring charges
for cable racking.
8.3.1.17 Microwave Entrance Facility – The charges for Microwave Entrance
Facility include the recurring and nonrecurring charges associated with preliminary
rooftop engineering and survey analysis, Premises structural analysis and line of sight
feasibility, if performed by Qwest; space rental for the rooftop and existing antenna
support structure, cable racking, cable, building penetration for cable entry, and other
work as required.
8.3.1.18 Joint Testing Charges: The charges for Joint Testing are nonrecurring.
Set up and testing charges are based on the virtual collocation maintenance rate
specified in Exhibit A. The set up fee has a minimum of one (1) hour per joint testing
request at the specified Virtual Collocation maintenance rate, specified in Exhibit A, and
a per half-hour charge at the same rate for any time exceeding the one (1) hour for
testing. Qwest will not charge for the Joint Testing based on the Joint Testing Qwest-
caused error rate as described in Section 8.2.1.31.3.
8.3.1.19 DC Power Reduction Restoration and Deactivation Rates: CLEC will be
charged the applicable nonrecurring Quote Preparation Fee (QPF) or Engineering and
Design Fee and the DC Power Reduction or DC Power Restoration fee per Collocation
request. Nonrecurring charges associated with the work required to reduce the fuse or
breaker size, rewiring the power lead at the power source or relocation of the power feed
will be on an ICB basis. When power is restored, nonrecurring charges will be assessed
on an ICB basis for the work required to restore the power utilizing standard power rate
elements for power usage, labor and cabling charges. CLEC will be charged a
nonrecurring charge for moves between the battery distribution fuse board and the
power board (for location changes) necessary for DC power reduction/restoration.
When Power is turned off or deactivated on a secondary power feed nonrecurring
charges (i.e. Power off) will be assessed for the work required to disconnect the power
feed from the power distribution point. A recurring power maintenance charge is
associated with the option to hold the power infrastructure for a secondary feed for
potential future use by CLEC. The recurring charge will terminate on the date a
restoration job completes for the power feed or CLEC returns the fuse position to Qwest.
If Qwest is unable to provide the requested power restoration of the held feed(s) due to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
116

Section 8
Collocation
exhaustion of power capacity, Qwest will refund all Power Maintenance Charges
collected since the reservation was accepted.
8.3.1.20 Collocation Available Inventory Charges. For standard Qwest Postings of
Collocation Available Inventory, CLEC will be charged the standard Collocation rates,
including the applicable QPF or Engineering and Planning Fee. CLEC will also be
charged for removal of terminations. For Special Sites, assuming CLEC will be charged
a Special Site Assessment Fee instead of the standard QPF, unless CLEC requests an
augment to the existing site in its initial Collocation Application, then the standard
approved QPF will be charged as defined in Exhibit A. CLEC ordering a Special Site, in
addition to the standard Collocation rates, will also be charged a nonrecurring Network
Systems Administration Fee for the systems and record updates required to transfer the
Collocation Site to assuming CLEC and, if a site survey is requested by CLEC, a Site
Survey Fee. Any CLEC equipment left in the site will be transferred to assuming CLEC
at no charge. Recurring charges for all products and services will be charged at rates
listed in assuming CLEC Interconnection Agreement without a discount.
8.3.1.21 Collocation Joint Inventory Visit Charges. The pricing for Joint Inventory
Visit is a state-specific, nonrecurring charge identified in Exhibit A.
8.3.1.22 Maintenance Labor. Provides for the labor necessary for repair of out of
service and/or service-affecting conditions and preventative maintenance of CLEC
collocated equipment. CLEC is responsible for ordering maintenance spares. Qwest
will perform maintenance and/or repair work upon receipt of the replacement
maintenance spare and/or equipment from CLEC. A call-out of a maintenance
technician after business hours is subject to a minimum charge of three (3) hours.
8.3.1.23 Engineering Labor. Provides the planning and engineering of CLEC
collocated equipment at the time of installation, change or removal.
8.3.1.24 Installation Labor. Provides for the installation, change or removal of
CLEC collocated equipment.
8.3.2 Rate Elements - Virtual Collocation
The following rate elements, as specified in Exhibit A, apply uniquely to Virtual Collocation.
8.3.2.1 Maintenance Labor. Provides for the labor necessary for repair of out of
service and/or service-affecting conditions and preventative maintenance of CLEC
virtually collocated equipment. CLEC is responsible for ordering maintenance spares.
Qwest will perform maintenance and/or repair work upon receipt of the replacement
maintenance spare and/or equipment from CLEC. A call-out of a maintenance
technician after business hours is subject to a minimum charge of three (3) hours.
8.3.2.2 Training Labor. Provides for the training of Qwest personnel on a
metropolitan service area basis provided by the vendor of CLEC's virtually collocated
equipment when that equipment is different from Qwest-provided equipment. Qwest will
require three (3) Qwest employees to be trained per metropolitan service area in which
CLEC's virtually collocated equipment is located. If, by an act of Qwest, trained
employees are relocated, retired, or are no longer available, Qwest will not require CLEC
to provide training for additional Qwest employees for the same virtually collocated
equipment in the same metropolitan area. Where more than one (1) CLEC in the same
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
117

Section 8
Collocation
metropolitan area selects the same virtually collocated equipment, the training costs
shall be prorated to each according to the number of CLECs so selecting.
8.3.2.3 Equipment Bay. Provides mounting space for CLEC virtually collocated
equipment. Each bay includes the seven (7) foot bay, its installation, and all necessary
environmental supports. Mounting space on the bay, including space for the fuse panel
and air gaps necessary for heat dissipation, is limited to seventy-eight (78) inches. The
monthly rate is applied per shelf. CLEC may request use of alternate bay heights of nine
(9) foot and eleven (11) foot six (6) inches, which will be considered on an Individual
Case Basis. No Equipment Bay Charge is assessed if CLEC provides its own
equipment bay.
8.3.2.4 Engineering Labor. Provides the planning and engineering of CLEC
virtually collocated equipment at the time of installation, change or removal.
8.3.2.5 Installation Labor. Provides for the installation, change or removal of
CLEC virtually collocated equipment.
8.3.2.6 Floor Space Lease. Required for Virtual Collocation only in the instance
where CLEC provides its own equipment bay. This rate element provides the monthly
lease for the space occupied by CLEC-provided equipment bay, including property taxes
and base operating cost without –48 volt DC power. Includes convenience 110 AC, 15
amp electrical outlets provided in accordance with local codes and may not be used to
power transmission equipment or –48 volt DC power generating equipment. Also
includes maintenance for the leased space; provides for the preventative maintenance
(climate controls, filters, fire and life systems and alarms, mechanical systems, standard
HVAC); biweekly housekeeping services (sweeping, spot cleaning, trash removal) of
Qwest Premises areas surrounding CLEC-provided equipment bay and general repair
and maintenance. The Floor Space Lease includes required aisle space on each side of
CLEC-provided equipment bay.
8.3.2.7 Space Construction. This rate element includes the material and labor to
construct and prepare the space, including all support structure, cable racking specific to
the bay site. It also includes air conditioning (to support CLEC loads specified), lighting
(not to exceed two (2) watts per square foot), and convenience outlets and the cost
associated with space engineering. These elements have recurring and nonrecurring
charges.
8.3.2.8 Cable Rack. This rate element includes the metal structure that holds
and routes cabling throughout the Qwest Central Office that attaches to the bay specific
racking. This element has recurring and nonrecurring charges.
8.3.3 Rate Elements - Physical Collocation
8.3.3.1 Space Construction and Site Preparation. Includes the material and labor
to construct and prepare the space, including all support structure, cable racking and
lighting required to set up the space. It also includes air conditioning (to support CLEC
loads specified), lighting (not to exceed 2 watts per square foot), and convenience
outlets (3 per Caged or Cageless Collocation or number required by building code) and
the cost associated with space engineering. If a new line-up is established for Cageless
Collocation, an AC power outlet will be provided at every other bay in the line-up.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
118

Section 8
Collocation
Cageless bays placed in existing line-ups will use the existing outlets. For Caged
Collocation, it includes a nine (9) foot high cage enclosure. CLEC may choose from
Qwest approved contractors or may use another vendor of CLEC's own choosing,
subject to Qwest's approval, which may not be unreasonably withheld, to construct the
space, including the cage in the case of Caged Collocation, in accordance with NEBS
Level 1 safety requirements. Pricing for the Space Construction and Site Preparation is
described in Exhibit A. In the case of Shared Collocation, Qwest may not increase the
cost of site preparation or nonrecurring charges above the TELRIC cost for Provisioning
such a cage of similar dimensions and material to a single collocating party, and Qwest
must prorate the charge for site conditioning and preparation by determining the total
charge for site preparation and allocating that charge to CLEC based on the percentage
of the total space used by CLEC. Qwest must in all cases of Shared space Collocation
allocate space preparation, conditioning, security measures and other Collocation
charges on a pro-rated basis to ensure that the charges paid by CLEC as a percentage
of the total overall space preparation and conditioning expenses do not exceed the
percentage of the total Collocation space used by CLEC.
8.3.3.1.1 Space Construction and Site Preparation Single Bay Credit. A
credit is applied to the standard two-bay Space Construction and Site
Preparation fee included in Exhibit A when CLEC requests a Cageless single-bay
configuration. The incremental material and labor costs to install a second bay
will be credited.
8.3.3.1.2 Space Construction Fencing Credit. Credit that is applied when
CLEC hires an outside company to install the cage fencing. If that option is
selected, CLEC will receive a recurring and nonrecurring charge credit for the
portion of the rate in Section 8.3.3.1 that covers Qwest-performed installation of
the fencing.
8.3.3.2 Floor Space Lease. Provides the monthly lease for the leased physical
space, property taxes and base operating cost without -48 volt DC power. Includes
convenience 110 AC, 15 amp electrical outlets provided in accordance with local codes
and may not be used to power transmission equipment or -48 volt DC power generating
equipment. Also includes maintenance for the leased space; provides for the
preventative maintenance (climate controls, filters, fire and life systems and alarms,
mechanical systems, standard HVAC); a pro-rata share of biweekly housekeeping
services (sweeping, spot cleaning, trash removal) of Qwest Premises common areas
surrounding the leased physical space and general repair and maintenance. The Floor
Space Lease includes required aisle space on each side of the cage enclosure, as
applicable.
8.3.3.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.3.3.4 Collocation Grounding Charge for Caged Collocation. Used to connect
the Premises common ground to CLEC cage. Recurring and nonrecurring charges are
assessed per foot to CLEC's equipment.
8.3.3.5 Equipment Bay. Provides mounting space for CLEC collocated
equipment in a Cageless Collocation only. This charge includes the seven, nine, or
eleven foot bay, its installation, and all necessary environmental supports and end guard
costs. Mounting space on the bay, including space for the fuse panel and air gaps
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
119

Section 8
Collocation
necessary for heat dissipation, is limited to seventy-eight (78) inches.
8.3.3.6 Spacers: Provides for cost associated with procuring and installing
spacer and associated mounting brackets with the Equipment Bay described in 8.3.3.5
above. Spacer(s) will be procured based on customer requested width and to match
existing office environment height.
8.3.4 Rate Elements - ICDF Collocation
8.3.4.1 Rate elements for ICDF Collocation include security, QPF, DS0 circuit
legs, DS1 circuit legs, DS3 circuit legs, and fiber circuit legs. Circuit legs are defined as
termination blocks/panels and cables that are provisioned to meet CLEC's ICDF
Collocation needs. These rate elements and their associated charges are used to
develop a price quotation for the ICDF Collocation based on CLEC's Collocation
Application.
8.3.5 Rate Elements – Adjacent and Adjacent Remote Collocation
8.3.5.1 The charges for Adjacent and Adjacent Remote Collocation will be
developed on an Individual Case Basis, except where the Commission finds that
standard pricing elements can be reasonably identified and their costs determined,
depending on the specific needs of CLEC and the unique nature of the available
adjacent space (e.g., existing structure or new structure to be constructed).
8.3.6 Rate Elements – Remote Collocation
8.3.6.1 Space Per Standard Mounting Unit – 1.75 (one and seventy-five one
hundredths) vertical inches. This nonrecurring rate is associated with the cabinet space
and includes the cost of the cabinet and all of the work and materials associated with
placement of the cabinet. The recurring rate associated with the space covers
maintenance of the materials and equipment associated the cabinet as well as a portion
of the costs required for the power pedestal.
8.3.6.1.1 Feeder Distribution Interface (FDI) Terminations (per twenty-five
(25) pair). This nonrecurring rate includes costs associated with initial FDI
upgrade work required to provide the terminations requested at the FDI. The
recurring rate associated with the FDI covers maintenance of the cable between
the FDI and the remote collocation cabinet, as well as maintenance of the
terminations at the FDI. These charges will apply for both DS0 and DS1.
8.3.6.1.2 -48 Volt DC Power Usage Less Than or Equal to Sixty (60) Amps.
Provides -48 volt DC power to CLEC's collocated equipment and is fused at one
hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the request. The -48 volt DC power
usage charge applies to the quantity of -48 volt capacity specified by CLEC in its
order on a per-ampere (amp) basis.
8.3.6.1.3 Quote Preparation Fee. A non-refundable nonrecurring charge for
the work required to plan, design, engineer, and develop a price quotation for
CLEC’s Collocation request.
8.3.6.2 Additional Virtual Remote Terminal Features. Work functions that may be
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
120

Section 8
Collocation
required in the installation or repair of the Virtual Remote Collocation.
8.3.6.2.1 Flat Charge, Per Job. Nonrecurring charge to recover service
order costs when an additional service order must be issued when necessary for
CLEC’s additional request for installation and maintenance-related work.
8.3.6.2.2 Engineering Rate. Provides the planning and engineering of
CLEC virtually remote collocated equipment at the time of installation, change or
removal. Business hours are considered to be Monday through Friday, 8:00 am
to 5:00 pm (local time), and after business hours are after 5:00 pm and before
8:00 am (local time), Monday through Friday, all day Saturday, Sunday and
holidays
8.3.6.2.3 Installation. Provides for the installation, change or removal of
CLEC virtually remote collocated equipment.
8.3.6.2.4 Training. Provides for the training of Qwest personnel on a
metropolitan service area basis provided by the vendor of CLEC's virtually
remote collocated equipment when that equipment is different from Qwest-
provided equipment.
8.3.7 Rate Elements – CLEC-to-CLEC Connections
8.3.7.1 The charges for CLEC-to-CLEC Connections are addressed in Section
8.3.1.16.
8.3.8 Rate Elements – Facility Connected (FC) Collocation
8.3.8.1 Rate elements for Facility Connected (FC) Collocation include: QPF or
Planning and Engineering; copper entrance facility; fiber entrance facility; termination
block with gas protectors; termination panel; and DS1 voltage isolation. Charges
associated with these rate elements are specified in Exhibit A of this Agreement. These
rate elements and their associated charges are used to develop a price quotation for FC
Collocation based on CLEC's FC Collocation Application and the type of Entrance
Facility requested.
8.3.9 Rate Elements – Splitter Collocation
8.3.9.1 Tie Cable Reclassification Charge – A nonrecurring charge will apply,
based on time and materials for reclassification of existing tie cable capacity, by among
other things, reclassification of existing tie cables, frame re-stenciling, and any other
work performed between CLEC's Collocation and the Interconnection Distribution Frame
(ICDF) required to provision UNEs and other services.
8.3.9.2 Trouble Isolation Charge – A Miscellaneous Charge will be applied for
trouble isolation in accordance with Maintenance and Repair processes set forth in the
Maintenance and Repair Section of this Agreement. Exhibit A includes charges for
Trouble isolation.
8.3.9.3 Additional Testing – CLEC may request Qwest to perform additional
testing, and Qwest may decide to perform the requested testing on a case-by-case
basis. A nonrecurring charge will apply in accordance with Exhibit A.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
121

Section 8
Collocation
8.3.9.4 Splitter Shelf Charge – This charge recovers installation and ongoing
maintenance associated with Splitter installation, bay installation, lighting costs, aerial
support structures and grounding charge for Splitters either in a bay, on the ICDF, or on
the MDF/COSMIC™. These are both recurring and nonrecurring charges.
8.3.9.5 Splitter Charge – A nonrecurring charge will apply for the cost of each
Splitter purchased by Qwest on behalf of CLEC. This charge will cover the cost of the
Splitter, plus any associated costs incurred by Qwest to order the Splitter.
8.3.9.6 Engineering – A nonrecurring charge will apply for the planning and
engineering associated with placing Splitters in the Central Office, either in a bay, on the
ICDF, or on the MDF/COSMIC™.
8.3.9.7 Splitter Tie Cable Connections Charge – A nonrecurring charge will apply
for the cost of each tie cable connected to the Splitters in three (3) different
configurations: common area; Collocation space; and Main Distribution Frame. This
charge will cover both the tie cables and associated blocks per one hundred (100) pair
between the Splitter and the ICDF or Splitter bay.
8.3.9.8 The rates for each of the aforementioned split services rate elements are
set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement.
8.4 Ordering
8.4.1 Ordering - All Collocation
8.4.1.1 CLEC must complete the requirements in the Implementation Schedule
Section of this Agreement before submitting a Collocation Application Form to Qwest.
8.4.1.1.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude CLEC
from submitting an order for Collocation prior to CLEC's execution of this
Agreement. If, however, the Collocation interval is completed before this
Agreement or another interconnection agreement becomes effective, the rates,
terms, and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to such Collocation.
8.4.1.2 Any material changes, modifications or additional engineering (Material
Changes) requested by CLEC, subsequent to its original Collocation order, as to the
type and quantity of equipment or other aspects of the original Collocation order, must
be submitted with a revised Collocation Application. For purposes of this section,
Material Changes are changes that would significantly impair Qwest's ability to provision
the requested Collocation within the applicable intervals if the changes are provisioned
with the original Collocation order and would require Qwest to incur financial penalties
under the terms of this Agreement or other Applicable Law. Qwest shall determine the
additional time required to comply with CLEC's request for Material Changes (Additional
Time), and CLEC shall have the option of (a) having the request for Material Changes
implemented with the original Collocation order (within the original Provisioning intervals)
as extended by the Additional Time; or (b) having Qwest process and provision the
request as a subsequent construction activity or augmentation to the original Collocation
order. Any nonmaterial changes, modifications, or additional engineering requested by
CLEC, subsequent to its original Collocation order, may be submitted with a revised
Collocation Application or otherwise communicated to Qwest and shall be implemented
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
122

Section 8
Collocation
with the original Collocation order within the original applicable intervals.
8.4.1.3 There are three (3) primary steps in the ordering of Collocation – 1)
Forecasting, 2) Application, and 3) Acceptance of Quotation.
8.4.1.4 CLEC shall submit an annual forecast, updated at the end of each
quarter, of its future Collocation requirements. The quarterly forecast shall be reviewed
by CLEC and the Qwest account team. CLEC's forecast shall be considered accurate
for purposes of Collocation intervals if the subsequent Collocation Application correctly
identifies a) and e) below, and b) and c) below are within twenty percent (20%) of the
forecast. If at the time the Collocation Application is made the forecasted type of
Collocation is not available, CLEC may specify a different type of Collocation without
affecting the Collocation intervals. The forecast shall include, for each Qwest Premises,
the following:
a) Identification of the Qwest Premises;
b) Floor space requirements, including the number of bays for a Cageless
Collocation arrangement;
c) Power requirements;
d) Heat Dissipation (optional);
e) Type of Collocation (e.g., Caged Physical, Cageless Physical, Shared,
ICDF, Virtual, etc.);
f) Intentionally Left Blank;
g) Entrance Facility Type (e.g., Express Fiber, Private Line);
h) Type and Quantity of Terminations (optional); and
i) Month or Quarter, during or after which CLEC expects to submit its
Collocation Application.
8.4.1.4.1 The following terms shall apply to the forecasting process:
a) CLEC forecasts shall be provided as detailed in Section
8.4.1.4;
b) CLEC forecasts shall be Confidential Information and Qwest
may not distribute, disclose or reveal, in any form, CLEC forecasts other
than as allowed and described in subsections 5.16.9.1 and 5.16.9.2.
8.4.1.5 CLEC shall submit a Collocation Application to order Collocation at a
particular Qwest Premises. A Collocation Application shall be considered complete, if it
contains:
a) Identification of the Qwest Premises;
b) Floor space requirements, including the number of bays for a Cageless
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
123

Section 8
Collocation
Collocation arrangement;
c) Power requirements;
d) Heat dissipation;
e) Type of Collocation (e.g., Caged Physical, Cageless Physical, Shared,
Virtual, etc.);
f) Collocated equipment and technical equipment specifications
(manufacturer make, model no., functionality i.e., cross connect, DLC, DSLAM,
transmission, Switch, etc., physical dimensions, quantity). (NOTE: Packet or
circuit switching equipment requires, in writing and attached to the Collocation
Application, how this equipment is necessary for access to UNEs or
Interconnection. A high level equipment interface or connectivity schematic for
the equipment should also be included.);
g) Entrance Facility type;
h) Type and quantity of terminations;
i) If desired, an alternate form of Collocation if the first choice is not
available; and
j) Billing contact.
8.4.1.5.1 Parties will work cooperatively to ensure the accuracy of the
Collocation Application. If Qwest determines that the Collocation Application is
not complete, Qwest shall notify CLEC of any deficiencies within ten (10) Days
after receipt of the Collocation Application. Qwest shall provide sufficient detail
so that CLEC has a reasonable opportunity to cure each deficiency. To retain its
place in the Collocation queue for the requested Premises, CLEC must cure any
deficiencies in its Collocation Application and resubmit the Collocation
Application within ten (10) Days after being advised of the deficiencies.
8.4.1.6 Acceptance – After receipt of a Collocation Quotation Form from Qwest,
CLEC shall formally accept the quotation in order for Qwest to continue the processing
of the Collocation Application. A Collocation Acceptance shall be considered complete,
if it contains:
a) Signed Notification of Acceptance; and
b) Payment of fifty percent (50%) of quoted charges.
8.4.1.7 Collocation Space Reservation – allows CLEC to reserve space and
identify, to the extent available, infrastructure incidental to that space such as power and
HVAC, in a Qwest Premises for up to one (1) year for transmission equipment (ATM and
DSLAM), three (3) years for circuit switching equipment, and five (5) years for power
equipment. CLEC may reserve space in a particular Qwest Premises through the
Collocation Space Reservation Application Form. Requests for contiguous space will be
honored, if available.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
124

Section 8
Collocation
8.4.1.7.1 Collocation Space Reservation Application – Upon receipt of the
Collocation Space Reservation Application Form, Qwest will provide space
feasibility within ten (10) Days.
8.4.1.7.2 Collocation Space Reservation Quotation – If space is available,
Qwest will provide a specific price quotation based on the requested Collocation
requirements described on the Collocation Space Reservation Application Form.
The quotation and a Billing invoice for twenty-five percent (25%) payment of
nonrecurring charges will be sent to CLEC within twenty-five (25) Days from the
Collocation Space Reservation Application receipt.
8.4.1.7.2.1 Collocation Space Reservation Acceptance. CLEC
must electronically submit Acceptance or non-Acceptance of the
quotation within seven (7) Days of receipt of the quotation. If CLEC
submits the Acceptance between eight (8) and thirty (30) Days of receipt
of the quotation, Qwest will honor the reservation upon receipt of the
payment only if Qwest does not receive a competing request for the same
space from another CLEC. Qwest will not honor reservations if CLEC
submits the Acceptance more than thirty (30) Days after receipt of the
quotation.
8.4.1.7.3 Upon receipt of the twenty-five percent (25%) payment, Qwest
will reserve the space on behalf of CLEC in accordance with the Collocation
Space Reservation Application and take the necessary steps to ensure the
availability of power, HVAC and other components reflected on the Collocation
Space Reservation Application. Qwest will hold the reservation for the applicable
reservation period after the twenty-five percent (25%) payment. This payment
will be applied to the subsequent Collocation Application.
8.4.1.7.4 CLEC may cancel the reservation at any time during the
applicable reservation period. Upon notification of the cancellation, Qwest will
refund a prorated portion of the twenty-five percent (25%) payment as follows:
a) Cancellation notification within ninety (90) Days from receipt of wire
transfer, seventy-five percent (75%) of the initial down payment will be
returned to CLEC.
b) Cancellation notification within ninety-one (91) and one hundred and
eighty (180) Days from receipt of wire transfer, fifty percent (50%) of the
initial down payment will be returned to CLEC.
c) Cancellation notification within one hundred and eighty-one (181) and
two hundred and seventy (270) Days from receipt of wire transfer, twenty-
five percent (25%) of the initial down payment will be returned to CLEC.
d) Cancellation notification after two hundred and seventy (270) Days
from receipt of wire transfer, zero percent (0%) of the initial down
payment will be returned to CLEC.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
125

Section 8
Collocation
8.4.1.8 Collocation Space Option
8.4.1.8.1 CLEC, Qwest and Qwest Affiliates may option space in Qwest
Wire Center Premises in accordance with the terms of this Section 8.4.1.8 for the
following equipment and time periods:
a) Transmission equipment – one (1) year
b) Circuit switching equipment – three (3) years
c) Power plants – five (5) years
8.4.1.8.2 Optioned space is offered to CLECs for Caged, Cageless, and
Virtual Collocation. To promote fairness and prevent warehousing, the following
limits apply:
a) The Party requesting the option may specify the amount of
space to be optioned but not a specific location within the Wire Center.
CLEC may also request space be contiguous to its existing Collocation
space.
b) A requesting CLEC may option one (1) Collocation space per
Wire Center.
c) The maximum amount of space per Wire Center to be
optioned is:
- two hundred (200) square feet for Caged Collocation
- four (4) bays for Cageless and Virtual Collocation
8.4.1.8.3 The Collocation Space Option Application form will be
processed upon receipt of a properly completed request. Such form shall be
considered properly completed if it contains identifying information of CLEC, the
applicable Qwest Premises, the amount of Collocation space sought, the type of
Collocation (Caged, Cageless, Virtual) and the type of equipment (from the
categories identified in Section 8.4.1.8.1) for which the option is being sought.
CLEC must have met all past and present undisputed financial obligations to
Qwest. Upon receipt of the Collocation Space Option Application form, Qwest
will confirm in writing, within ten (10) Days, the availability of, and price quotation
(the "Option Fee") for the Optioned space. If space is not available, Qwest will
deny the request.
8.4.1.8.4 CLEC must submit Acceptance with full payment of the
nonrecurring portion of the Option Fee, or acknowledge non-Acceptance of the
quoted Option Fee, within seven (7) Days of receipt of the quotation. When
Qwest takes an option on space for itself, Qwest shall impute an amount equal to
the Option Fee to the appropriate operations for which the optioned space
applies. The option quotation expires seven (7) Days after delivery to CLEC.
8.4.1.8.5 Upon receipt of Acceptance and full payment of the nonrecurring
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
126

Section 8
Collocation
portion of the Option Fee, Qwest will option the space on behalf of CLEC
including the contiguous space requests if available (or itself if appropriate) and
the option time frame will begin. The prioritization of optioning will be based
upon the date and time of the Acceptance. The earlier in time an Acceptance is
received by Qwest, the higher in priority is such option. The option is limited to
space only and does not include other elements required to provision the
Collocation.
8.4.1.8.6 In order for an option request to avoid expiration, CLEC must:
a) Submit a Collocation Application during the option time frame;
or
b) The option may be renewed if a Collocation Space Option
Application is received at least ten (10) Days prior to the expiration of the
term of the existing option. The priority of a renewed option is determined
by the date CLEC accepts the quotation from Qwest on CLEC's renewal
application.
8.4.1.8.7 First Right of Refusal – If Qwest receives a valid Collocation
Application (CLEC A is the requesting party) for a Qwest Wire Center in which all
available space has been occupied or optioned, the following provisions for First
Right of Refusal will apply:
8.4.1.8.7.1 All Qwest out of space reporting requirements apply
to the Collocation Application (Sections 8.2.1.11 and 8.2.1.12). In
addition, Qwest will provide CLEC A with option space information (e.g.,
Caged and Cageless optioned space) that may fulfill the requirements of
CLEC A's Collocation Application. At CLEC A's request, Qwest will
initiate the option enforcement notice process by notifying the option party
or parties with the most recent space option(s) that meets the
requirements of CLEC A's Collocation Application.
8.4.1.8.7.2 The option enforcement notice serves as notification
to the option party that Qwest is in possession of a valid Collocation
Application, and calls for the option party to exercise its Right of First
Refusal, or relinquish its space option. The option party may exercise its
Right of First Refusal by submitting either a Collocation Application as set
forth in Section 8.4.1.5, or by submitting the Collocation Space
Reservation Application set forth in Section 8.4.1.7, within ten (10) Days
of receipt of the option enforcement notice. This process continues for all
optioned space until all optioned space is exercised or optioned space is
relinquished (affirmatively by CLEC or upon expiration of the notice
period, whichever is earlier) to fulfill the Collocation Application. Once
optioned space has been relinquished for use to fulfill the Collocation
Application, the standard ordering terms and conditions for Collocation
shall apply.
8.4.1.8.7.3 Where contiguous space has been optioned, Qwest
will make its best effort to notify CLEC if Qwest, its Affiliates or other
CLECs require the use of CLEC's contiguous space. Upon notification,
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
127

Section 8
Collocation
CLEC will have seven (7) Days to indicate its intent to submit a
Collocation Application or Collocation Reservation. CLEC may choose to
terminate the contiguous space option or continue without the contiguous
provision.
8.4.1.8.7.4 The rate elements for the Collocation Space Option
are comprised of the following:
a) Space Option Administration Fee is a nonrecurring
fee for all Collocation Space Option requests and covers the
processing of application, feasibility, common space engineering,
records management, and administration of the First Right of
Refusal process.
b) Space Option Fee is a monthly recurring fee that will
be charged based upon the amount of space being optioned, at
two dollars ($2) per square foot per month.
8.4.1.8.8 In the event that the option party proceeds with a Collocation
Application for optioned space, all payments made pursuant to Section
8.4.1.8.7.4(b) above shall be applied to such Collocation Application.
8.4.1.9 The intervals for Virtual Collocation (Section 8.4.2), Physical Collocation
(Section 8.4.3), and ICDF Collocation (Section 8.4.4) apply to a maximum of five (5)
Collocation Applications per CLEC per week per state. If six (6) or more Collocation
Applications are submitted by CLEC in a one (1) week period in the state, intervals shall
be individually negotiated. Qwest shall, however, accept more than five (5) Collocation
Applications from CLEC per week per state, depending on the volume of Collocation
Applications pending from other CLECs.
8.4.2 Ordering - Virtual Collocation
8.4.2.1 Application -- Upon receipt of a complete Collocation Application as
described in Section 8.4.1.5, Qwest will perform a feasibility study to determine if
adequate space, power and HVAC can be found for the placement of CLEC's equipment
within the Premises. The feasibility study will be provided within ten (10) Days of receipt
of a complete Collocation Application. As part of the feasibility study, Qwest will also
notify CLEC of any known circumstance that may delay delivery of the ordered
Collocation space and related facilities.
8.4.2.1.1 If Qwest determines that the Collocation Application is not
complete, Qwest shall notify CLEC of any deficiencies within ten (10) Days of the
Collocation Application. Qwest shall provide sufficient detail so that CLEC has a
reasonable opportunity to cure each deficiency. To retain its place in the
Collocation queue for the requested Premises, CLEC must cure any deficiencies
in its Collocation Application and resubmit the Collocation Application within ten
(10) Days after being advised of the deficiencies.
8.4.2.2 Quotation – If Collocation Entrance Facilities and space are available,
Qwest will develop a price quotation within twenty-five (25) Days of completion of the
feasibility study. Subsequent requests to augment an existing Collocation also require
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
128

Section 8
Collocation
receipt of a Collocation Application. Adding plug-ins, e.g., DS1 or DS3 cards to existing
virtually collocated equipment, will be processed and provisioned within ten (10)
business days. Virtual Collocation price quotations will be honored for thirty (30) Days
from the date the quotation is provided. During this period the Collocation Entrance
Facility and space are reserved pending CLEC's Acceptance of the quoted charges.
8.4.2.3 Acceptance -- Upon receipt of complete Collocation Acceptance, as
described in 8.4.1.6, space will be reserved and construction by Qwest will begin.
8.4.2.4 Interval - The interval for Virtual Collocation shall vary depending upon
three (3) factors – 1) whether CLEC provides its Acceptance within seven (7) Days
receipt of the quotation; 2) whether CLEC delivers its collocated equipment to Qwest in a
timely manner, which shall mean within fifty-three (53) Days of the receipt of the
complete Collocation Application; and 3) whether the Collocation Application requires
major infrastructure additions or modifications. The installation of line cards and other
minor modifications shall be performed by Qwest on shorter intervals and in no instance
shall any such interval exceed thirty (30) Days. When Qwest is permitted to complete a
Collocation installation in an interval that is longer than the standard intervals set forth
below, Qwest shall use its best efforts to minimize the extension of the intervals beyond
such standard intervals.
8.4.2.4.1 Applications with Timely Acceptance – If CLEC provides a
complete Acceptance within seven (7) Days of receipt of the Qwest Collocation
quotation, and if all of CLEC's equipment is available at the Qwest Premises no
later than fifty-three (53) Days after receipt of the complete Collocation
Application, Qwest shall complete its installation of the Collocation arrangement
within ninety (90) Days of the receipt of the complete Collocation Application. If
CLEC's equipment is not delivered to Qwest within fifty-three (53) Days after
receipt of the complete Collocation Application, Qwest shall complete the
Collocation installation within forty-five (45) Days of the receipt of all of CLEC's
equipment.
8.4.2.4.2 Applications with Late Acceptance – If CLEC provides a
complete Acceptance more than seven (7) Days but less than thirty (30) Days
after receipt of the Qwest Collocation quotation, and if all of CLEC's equipment is
available at the Qwest Premises no later than fifty-three (53) Days after receipt of
the complete Collocation Acceptance, Qwest shall complete its installation of the
Collocation arrangement within ninety (90) Days of the receipt of the complete
Collocation Acceptance. If CLEC's equipment is not delivered to Qwest within
fifty-three (53) Days after receipt of the complete Collocation Acceptance, Qwest
shall complete the Collocation installation within forty-five (45) Days of the receipt
of all of CLEC's equipment. If CLEC submits its Acceptance more than thirty (30)
Days after receipt of the Qwest quotation, the Collocation Application shall be
resubmitted by CLEC.
8.4.2.4.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.4.2.4.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.4.2.4.5 Intervals for Major Infrastructure Modifications – A Collocation
Application may require Qwest to complete major infrastructure modifications to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
129

Section 8
Collocation
accommodate CLEC's specific requirements. Major infrastructure modifications
that may be required include conditioning space, permits, DC power plant,
standby generators, heating, venting or air conditioning equipment. The
installation intervals in Sections 8.4.2.4.1 through 8.4.2.4.2 may be extended, if
required, to accommodate major infrastructure modifications. When major
infrastructure modifications as described above are required, and if all of CLEC's
equipment is available at the Qwest Premises no later than fifty-three (53) Days
after receipt of the complete Collocation Application, Qwest shall propose to
complete its installation of the Collocation arrangement within an interval of no
more than one hundred and fifty (150) Days after receipt of the complete
Collocation Application. The need for, and the duration of, an extended interval
shall be provided to CLEC as a part of the quotation. CLEC may dispute the
need for, and the duration of, an extended interval, in which case Qwest must
request a waiver from the Commission to obtain an extended interval.
8.4.2.4.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.4.3 Ordering - Caged and Cageless Physical Collocation
8.4.3.1 Application -- Upon receipt of a complete Collocation Application as
described in Section 8.4.1.5 Qwest will perform a feasibility study to determine if
adequate space, power, and HVAC can be found for the placement and operation of
CLEC's equipment within the Premises. The feasibility study will be provided within ten
(10) Days from date of receipt of a complete Collocation Application. As part of the
feasibility study, Qwest will also notify CLEC of any known circumstance that may delay
delivery of the ordered Collocation space and related facilities.
8.4.3.1.1 If Qwest determines that the Collocation Application is not
complete, Qwest shall notify CLEC of any deficiencies within ten (10) Days of the
Collocation Application. Qwest shall provide sufficient detail so that CLEC has a
reasonable opportunity to cure each deficiency. To retain its place in the
Collocation queue for the requested Premises, CLEC must cure any deficiencies
in its Collocation Application and resubmit the Collocation Application within ten
(10) Days after being advised of the deficiencies.
8.4.3.2 Quotation -- If Collocation Entrance Facilities and space are available,
Qwest will develop a quotation for the supporting structure. Qwest will complete the
quotation no later than twenty-five (25) Days of providing the feasibility study. Physical
Collocation price quotations will be honored for thirty (30) Days from the date the
quotation is provided. During this period, the Collocation Entrance Facility and space is
reserved pending CLEC's Acceptance of the quoted charges.
8.4.3.3 Acceptance -- Upon receipt of a complete Collocation Acceptance, as
described in Section 8.4.1.6 space will be reserved and construction by Qwest will begin.
8.4.3.4 Interval – The interval for Physical Collocation shall vary depending upon
two (2) factors: 1) whether CLEC provides its Acceptance within seven (7) Days of
receipt of the quotation; and, 2) whether the Collocation Application requires major
infrastructure additions or modifications. When Qwest is permitted to complete a
Collocation installation in an interval that is longer than the standard intervals set forth
below, Qwest shall use its best efforts to minimize the extension of the intervals beyond
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
130

Section 8
Collocation
such standard intervals.
8.4.3.4.1 Applications with Timely Acceptance – If CLEC provides a
complete Acceptance within seven (7) Days of receipt of the Qwest Collocation
quotation, Qwest shall complete its installation of the Collocation arrangement
within ninety (90) Days of the receipt of the complete Collocation Application.
8.4.3.4.2 Applications with Late Acceptance – If CLEC provides a
complete Acceptance more than seven (7) Days but less than thirty (30) Days
after receipt of the Qwest Collocation quotation, Qwest shall complete its
installation of the Collocation arrangement within ninety (90) Days of the receipt
of the complete Collocation Acceptance. If CLEC submits its Acceptance more
than thirty (30) Days after receipt of the Qwest quotation, a new Collocation
Application shall be resubmitted by CLEC.
8.4.3.4.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.4.3.4.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.4.3.4.5 Intervals for Major Infrastructure Modifications – A Collocation
Application may require Qwest to complete major infrastructure modifications to
accommodate CLEC's specific requirements. Major infrastructure modifications
that may be required include conditioning space, permits, DC power plant,
standby generators, heating, venting or air conditioning equipment. The
installation intervals in Sections 8.4.3.4.1 through 8.4.3.4.2 may be extended, if
required, to accommodate major infrastructure modifications. When major
infrastructure modifications as described above are required, Qwest shall
propose to complete its installation of the Collocation arrangement within an
interval of no more than one hundred and fifty (150) Days after receipt of the
complete Collocation Application. The need for, and the duration of, an extended
interval shall be provided to CLEC as a part of the quotation. CLEC may dispute
the need for, and the duration of, an extended interval, in which case Qwest must
request a waiver from the Commission to obtain an extended interval.
8.4.3.4.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.4.4 Ordering - Interconnection Distribution Frame (ICDF) Collocation
8.4.4.1 Application -- Upon receipt of a complete Collocation Application as
described in Section 8.4.1.5, Qwest will perform a feasibility study to determine if
adequate space can be found for the placement and operation of CLEC's terminations
within the Wire Center. The feasibility study will be provided within ten (10) Days from
date of receipt of a complete Collocation Application. As part of the feasibility study,
Qwest will also notify CLEC of any known circumstance that may delay delivery of the
ordered Collocation space and related facilities. CLEC may submit an ICDF forecast in
accordance with Section 8.4.1.4. The forecast shall include demand by DS0, DS1 and
DS3 capacities that will be terminated on the Interconnection Distribution Frame by
Qwest on behalf of CLEC. Such forecasts shall be used by Qwest to determine the
sizing of required tie cables and the terminations on each Interconnection Distribution
Frame as well as the various other frames within the Qwest Wire Center.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
131

Section 8
Collocation
8.4.4.1.1 If Qwest determines that the Collocation Application is not
complete, Qwest shall notify CLEC of any deficiencies within ten (10) Days of the
Collocation Application. Qwest shall provide sufficient detail so that CLEC has a
reasonable opportunity to cure each deficiency. To retain its place in the
Collocation queue for the requested Premises, CLEC must cure any deficiencies
in its Collocation Application and resubmit the Collocation Application within ten
(10) Days after being advised of the deficiencies.
8.4.4.2 Quotation -- If space is available, Qwest will develop a quotation for the
supporting structure. Qwest will complete the quotation no later than twenty-five (25)
Days of providing the feasibility study. ICDF Collocation price quotations will be honored
for thirty (30) Days from the date the quotation is provided. During this period, the space
is reserved pending CLEC's Acceptance of the quoted charges.
8.4.4.3 Acceptance -- Upon receipt of a complete Collocation Acceptance, as
described in Section 8.4.1.6, space will be reserved and construction by Qwest will
begin.
8.4.4.4 Interval – The interval for ICDF Collocation shall depend on whether
CLEC provides its Acceptance within seven (7) Days of the quotation. When Qwest is
permitted to complete a Collocation installation in an interval that is longer than the
standard intervals set forth below, Qwest shall use its best efforts to minimize the
extension of the intervals beyond such standard intervals.
8.4.4.4.1 Applications with Timely Acceptance – If CLEC provides a
complete Acceptance within seven (7) Days of receipt of the Qwest Collocation
quotation, Qwest shall complete its installation of the Collocation arrangement
within forty-five (45) Days of the receipt of the complete Collocation Application.
8.4.4.4.2 Applications with Late Acceptance – If CLEC provides a
complete Acceptance more than seven (7) Days but less than thirty (30) Days
after receipt of the Qwest Collocation quotation, Qwest shall complete its
installation of the Collocation arrangement within forty-five (45) Days of the
receipt of the complete Collocation Acceptance. If CLEC submits its Acceptance
more than thirty (30) days after receipt of the Qwest quotation, the Collocation
Application shall be resubmitted by CLEC.
8.4.4.4.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.4.4.4.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
8.4.5 Ordering – Adjacent Collocation
8.4.5.1 If space for Physical Collocation in a particular Qwest Premises is not
available at the time of CLEC's request, CLEC may request Qwest to conduct a
feasibility study for Adjacent Collocation for that Premises site. Qwest recommends that
Qwest and CLEC conduct a joint site visit of such Premises to determine if suitable
arrangements can be provided on Qwest's property. Qwest will make available, within
ten (10) business days, drawings of the Qwest physical structures above and below
ground for the requested Adjacent Collocation site.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
132

Section 8
Collocation
8.4.5.2 If a new structure is to be constructed, the interval shall be developed on
an Individual Case Basis, to account for the granting of permits or Rights of Way (ROW),
if required, the provision of Collocation services by Qwest, in accordance with CLEC's
Collocation Application, and the construction by CLEC of the adjacent structure. If
CLEC disputes the interval proposed by Qwest, Qwest must promptly petition the
Commission for approval of such disputed interval.
8.4.5.3 If Adjacent Collocation is provided within an existing Qwest Premises, the
ordering procedures and intervals for Physical Collocation shall apply.
8.4.6 Ordering – Remote Collocation and Adjacent Remote Collocation
8.4.6.1 The ordering procedures and intervals for Physical Collocation or Virtual
Collocation shall apply to Remote Collocation, and to Adjacent Remote Collocation
provided within an existing Qwest Premises, except Sections 8.4.3.4.3 and 8.4.3.4.4.
Remote Collocation and Adjacent Remote Collocation are ordered using the Remote
Collocation Application Form.
8.4.6.2 If space for Physical Collocation or Virtual Collocation in a particular
Qwest Remote Premises is not available at the time of CLEC's request, CLEC may order
Adjacent Remote Collocation using the ordering procedures described above for
Adjacent Collocation in Sections 8.4.5.1 and 8.4.5.2.
8.4.7 Ordering – CLEC to CLEC Connections
8.4.7.1 Application -- Upon receipt of the applicable portions of a complete
Collocation Application as described in Section 8.4.1.5 (Subsections a, e, h and j).
Qwest will perform a feasibility study to determine if adequate cable racking can be
found for the placement of CLEC's copper, coax, or fiber optic cable, or any other
Technically Feasible method used to interconnect CLEC's collocated equipment that is
in separate locations in the same Qwest Premises, or to another CLEC's equipment in
the same Premises. The feasibility study will be provided within ten (10) Days from date
of receipt of a complete Collocation Application.
8.4.7.1.1 If Qwest determines that the Collocation Application is not
complete, Qwest shall notify CLEC of any deficiencies within ten (10) Days of the
Collocation Application. Qwest shall provide sufficient detail so that CLEC has a
reasonable opportunity to cure each deficiency. To retain its place in the
Collocation queue for the requested Premises, CLEC must cure any deficiencies
in its Collocation Application and resubmit the Collocation Application within ten
(10) Days after being advised of the deficiencies.
8.4.7.2 Quotation -- If existing cable racking is available, Qwest will provide
CLEC with a quotation and the specific cable rack route to CLEC with the feasibility
study. If additional cable racking is required to accommodate CLEC's request, Qwest
shall provide a feasibility and quotation to CLEC no later than ten (10) Days of receipt of
Collocation Application. CLEC-to-CLEC Connection quotations will be honored for thirty
(30) Days from the date the quotation is provided. During this period, the space is
reserved pending CLEC's Acceptance of the quoted charges.
8.4.7.3 Acceptance -- There are two (2) forms of Acceptance for CLEC-to-CLEC
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
133

Section 8
Collocation
Connections:
8.4.7.3.1 CLEC-to-CLEC connections with existing cable rack. – CLEC
must submit payment of one hundred percent (100%) of the quoted nonrecurring
charges with its Acceptance. Upon receipt of a complete Collocation
Acceptance, CLEC may begin placement of its copper, coax, or fiber cables
along the Qwest designated cable rack route. Recurring charges will begin with
CLEC Acceptance.
8.4.7.3.2 CLEC-to-CLEC Connections using new cable rack. – Upon
receipt of a complete Acceptance from CLEC, as described in Section 8.4.1.6,
Qwest will begin construction of the new cable rack.
8.4.7.4 Interval – Pursuant to Section 8.4.7.3.2, the construction interval for
CLEC-to-CLEC Connections requiring the construction of new cable rack by Qwest shall
be within sixty (60) Days of the receipt of the complete Collocation Acceptance. If CLEC
submits its Acceptance more than thirty (30) Days after receipt of the Qwest quotation,
the Collocation Application shall be resubmitted by CLEC.
8.4.8 Ordering – Direct Connections
8.4.8.1 Application – Where Direct Connection is requested in a Wire Center
where CLEC already has established Collocation, upon receipt of the applicable portions
of a complete Collocation Application as described in Section 8.4.1.5 (Subsections a, e,
h and j), Qwest will perform a feasibility study to determine if adequate cable racking can
be found for the placement of copper, coax, or fiber optic cable, or any other Technically
Feasible method, used for Direct Connection (as described in Section 8.3.1.11.2). The
feasibility study will be provided within ten (10) Days from date of receipt of a complete
Collocation Application.
8.4.8.1.1 If Qwest determines that the Collocation Application is not
complete, Qwest shall notify CLEC of any deficiencies within ten (10) Days of the
Collocation Application. Qwest shall provide sufficient detail so that CLEC has a
reasonable opportunity to cure each deficiency. To retain its place in the
Collocation queue for the requested Premises, CLEC must cure any deficiencies
in its Collocation Application and resubmit the Collocation Application within ten
(10) Days after being advised of the deficiencies.
8.4.8.2 Quotation – If existing cable racking is available, Qwest will provide CLEC
with a quotation and the specific cable rack route with the feasibility study. If additional
cable racking is required to accommodate CLEC's request, Qwest shall provide a
quotation to CLEC no later than ten (10) Days after receipt of a complete Collocation
Application. Direct Connection quotations will be honored for thirty (30) Days from the
date the quotation is provided. During this period, the space is reserved pending
CLEC's Acceptance of the quoted charges.
8.4.8.3 Acceptance – There are two (2) forms of Acceptance for Direct
Connection:
8.4.8.3.1 Direct Connection with existing cable rack. – CLEC must submit
payment of one hundred percent (100%) of the quoted nonrecurring charges with
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
134

Section 8
Collocation
its acceptance notification.
8.4.8.3.2 Direct Connection using new cable rack. – Upon receipt of a
complete Acceptance from CLEC, as described in Section 8.4.1.6, Qwest will
begin construction of the new cable rack.
8.4.8.4 Interval – The construction interval for Direct Connections shall be
dependent upon whether the Direct Connection is to the COSMIC frame requiring a
MELD and or if new cable racking is required.
8.4.8.4.1 If CLEC provides a complete Acceptance within thirty (30) Days
of receipt of the Qwest Collocation quotation, Qwest shall complete its installation
of the Direct Connection above the DS0 level where no new cable racking is
required within thirty (30) Days of the receipt of the complete Collocation
Acceptance. If Direct Connection is required at the DS0 level, to the COSMIC,
or if new cable racking needs to be installed, Qwest will provision the direct
trunking within sixty (60) Days of the receipt of the complete Collocation
Acceptance.
8.4.9 Ordering – Facility Connected (FC) Collocation
8.4.9.1 Application – Upon receipt of a complete Collocation Application as
described in Section 8.4.1.5, Qwest will perform a feasibility study. The feasibility study
will be provided within ten (10) Days of receipt of a complete Collocation Application. As
part of the feasibility study, Qwest will also notify CLEC of any known circumstance that
may delay delivery of the ordered Collocation space and related facilities.
8.4.9.1.1 If Qwest determines that the Collocation Application is not
complete, Qwest shall notify CLEC of any deficiencies within ten (10) Days of the
Collocation Application. Qwest shall provide sufficient detail so that CLEC has a
reasonable opportunity to cure each deficiency. To retain its place in the
Collocation queue for the requested Premises, CLEC must cure any deficiencies
in its Collocation Application and resubmit the Collocation Application within ten
(10) Days after being advised of the deficiencies.
8.4.9.2 Quotation – If Collocation Entrance Facilities and space are available,
Qwest will develop a price quotation within twenty-five (25) Days of providing the
feasibility study. Facility Connected Collocation price quotations will be honored for
thirty (30) Days from the date the quotation is provided. During this period, the
Collocation Entrance Facility and space are reserved pending CLEC’s Acceptance of the
quoted charges.
8.4.9.3 Acceptance – Upon receipt of a complete Collocation Acceptance, as
described in Section 8.4.1.6, space will be reserved and construction by Qwest will
begin.
8.4.9.4 Interval – The interval for FC Collocation shall vary depending based on
two (2) factors – 1) whether CLEC provides its Acceptance within seven (7) Days of
receipt of the quotation; and 2) whether CLEC delivers its Entrance Facility to Qwest's C-
POI in a timely manner, which shall mean within fifty-three (53) Days of the receipt of the
complete Collocation Application. Qwest will provide FC Collocation ninety (90) Days
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
135

Section 8
Collocation
from receipt of a complete Collocation Application with timely Acceptance of the
quotation by CLEC. With late Acceptance of the quotation by CLEC, Qwest will provide
FC Collocation ninety (90) Days from Acceptance. CLEC must have its Entrance Facility
at the C-POI no later than fifty-three (53) Days after Qwest receives the complete
Collocation Application. If CLEC's Entrance Facility is not completed to the C-POI within
fifty-three (53) Days after receipt of the complete Collocation Application, Qwest shall
complete the FC Collocation within forty-five (45) Days of the completion and availability
of CLEC's Entrance Facility at the C-POI.
8.5 Billing
8.5.1 Billing - All Collocation
8.5.1.1 Upon completion of the Collocation construction activities and payment of
the remaining nonrecurring balance, Qwest will provide CLEC a completion package that
will initiate the recurring Collocation charges. Once this completion package has been
signed by CLEC and Qwest, and Qwest has received the final fifty percent (50%)
balance, Qwest will activate CLEC transport services and/or UNEs or ancillary services
coincident with completion of the Collocation.
8.5.1.2 In the event Qwest has completed all associated construction activities
and CLEC has not completed its associated activities (e.g., delivering fiber to the C-POI,
or providing the equipment cables for connecting to the Interconnection Distribution
Frame), Qwest will bill an adjusted amount of the remaining nonrecurring balance, close
the job, and begin Billing the monthly recurring rent charge. In those instances where
the job is delayed due to CLEC not having its fiber to the POI, Qwest will request the
balance due minus the dollar amount specific to this work activity, and begin Billing the
monthly recurring rent charge. Once CLEC has completed fiber placement, CLEC can
request Qwest to return and complete the splicing activity at the rate reflected in this
Agreement. In the case of missing equipment cables, CLEC will be responsible for
installing the cables if not delivered at job completion. The installation activity must be
conducted by a Qwest approved vendor and follow the designated racking route. Final
test and turn-up will be performed under the Maintenance and Repair process contained
herein.
8.5.2 Billing - Virtual Collocation
8.5.2.1 Virtual Collocation will be considered complete when the Premises is
Ready for Service (RFS). Cooperative testing between CLEC and Qwest may be
negotiated and performed to ensure continuity and acceptable transmission parameters
in the facility and equipment.
8.5.3 Billing - Caged and Cageless Physical Collocation
8.5.3.1 Payment for the remaining nonrecurring charges shall be upon the RFS
date. Upon completion of the construction activities and payment of the remaining
nonrecurring charges, Qwest will schedule a walk through of the space with CLEC.
During this joint walk through, Qwest will turn over access to the space and provide
security access to the Premises. Upon completion of the acceptance walk through,
CLEC will be provided the Caged or Cageless Physical Collocation completion package
(i.e., all ordering information). The monthly Billing for leased space, DC power, Entrance
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
136

Section 8
Collocation
Facility, and other associated monthly charges will commence with CLEC sign off on the
completion of the physical space. CLEC may then proceed with the installation of its
equipment in the Collocation space, unless early access has been arranged pursuant to
Section 8.2.3.7. If Qwest, despite its best efforts, including notification through the
contact number on the Collocation Application, is unable to schedule the walk through
with CLEC within twenty-one (21) Days of the RFS, Qwest shall activate the monthly
recurring charges.
8.6 Maintenance and Repair
8.6.1 Virtual Collocation
8.6.1.1 Maintenance Labor, Inspector Labor, Engineering Labor and Equipment
Labor business hours are considered to be Monday through Friday, 8:00 am to 5:00 pm
(local time) and after business hours are after 5:00 pm and before 8:00 am (local time),
Monday through Friday, all day Saturday, Sunday and holidays.
8.6.1.2 Installation and maintenance of CLEC's virtually collocated equipment will
be performed by Qwest or a Qwest authorized vendor.
8.6.1.3 Upon failure of CLEC's virtually collocated equipment, Qwest will promptly
notify CLEC of such failure and the corrective action that is needed. Qwest will repair
such equipment within the same time periods and with failure rates that are no greater
than those that apply to the performance of similar functions for comparable equipment
of Qwest. CLEC is responsible for transportation and delivery of maintenance spares to
Qwest at the Premises housing the failed equipment. CLEC is responsible for
purchasing and maintaining a supply of spares.
8.6.2 Physical Collocation
8.6.2.1 CLEC is responsible for the maintenance and repair of its equipment
located within CLEC's leased space.
8.6.3 Interconnection Distribution Frame
8.6.3.1 CLEC is responsible for block and jumper inventory and maintenance at
the Interconnection Distribution Frame and using industry accepted practices for its
terminations. Additionally, CLEC is responsible for having jumper wire and tools for
such operations. Qwest is responsible for the overall repair and maintenance of the
frame; including horizontal and vertical mounting positions, cable raceways, rings, and
troughs, and general housekeeping of the frame.
8.6.4 Adjacent Collocation and Adjacent Remote Collocation
8.6.4.1 CLEC is responsible for the maintenance and repair of its equipment
located within CLEC's Adjacent Collocation and Adjacent Remote Collocation space.
8.6.5 Facility Connected (FC) Collocation
8.6.5.1 Qwest will be responsible for all Maintenance and Repair of FC
Collocation facilities from the C-POI into and within the Wire Center, and for the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
137

Section 8
Collocation
associated Interconnection, ancillary services, and Finished Services terminated on the
FC Collocation blocks or panels. CLEC does not have physical access to the Wire
Center for FC Collocation.
8.6.6 Splitter Collocation
8.6.6.1 When Splitters are installed in Qwest Wire Centers via Common Area
Splitter Collocation, CLEC will order and install additional Splitter cards as necessary to
increase the capacity of the Splitters. CLEC will leave one (1) unused, spare Splitter
card in every shelf to be used for Maintenance and Repair until such time as the card
must be used to fill the shelf to capacity.
8.6.6.2 When Splitters are installed in Qwest Wire Centers via standard
Collocation arrangements, CLEC may install test access equipment in its Collocation
areas in those Wire Centers for the purpose of testing Shared Loops. This equipment
must meet the requirements for Central Office equipment set by the FCC in its March 31,
1999 Order in CC Docket No. 98-147.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
138

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
SECTION 9.0 - UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS
9.1 General Terms
9.1.1 Changes in law, regulations or other "Existing Rules" relating to Unbundled
Network Elements (UNEs), including additions and deletions of elements Qwest is required to
unbundle and/or provide in a UNE Combination, shall be incorporated into this Agreement by
amendment pursuant to Section 2.2. CLEC and Qwest agree that the UNEs identified in
Section 9 are not exclusive and that pursuant to changes in FCC rules, the Bona Fide Request
Process, or Special Request Process (SRP), CLEC may identify and request that Qwest furnish
additional or revised UNEs to the extent required under Section 251(c)(3) of the Act. Failure to
list a UNE herein shall not constitute a waiver by CLEC to obtain a UNE subsequently defined
by the FCC.
9.1.1.1 UNEs shall only be obtained for the provision of Telecommunications
Services, which do not include telecommunications utilized by CLEC for its own
administrative use.
9.1.1.2 CLEC may not access UNEs for the exclusive provision of Mobile
Wireless Services or Interexchange Services.
9.1.1.3 If CLEC accesses and uses a UNE consistently with Section 9.1.2, CLEC
may provide any Telecommunications Services over the same UNE.
9.1.1.4 To submit an order to obtain a high capacity Loop or transport UNE,
CLEC must undertake a reasonably diligent inquiry and, based on that inquiry, self-
certify that, to the best of its knowledge, its request is consistent with the requirements
discussed in Sections IV, V, and VI of the Triennial Review Remand Order and that it is
therefore entitled to unbundled access to the particular Network Elements sought
pursuant to Section 251(c)(3) of the Act. As part of such reasonably diligent inquiry,
CLEC shall ensure that a requested unbundled DS1 or DS3 Loop is not in a Wire Center
identified on the list provided by Qwest of Wire Centers that meet the applicable non-
impairment thresholds as specified in Section 9.2, and that a requested unbundled DS1,
DS3 and/or dark fiber transport circuit UNE is not between Wire Centers found identified
on the list of Wire Centers that meet the applicable non-impairment threshold as
specified in Section 9.6.
9.1.1.4.1 Upon receiving a request for access to a dedicated transport or
high-capacity loop UNE that indicates that the UNE meets the relevant factual
criteria discussed in sections V and VI of the Triennial Review Remand Order,
Qwest must immediately process the request. To the extent that Qwest seeks to
challenge any other such UNEs, it subsequently can raise that issue through the
dispute resolution procedures provided for in this Agreement.
9.1.1.4.2 Intentionally Left Blank
9.1.1.4.3 Additional Non-Impaired Wire Centers. When Qwest files a
request(s) to add additional Wire Center(s) to the Qwest Non-impaired Wire
Center list, Qwest will follow the procedures for making such requests as agreed
to by Qwest and certain CLECs in the Multi-state Settlement Agreement
Regarding Wire Center Designations and Related Issues on June 20, 2007. If
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
139

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
the Commission approves the Wire Center(s) as non-impaired, fifteen (15) Days
after Commission-approval CLEC will no longer order impacted High Capacity
Loops, high capacity transport UNEs and Dark Fiber Dedicated Transport UNEs
in (for loops) or between (for transport) those Non-impaired Wire Centers. Qwest
and CLEC will work together to identify those circuits impacted by such change.
9.1.1.4.3.1 Length of Transition Period for Additional Non-Impairment
Designations.
9.1.1.4.3.1.1 When the Commission approves additional DS1
and DS3 loop or high capacity transport UNE non-impairment
designations as described in Section 9.1.1.4.3, CLEC will have
ninety (90) days from the effective date of the order in which the
Commission approves the addition to the Qwest Non-impaired
Wire Center list to transition the applicable Non-Impaired Facilities
to an alternative service.
9.1.1.4.3.1.2 When the Commission approves additional Dark
Fiber transport non-impairment Designations as described in
Section 9.1.1.4.3, CLEC will have one-hundred and eighty (180)
days from the effective date of the order in which the Commission
approves the addition to the Qwest Non-impaired Wire Center list
to transition to an alternative arrangement. Qwest and CLEC will
work together to identify those circuits impacted by such a
change.
9.1.1.4.3.2 Rate During Transition Period for Additional Non-
Impairment Designations.
9.1.1.4.3.2.1 For a ninety (90) day period beginning on the
effective date on which the Commission approves an addition to
the Qwest Non-impaired Wire Center list, any DS1 Loop UNEs,
DS3 Loop UNEs, DS1 Dedicated Transport UNEs, and DS3
Dedicated Transport UNEs that CLEC leases from Qwest as of
that date, but which Qwest is not obligated to unbundle, shall be
available for lease from Qwest at a rate equal to 115% of the UNE
rates applicable as of the effective date on which the Commission
adds the Wire Center to the Qwest Non-impaired Wire Center list.
9.1.1.4.3.2.2 For a one-hundred and eighty (180) day period
beginning on the effective date on which the Commission
approves an addition to the Qwest Non-impaired Wire Center list,
any Dark Fiber Dedicated Transport UNEs that CLEC leases from
Qwest as of that date, but which Qwest is not obligated to
unbundle, shall be available for lease from Qwest at a rate equal
to 115% of the UNE rates applicable as of the effective date on
which the Commission adds the Wire Center to the Qwest Non-
impaired Wire Center list.
9.1.1.4.3.2.3 The 115% rate described in Sections 9.1.1.4.3.2.1
and 9.1.1.4.3.2.2 will be applied to CLEC bills on the following bill
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
140

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
cycle, and may be applied as a manual adjustment. Any manual
bill adjustment for the time period for which the facilities were in
place will be applied to each account based on the Billing
Telephone Number (BTN) and/or Circuit (CKT) identification
number per Billing Account Number (BAN) with an effective bill
date as of the effective date on which the Commission adds the
Wire Center to the Qwest Non-impaired Wire Center list.
9.1.1.4.3.2.4 For high capacity loops and high capacity transport
UNE transitions, Qwest will assess the non-recurring charge
contained in the appropriate Tariff. No additional non-recurring
charges apply for the transition, other than OSS non-recurring
charges if applicable. Qwest shall not impose any recurring or
nonrecurring OSS charges unless and until the Commission
authorizes Qwest to impose such charges and/or approves
applicable rates at the completion of appropriate cost docket
proceedings.
9.1.1.4.3.2.4.1 When Qwest’s tariff rate exceeds
$25, Qwest will provide a clearly identified lump sum credit
within three (3) billing cycles that results in an effective net
non-recurring charge of $25. This lump sum credit applies
until July 31, 2010.
9.1.1.4.3.2.5 Methodology: The Parties agree to use the
methodology for non-impairment or tier designations adopted by
the Commission in the Wire Center Docket.
9.1.1.5 If it is determined by CLEC or Qwest that CLEC's access to or use of
UNEs is inconsistent with Existing Rules, except due to change of law, CLEC has thirty
(30) Days to convert such UNEs to alternate service arrangements and CLEC is subject
to back billing for the difference between rates for the UNEs and rates for the Qwest
alternate service arrangements. CLEC is also responsible for all non-recurring charges
associated with such conversions.
9.1.1.6 When CLEC submits an order to convert a special access circuit to a
UNE and that circuit has previously been exempt from the special access surcharge
pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 69.115, CLEC shall document in its certification when and how
the circuit was modified to permit interconnection of the circuit with a local exchange
subscriber line.
9.1.1.7 To the extent it is Technically Feasible, CLEC may Commingle
Telecommunications Services purchased on a resale basis with an Unbundled Network
Element or combination of Unbundled Network Elements. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the following are not available for resale Commingling:
a) Non-telecommunications services;
b) Enhanced or Information services;
c) Features or functions not offered for resale on a stand-alone basis or
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
141

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
separate from basic Exchange Service; and
d) Network Elements offered pursuant to Section 271.
9.1.1.8 CLEC may Commingle UNEs and combinations of UNEs with wholesale
services and facilities (e.g., switched and special access services offered pursuant to
Tariff), and request Qwest to perform the necessary functions to provision such
Commingling. CLEC will be required to provide the CFA (Connecting Facility
Assignment) of CLEC's network demarcation (e.g., Collocation or multiplexing facilities)
for each UNE, UNE Combination, or wholesale service when requesting Qwest to
perform the Commingling of such services. Qwest shall not deny access to a UNE on
the grounds that the UNE or UNE Combination shares part of Qwest's network with
access services.
9.1.1.8.1 When a UNE and other service are Commingled, the service
interval for each facility being Commingled will apply only as long as a unique
provisioning process is not required for the UNE or service due to the
Commingling. Performance measurements and\or remedies do not applicable to
the total Commingled arrangement but do apply to each facility or service
ordered within the Commingled arrangement. Work performed by Qwest to
provide Commingled services that are not subject to standard provisioning
intervals will not be subject to performance measures and remedies, if any,
contained in this Agreement or elsewhere, by virtue of that service's inclusion in a
requested Commingled service arrangement. Provisioning intervals applicable to
services included within a requested Commingled service arrangement will not
begin to run until CLEC provides a complete and accurate service request,
necessary CFAs to Qwest, and Qwest completes work required to perform the
Commingling that is in addition to work required to provision the service as a
stand-alone facility or service.
9.1.1.8.2 Qwest will not combine or Commingle services or Network
Elements that are offered by Qwest solely pursuant to Section 271 of the
Communications Act of 1934, as amended, with Unbundled Network Elements or
combinations of Unbundled Network Elements.
9.1.1.8.3 Services are available for Commingling only in the manner in
which they are provided in Qwest's applicable product Tariffs, catalogs, price
lists, or other Telecommunications Services offerings.
9.1.1.8.3.1 Entrance Facilities and mid-span meet SPOI obtained
pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement are not available for
Commingling.
9.1.1.9 Ratcheting. To the extent that CLEC requests Qwest to commingle a
UNE or a UNE Combination with one or more facilities or services that CLEC has
obtained at wholesale from Qwest pursuant to a method other than unbundling under
Section 251(c)(3) of the Act, Qwest will not be required to bill that wholesale circuit at
multiple rates, otherwise known as ratcheting. Such commingling will not affect the
prices of UNEs or UNE Combinations involved.
9.1.1.9.1 To the extent a multiplexed facility is included in a Commingled
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
142

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
circuit then: (1) the multiplexed facility will be ordered and billed at the UNE rate
if and only if all circuits entering the multiplexer are UNEs and (2) in all other
situations the multiplexed facility will be ordered and billed pursuant to the
appropriate Tariff.
9.1.1.10 Service Eligibility Criteria. The following Service Eligibility Criteria apply
to combinations and/or Commingling of high capacity (DS1 and DS3) Loops and
interoffice transport (high capacity EELs). This includes new UNE EELs, EEL
conversions (including commingled EEL conversions), or new commingled EELs (e.g.,
high capacity loops attached to special access transport).
9.1.1.10.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Section 9.1.1.10, Qwest shall
provide access to Unbundled Network Elements and Combinations of Unbundled
Network Elements without regard to whether CLEC seeks access to the
Unbundled Network Elements to establish a new circuit or to convert an existing
circuit from a service to Unbundled Network Elements.
9.1.1.10.2 CLEC must certify that the following Service Eligibility Criteria are
satisfied to: (1) convert a special access circuit to a high capacity EEL, (2) to
obtain a new high capacity EEL; or (3) to obtain at UNE pricing any portion of a
Commingled circuit that includes a high capacity Loop and transport facility or
service. Such certification shall be in accordance with all of the following
Sections.
9.1.1.10.2.1 State Certification. CLEC has received state certification
to provide local voice service in the area being served or, in the absence
of a state certification requirement, has complied with registration,
tariffing, filing fee, or other regulatory requirements applicable to the
provision of local voice service in that area.
9.1.1.10.2.2 Per Circuit Criteria. The following criteria are satisfied for
each combined circuit, including each DS1 circuit, each DS1 EEL, and
each DS1-equivalent circuit on a DS3 EEL:
9.1.1.10.2.3 Telephone Number Assignment. Each circuit to be
provided to each End User Customer will be assigned a local telephone
number prior to the provision of service over that circuit. This requires
that each DS1 circuit must have at least one (1) local telephone number
and each DS3 circuit has at least twenty-eight (28) local telephone
numbers. The origination and termination of local voice traffic on each
local telephone number assigned to a circuit shall not include a toll charge
and shall not require dialing special digits beyond those normally required
for a local voice call.
9.1.1.10.2.4 911 or E911. Each circuit to be provided to each End User
Customer will have 911 or E911 capability prior to the provision of service
over that circuit.
9.1.1.10.2.5 Collocation.
a) Each circuit to be provided to each End User Customer will
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
143

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
terminate in a Collocation arrangement that is established pursuant to
Section 251(c)(6) of the Act and located at Qwest's Premises within the
same LATA as the End User Customer's premises, when Qwest is not the
collocator, and cannot be at an Interexchange Carrier POP or ISP POP
location;
b) Each circuit to be provided to each End User Customer will
terminate in a Collocation arrangement that is located at the third party's
premises within the same LATA as the End User Customer's premises,
when Qwest is the collocator; and
c) When a DS1 or DS3 EEL Loop is connected to a multiplexed
facility, the multiplexed facility must be terminated in a Collocation
arrangement that is established pursuant to Section 251(c)(6) of the Act
and located at Qwest's Premises within the same LATA as the End User
Customer's premises, when Qwest is not the collocator, and cannot be at
an Interexchange Carrier POP or ISP POP location.
9.1.1.10.2.6 Interconnection Trunking. CLEC must arrange for the
meaningful exchange of traffic which must include hand-offs of local voice
calls that flow in both directions. Where CLEC does not arrange for a
meaningful exchange of traffic, those arrangements cannot be attributed
toward satisfaction of this criterion. At a minimum, each DS1 circuit must
be served by a DS0 equivalent LIS trunk in the same LATA as the End
User Customer served by the circuit. For each twenty-four (24) DS1
circuits, CLEC must maintain at least one (1) active DS1 LIS trunk in the
same LATA as the End User Customer served by the circuit.
9.1.1.10.2.6.1 Calling Party Number. Each circuit to be provided
to each End User Customer will be served by an Interconnection
trunk over which CLEC will transmit the Calling Party Number in
connection with calls exchanged over the trunk. For each twenty-
four (24) DS1 EELs or other facilities having equivalent capacity,
CLEC will have at least one (1) active DS1 LIS trunk over which
CLEC will transmit the Calling Party Number in connection with
calls exchanged over the trunk. If the Calling Party Number is not
exchanged over an Interconnection trunk, that trunk shall not be
counted towards meeting these criteria.
9.1.1.10.2.7 End Office Switch. Each circuit to be provided to each End
User Customer will be served by an End Office Switch capable of
switching local voice traffic. CLEC must certify that the switching
equipment is either registered in the LERG as a Class 5 Switch or that it
can switch local voice traffic.
9.1.1.10.3 CLEC must provide certification to Qwest through a certification
letter, or other mutually agreed upon communication, that each individual high
capacity loop in combination, or Commingled, with a Qwest-provided high
capacity transport facility or service, meets the Service Eligibility Criteria set forth
above before Qwest will provision or convert the high capacity facility in
combination or Commingled.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
144

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.1.1.10.4 CLEC's high capacity combination or Commingled facility Service
Eligibility shall remain valid only so long as CLEC continues to meet the Service
Eligibility Criteria set forth above. If CLEC's Service Eligibility on a given high
capacity combination or Commingled facility is no longer valid, CLEC must
submit a service order converting the facility to the appropriate private
line/special access service within thirty (30) Days.
9.1.1.10.5 Service Eligibility Audits. In order to confirm reasonable
compliance with these requirements, Qwest may perform Service Eligibility
Audits of CLEC's records. Service Eligibility Audits shall be performed in
accordance with the following guidelines:
9.1.1.10.5.1 Qwest may, upon thirty (30) Days written notice to CLEC
that has purchased high capacity combination and Commingled facilities,
conduct a Service Eligibility Audit to ascertain whether those high
capacity facilities were eligible for UNE treatment at the time of
Provisioning or conversion and on an ongoing basis thereafter.
9.1.1.10.5.2 CLEC shall make reasonable efforts to cooperate with any
Service Eligibility Audit by Qwest and shall maintain and provide Qwest
with relevant records (e.g., network and circuit configuration data, local
telephone numbers) which demonstrate that CLEC's high capacity
combination and Commingled facilities meet the Service Eligibility
Criteria.
9.1.1.10.5.3 An independent auditor hired and paid for by Qwest shall
perform any Service Eligibility Audits, provided, however, that if a Service
Eligibility Audit reveals that CLEC's high capacity combination and
Commingled facility circuit(s) do not meet or have not met the Service
Eligibility Criteria, then CLEC shall reimburse Qwest for the cost of the
audit. To the extent the independent auditor's report concludes that
CLEC complied in all material respects with the Service Eligibility Criteria,
Qwest shall reimburse CLEC for its costs associated with the Service
Eligibility Audit.
9.1.1.10.5.4 An independent auditor must perform its evaluation in
accordance with the standards established by the American Institute for
Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) and during normal business hours,
unless there is a mutual agreement otherwise.
9.1.1.10.5.5 Qwest shall not exercise its Service Eligibility Audit rights
with respect to CLEC (excluding Affiliates), more than once in any
calendar year, unless an audit finds non-compliance. If a Service
Eligibility Audit does find non-compliance, Qwest shall not exercise its
Service Eligibility Audit rights for sixty (60) Days following that audit, and if
any subsequent Service Eligibility Audit does not find non-compliance,
then Qwest shall not exercise its Service Eligibility Audit rights for the
remainder of the calendar year.
9.1.1.10.5.6 At the same time that Qwest provides notice of a Service
Eligibility Audit to CLEC under this paragraph, Qwest shall send a copy of
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
145

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
the notice to the Federal Communications Commission.
9.1.1.10.5.7 Service Eligibility Audits conducted by Qwest for the
purpose of determining compliance with Service Eligibility Criteria shall
not effect or in any way limit any audit or Dispute Resolution rights that
Qwest may have pursuant to other provisions of this Agreement.
9.1.1.10.5.8 Qwest shall not use any other audit rights it may have
under this Agreement to audit for compliance with the Service Eligibility
Criteria of this Section. Qwest shall not require a Service Eligibility Audit
as a prior prerequisite to Provisioning combination and Commingled
facilities.
9.1.1.10.5.9 CLEC shall maintain appropriate records to support its
Service Eligibility Criteria. However, CLEC has no obligation to keep any
records that it does not keep in the ordinary course of its business.
9.1.1.10.5.10 If a Service Eligibility Audit demonstrates that a high
capacity combination and Commingled facilities do not meet the Service
Eligibility Criteria above, the CLEC must convert all non-compliant circuits
to private line/special access circuits and CLEC must true-up any
difference in payments within thirty (30) days.
9.1.2 Qwest shall provide non-discriminatory access to Unbundled Network Elements
on rates, terms and conditions that are non-discriminatory, just and reasonable. The quality of
an Unbundled Network Element Qwest provides, as well as the access provided to that
element, will be equal between all Carriers requesting access to that element; second, where
Technically Feasible, the access and Unbundled Network Element provided by Qwest will be
provided in "substantially the same time and manner" to that which Qwest provides to itself or to
its Affiliates. In those situations where Qwest does not provide access to Network Elements to
itself, Qwest will provide access in a manner that provides CLEC with a meaningful opportunity
to compete. For the period of time Qwest provides access to CLEC to an Unbundled Network
Element, CLEC shall have exclusive use of the Network Element, except when the provisions
herein indicate that a Network Element will be shared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Qwest
shall provide access and UNEs at the service performance levels set forth in Section 20.
Notwithstanding specific language in other sections of this Agreement, all provisions of this
Agreement regarding Unbundled Network Elements are subject to this requirement. In addition,
Qwest shall comply with all state wholesale service quality requirements.
9.1.2.1 If facilities are not available, Qwest will build facilities dedicated to an End
User Customer if Qwest would be legally obligated to build such facilities to meet its
Provider of Last Resort (POLR) obligation to provide basic local Exchange Service or its
Eligible Telecommunications Carrier (ETC) obligation to provide primary basic local
Exchange Service. CLEC will be responsible for any construction charges for which an
End User Customer would be responsible. In other situations, Qwest does not agree
that it is obligated to build UNEs, but it will consider requests to build UNEs pursuant to
Section 9.19 of this Agreement.
9.1.2.1.1 Upon receipt of an LSR or ASR, Qwest will follow the same
process that it would follow for an equivalent retail service to determine if
assignable facilities exist that fit the criteria necessary for the service requested.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
146

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
If available facilities are not readily identified through the normal assignment
process, but facilities can be made ready by the requested Due Date, CLEC will
not receive an additional FOC, and the order Due Date will not be changed.
9.1.2.1.2 If cable capacity is available, Qwest will complete incremental
facility work (i.e., conditioning, place a drop, add a Network Interface Device, and
other routine network modifications as described below) in order to complete
facilities to the End User Customer's premises.
9.1.2.1.2.1 Qwest shall make all routine network modifications to
unbundled Loop and transport facilities used by CLEC where the
requested loop or transport facility has already been constructed. Qwest
shall perform these routine network modifications to unbundled Loop or
transport facilities in a non-discriminatory fashion, without regard to
whether the Loop or transport facility being accessed was constructed on
behalf, or in accordance with the specifications, of any carrier.
9.1.2.1.2.2 A routine network modification is an activity that
Qwest regularly undertakes for its own retail End User Customers.
Routine network modifications include, but are not limited to, rearranging
or splicing of cable; adding an equipment case; adding a doubler or
repeater; adding a smart jack; installing a repeater shelf; adding a line
card; deploying a new multiplexer or reconfiguring an existing multiplexer;
and attaching electronic and other equipment that Qwest ordinarily
attaches to a DS1 loop to activate such loop for its own retail End User
Customer. They also include activities needed to enable CLEC to light a
dark fiber transport facility. Routine network modifications may entail
activities such as accessing manholes, deploying bucket trucks to reach
aerial cable, and installing equipment casings. Routine network
modifications do not include the installation of new aerial or buried cable
for CLEC.
9.1.2.1.3 During the normal assignment process, if no available facilities are
identified for the UNE requested, Qwest will look for existing engineering job
orders that could fill the request in the future. If an engineering job currently
exists, Qwest will add CLEC's request to that engineering job and send CLEC a
jeopardy notice. Upon completion of the engineering job, Qwest will send CLEC
another FOC with a new Due Date. If facilities are not available and no
engineering job exists that could fill the request in the future, Qwest will treat
CLECs request as follows:
9.1.2.1.3.1 For UNEs that meet the requirements set forth in
Section 9.1.2.1, CLEC will receive a jeopardy notice. Qwest will initiate
an engineering job order for delivery of primary service to the End User
Customer. When the engineering job is completed, CLEC will receive
another FOC identifying a new Due Date when the Loop will be ready for
installation. Upon receipt of the second FOC, CLEC can request a
different Due Date by submitting a supplemental order to change the Due
Date to a later date.
9.1.2.1.3.2 For UNEs that do not meet the requirements in
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
147

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
Section 9.1.2.1, Qwest will send CLEC a rejection notice canceling the
LSR or ASR. Upon receipt of the rejection notice, CLEC may submit a
request to build UNEs pursuant to Section 9.19 of this Agreement.
9.1.2.1.4 Qwest will provide CLEC notification of major Loop facility builds
through the ICONN database. This notification shall include the identification of
any funded outside plant engineering jobs that exceeds one hundred thousand
dollars ($100,000) in total cost, the estimated Ready for Service Date, the
number of pairs or fibers added, and the location of the new facilities (e.g.,
Distribution Area for copper distribution, route number for copper feeder, and
termination CLLI codes for fiber). CLEC acknowledges that Qwest does not
warrant or guarantee the estimated Ready for Service Dates. CLEC also
acknowledges that funded Qwest outside plant engineering jobs may be modified
or cancelled at any time.
9.1.2.1.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.1.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.1.4 Qwest will provide a connection between Unbundled Network Elements and a
Demarcation Point. Such connection is an Interconnection Tie Pair (ITP). An ITP is required for
each Unbundled Network Element or ancillary service delivered to CLEC. The ITP provides the
connection between the Unbundled Network Element and the ICDF or other Central Office
Demarcation Point. The ITP is ordered in conjunction with a UNE. The charges for the ITP are
contained in Exhibit A. The ITP may be ordered per termination. The Demarcation Point shall
be:
a) at CLEC-provided Cross Connection equipment located in CLEC's Virtual or
Physical Collocation Space; or
b) if CLEC elects to use ICDF Collocation, at the Interconnection Distribution
Frame (ICDF); or
c) if CLEC elects to use an ICDF in association with Virtual or Physical
Collocation, at the ICDF; or
d) if CLEC elects to use a direct connection from its Collocation space to the
distribution frame serving a particular element, at the distribution frame; or
e) at another Central Office Demarcation Point mutually-agreed to by the Parties.
9.1.5 CLEC may connect Network Elements in any Technically Feasible manner.
Qwest will provide CLEC with the same features, functions and capabilities of a particular
element or combinations of elements that Qwest provides to itself. Qwest will provide CLEC
with all of the features and functionalities of a particular element or combination of elements
(regardless of whether such combination of elements is ordered from Qwest in combination or
as elements to be combined by CLEC), so that CLEC can provide any Telecommunications
Services that can be offered by means of such element or combination of elements. Qwest will
provide Unbundled Network Elements to CLEC in a manner that allows CLEC to combine such
elements to provide any Telecommunications Services. Qwest shall not in any way restrict
CLEC's use of any element or combination of elements (regardless of whether such
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
148

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
combination of elements is ordered from Qwest in combination or as elements to be combined
by CLEC) except as Qwest may be expressly permitted or required by Existing Rules.
9.1.6 Except as set forth in Section 9.23, the UNE Combinations Section, Qwest
provides UNEs on an individual element basis. Charges, if any, for testing pursuant to this
paragraph are contained in Exhibit A to this Agreement.
9.1.6.1 When elements are provisioned by Qwest on an individual element basis
(whether or not such elements are combined by CLEC with other elements provided by
Qwest or CLEC):
a) Qwest will perform testing necessary or reasonably requested by CLEC,
to determine that such UNE is capable of meeting the technical parameters
established for each UNE.
b) Qwest will repair and maintain such element to ensure that UNE
continues to meet the technical parameters established for each UNE. CLEC is
responsible for the end–to-end transmission and circuit functionality testing for
UNE Combinations created by CLEC.
c) Qwest will cooperate with CLEC in any Technically Feasible testing
necessary or reasonably requested by CLEC to assist in determining end-to-end
transmission and circuit functionality of such UNE.
9.1.6.2 When elements are provisioned by Qwest in combination:
a) Qwest will perform testing necessary or reasonably requested by CLEC
to determine that such combination and each UNE included in such combination
is capable of meeting the technical parameters of the combination.
b) Qwest will repair and maintain such combination and each UNE
included in such combination to ensure that such UNE continues to meet the
technical parameters of the combination.
c) Qwest will cooperate with CLEC in any Technically Feasible testing
necessary or reasonably requested by CLEC to determine end-to-end
transmission and circuit functionality of such combination.
9.1.7 Installation intervals for Unbundled Network Elements are contained in Exhibit C.
9.1.8 Maintenance and repair is described herein. The repair center contact telephone
numbers are provided in the PCAT, which is located on the Qwest web site.
9.1.9 In order to maintain and modernize the network properly, Qwest may make
necessary modifications and changes to the UNEs in its network on an as needed basis. Such
changes may result in minor changes to transmission parameters. Network maintenance and
modernization activities will result in UNE transmission parameters that are within transmission
limits of the UNE ordered by CLEC. Qwest shall provide advance notice of changes that affect
network Interoperability pursuant to applicable FCC rules. Changes that affect network
Interoperability include changes to local dialing from seven (7) to ten (10) digit, area code splits,
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
149

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
and new area code implementation. FCC rules are contained in C.F.R. Parts 51 and 52. Qwest
provides such disclosures on an Internet web site.
9.1.10 Channel Regeneration. Qwest's design will ensure the cable between the
Qwest-provided active elements and the DSX will meet the proper signal level requirements.
Channel regeneration will not be charged for separately for Interconnection between a
Collocation space and Qwest's network. Cable distance limitations are based on ANSI
Standard T1.102-1993 "Digital Hierarchy – Electrical Interface; Annex B."
9.1.11 Recurring and nonrecurring charges apply for Unbundled Network Elements, as
provided under "Rate Elements" subsections of this Section 9.
9.1.12 Miscellaneous Charges apply for miscellaneous services listed below in this
Section, if such miscellaneous services are available with Unbundled Network Elements as
provided under "Rate Elements" subsections of this Section 9. Miscellaneous services are
provided at CLEC's request or are provided based on CLEC's actions that result in
miscellaneous services being provided by Qwest. Miscellaneous Charges are in addition to
recurring and nonrecurring charges that apply under this Agreement. When more than one
miscellaneous service is requested for the same Unbundled Network Element(s), Miscellaneous
Charges for each miscellaneous service apply. Basic rates apply for miscellaneous services
provided during Qwest's regular business hours, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., local time, Monday through
Friday, excluding holidays; overtime Miscellaneous Charges apply for such services provided
between 5 p.m. and 8 a.m., local time, Monday through Friday, or any time Saturday, excluding
holidays; and premium Miscellaneous Charges apply for such services provided any time on
Sundays or holidays.
a) Additional engineering – engineering work including: 1) additional technical
information after Qwest has already provided the technical information normally on the
design layout record; 2) customized service; or 3) review of Qwest outside plant
records. Basic or overtime rates apply.
b) Additional labor – installation – installation work scheduled to be performed
outside of Qwest's regular business hours. Overtime or premium rates apply.
c) Additional labor - other - work not included in "additional labor – installation"
above that involves labor only, including testing and maintenance that are not part of
initially requested installation or maintenance, or, for example, for Optional Testing when
CLEC reports trouble and provides no test results and authorizes Qwest to perform tests
on CLEC's behalf. Basic, overtime, or premium rates apply.
d) Additional cooperative acceptance testing – performing specific tests requested
by CLEC. Qwest's participation in such testing is subject to the availability of necessary
qualified Qwest personnel and test equipment at test locations, which normally include
the Qwest Central Office and may include CLEC's specified location. Tests include, but
are not limited to, loop back, attenuation, intermodulation, phase jitter, noise, delay,
echo, and frequency shift tests. Basic, overtime, or premium rates apply.
e) Non-scheduled testing - performing specific tests requested by CLEC as
described above under “cooperative testing" or “manual testing" on a non-scheduled
basis. Tests include, but are not limited to, loss, noise, slope, delay, and echo. Such
tests are performed as the result of a repair request and are in addition to tests required
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
150

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
to isolate and repair trouble. Basic, overtime, or premium rates apply.
f) Cancellation – cancellation of a pending order for the installation of services at
any time prior to notification by Qwest that service is available for use. The cancellation
date is the date Qwest receives notice from CLEC that the order is cancelled. If CLEC
or CLEC's End User Customer is unable to accept service within thirty (30) Days after
the original Due Date, the order will be cancelled by Qwest. Additional information
concerning the application of prices for cancellations can be found in Qwest's Tariff FCC
No. 1, Section 5.
g) Design change – information provided by CLEC or a request from CLEC that
results in an engineering review and/or a design change to service on a pending service
order, per order, per occurrence. Design changes include, but are not limited to: 1)
changes to the address on a pending service order when the new address is in the same
Qwest Wire Center as the original address; or 2) conversions from an Unbundled
Network Element to a private line/Special Access circuit. In addition to a design change
Miscellaneous Charge, an address change may result in the application of an expedite
Miscellaneous Charge in order to retain the original Due Date.
h) Dispatch – 1) information provided by CLEC, or a request from CLEC, in relation
to installation of services, resulting in dispatch of a Qwest technician(s) when dispatch is
not required for Qwest to complete its installation work; 2) information provided by CLEC
resulting in dispatch, or a request from CLEC for dispatch, of a Qwest technician(s) in
relation to a repair request where no trouble is found in Qwest's facilities; and 3) a Qwest
technician(s) is dispatched and CLEC or CLEC's End User Customer is not available or
ready.
i) Expedite – a Due Date that reflects a shorter service interval than is available in
Qwest's Service Interval Guide; or that is a request for an earlier Due Date than has
been established on a pending order; or that is required to meet a Due Date on a
pending order due to design or other changes submitted by CLEC. Qwest will
accommodate CLEC's request for an expedited installation if it can do so without
delaying Due Dates or orders of other CLECs or End User Customers. Charges for
expedited installations are in addition to nonrecurring charges for the service ordered.
Prices for this miscellaneous service are market-based, using Qwest's Tariffed,
cataloged, price listed, or other similarly documented prices, and are subject to change.
j) Maintenance of Service/Trouble Isolation – work performed by Qwest when
CLEC reports trouble to Qwest and no trouble is found in Qwest's facilities. CLEC is
responsible for payment of charges when the trouble is in equipment or systems
provided by a party(ies) other than Qwest. Additionally, when CLEC reports trouble
within a quantity of services and circuits, but fails to identify the specific service and
circuit experiencing trouble, charges apply for the time spent by Qwest to isolate the
trouble. A call-out of Qwest technician at a time not consecutive with that technician's
scheduled work period is subject to a minimum charge of four (4) hours. Failure of
Qwest personnel to find trouble in Qwest facilities will result in no charge if the trouble is
subsequently found in those facilities. Charges apply per Qwest technician, from the
time of dispatch until the work is complete. Trouble Isolation Charges (TIC) apply for
trouble isolation work on POTS and Maintenance of Service charges apply for trouble
isolation work on other services. Dispatch Miscellaneous Charges may apply in addition
to Maintenance of Service charges or TIC. Basic, overtime, or premium rates apply.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
151

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.1.13 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.1.14 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.1.15 Expedite requests for designed Unbundled Network Elements are available.
Expedites are requests for intervals that are shorter than the interval defined in Qwest's Service
Interval Guide (SIG) or Individual Case Basis (ICB) Due Dates. When expedites are approved,
expedite charges apply per order for every day that the Due Date interval is shortened, based
on the standard interval in the SIG or based on ICB criteria for Due Dates. Expedite charges will
apply to Unbundled Network Elements orders based on the rates described in Exhibit A.
9.1.15.1 CLEC will request an expedite for designed Unbundled Network
Elements, including an expedited Due Date, on the Local Service Request (LSR) or the
Access Service Request (ASR), as appropriate.
9.1.15.2 The request for an expedite will be allowed only when resources are
available and the request meets the criteria outlined in the Pre-Approved Expedite
Process in Qwest's Product Catalog for expedites at Qwest's wholesale web site.
9.1.16 CLEC requests for UNEs shall be consistent with the Omaha Forbearance Order.
9.2 Unbundled Loops
9.2.1 Description
The Unbundled Loop is defined as a transmission facility between a distribution frame (or its
equivalent) in a Qwest Central Office and the Loop Demarcation Point at an End User
Customer's premises. The Unbundled Loop includes all features, functions, and capabilities of
such transmission facility. Those features, functions, and capabilities include, but are not limited
to, attached electronics that are necessary for the full functionality of the loop (except those
electronics used for the provision of Advanced Services, such as Digital Subscriber Line Access
Multiplexers), and line conditioning. The Unbundled Loop includes DS0, DS1, and DS3 Loops.
9.2.1.1 Loop Demarcation Point – For purposes of this Section, Loop
Demarcation Point is the point where Qwest owned or controlled facilities cease, and
CLEC, End User Customer, owner or landlord ownership of facilities begins.
9.2.1.2 FTTH and FTTC Loops. For purposes of this Section, a Fiber-to-the-
Home (FTTH) loop is a local Loop consisting entirely of fiber optic cable, whether dark or
lit, and serving an End User Customer's premises, or, in the case of predominantly
residential multiple dwelling units (MDUs), a fiber optic cable, whether dark or lit, that
extends to the MDU's minimum point of entry (MPOE). For purposes of this Section, a
Fiber-to-the-Curb (FTTC) loop is a local loop consisting of fiber optic cable connecting to
a copper distribution plant loop that is not more than 500 feet from the End User
Customer's premises or, in the case of predominantly residential MDU, not more than
500 feet from the MDU's MPOE. The fiber optic cable in a FTTC must connect to a
copper distribution plant loop at a serving area interface from which every other copper
distribution Subloop also is not more than 500 feet from the respective End User
Customer's premises.
9.2.1.2.1 FTTH/FTTC New Builds. Qwest shall have no obligation to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
152

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
provide access to an FTTH/FTTC loop as an Unbundled Network Element in any
situation where Qwest deploys such a loop to an End User Customer's premises
that had not previously been served by any loop facility.
9.2.1.2.2 FTTH/FTTC Overbuilds. Qwest shall have no obligation to
provide access to an FTTH/FTTC loop as an Unbundled Network Element in any
situation where Qwest deploys such a loop parallel to, or in replacement of, an
existing copper loop facility. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where Qwest
deploys a FTTH/FTTC loop parallel to, or in replacement of, an existing copper
loop facility:
9.2.1.2.2.1 Qwest shall: (i) leave the existing copper loop
connected to the End User Customer's premises after deploying the
FTTH/FTTC loop to such premises, and (ii) upon request provide access
to such copper loop as an Unbundled Network Element. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Qwest shall not be required to incur any expense to ensure
that any such existing copper loop remains capable of transmitting signals
prior to receiving a request from CLEC for access, as set forth above, in
which case Qwest shall restore such copper loop to serviceable condition
on an Individual Case Basis. Any such restoration shall not be subject to
Performance Indicator Definition or other performance service
measurement or intervals. Qwest's obligations under this subsection
9.2.1.2.2 shall terminate when Qwest retires such copper Loop in
accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2.1.2.3 below.
9.2.1.2.2.2 In the event Qwest, in accordance with the
provisions of Section 9.2.1.2.3 below, retires the existing copper loop
connected to the End User Customer's premises, Qwest shall provide
access, as an Unbundled Network Element, over the FTTH/FTTC loop to
a 64 kbps transmission path capable of voice grade service.
9.2.1.2.3 Retirement of Copper Loops or Copper Subloops and
Replacement with FTTH/FTTC Loops. In the event Qwest decides to replace
any copper loop or copper Subloop with a FTTH/FTTC Loop, Qwest will: (i)
provide notice of such planned replacement on its web site
(www.qwest.com/disclosures); (ii) provide e-mail notice of such planned
retirement to CLECs; and (iii) provide public notice of such planned replacement
to the FCC. Such notices shall be in addition to any applicable state Commission
notification that may be required. Any such notice provided to the FCC shall be
deemed approved on the ninetieth (90th) Day after the FCC's release of its public
notice of the filing, unless an objection is filed pursuant to the FCC's rules. In
accordance with the FCC's rules: (i) CLEC objection to a Qwest notice that it
plans to replace any copper Loop or copper Subloop with a FTTH/FTTC Loop
shall be filed with the FCC and served upon Qwest no later than the ninth (9th)
business day following the release of the FCC's public notice of the filing and (ii)
any such objection shall be deemed denied ninety (90) Days after the date on
which the FCC releases public notice of the filing, unless the FCC rules
otherwise within that period.
9.2.1.3 Hybrid Loops. A "Hybrid Loop" is an Unbundled Loop composed of both
fiber optic cable, usually in the feeder plant, and copper wire or cable, usually in the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
153

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
distribution plant.
9.2.1.3.1 Broadband Services. When CLEC seeks access to a Hybrid
Loop for the provision of broadband services, including DS1 or DS3 capacity, but
not DSL, Qwest shall provide CLEC with non-discriminatory access on an
unbundled basis to time division multiplexing features, functions, and capabilities
of that Hybrid Loop, only where impairment has been found to exist to establish a
complete transmission path between Qwest's Central Office and an End User
Customer's premises. This access shall include access to all features, functions,
and capabilities of the Hybrid Loop that are not used to transmit packetized
information.
9.2.1.3.2 Narrowband Services. When CLEC seeks access to a Hybrid
Loop for the provision of narrowband services, Qwest may either:
a) Provide non-discriminatory access, on an unbundled basis, to
an entire Hybrid Loop capable of voice-grade service (i.e., equivalent to
DS0 capacity), using time division multiplexing technology; or
b) Provide non-discriminatory access to a spare home-run copper
loop serving that End User Customer on an unbundled basis.
9.2.1.4 CLEC shall not place orders for Unbundled Loops in the Forbearance
Wire Centers.
9.2.2 Terms and Conditions
9.2.2.1 Qwest shall provide CLEC, on a non-discriminatory basis, Unbundled
Loops (unbundled from local switching and transport) of substantially the same quality
as the Loop that Qwest uses to provide service to its own End User Customers. For
Unbundled Loops that have a retail analogue, Qwest will provide these Unbundled
Loops in substantially the same time and manner as Qwest provides to its own End User
Customers. Unbundled Loops shall be provisioned in accordance with Exhibit C and the
performance metrics set forth in Section 20 and with a minimum of service disruption.
9.2.2.1.1 Use of the word "capable" to describe Loops in Section 9.2
means that Qwest assures that the Loop meets the technical standards
associated with the specified Network Channel/Network Channel Interface
codes, as contained in the relevant technical publications and industry standards.
9.2.2.1.2 Use of the word "compatible" to describe Loops in Section 9.2
means the Unbundled Loop complies with technical parameters of the specified
Network Channel/Network Channel Interface codes as specified in the relevant
technical publications and industry standards. Qwest makes no assumptions as
to the capabilities of CLEC's Central Office equipment or the Customer Premises
Equipment.
9.2.2.2 Analog (Voice Grade) Unbundled Loops. Analog (voice grade)
Unbundled Loops are available as a two-wire or four-wire voice grade, point-to-point
configuration suitable for local exchange type services. For the two-wire configuration,
CLEC must specify the signaling option. The actual Loop facilities may utilize various
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
154

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
technologies or combinations of technologies.
9.2.2.2.1 If Qwest uses Integrated Digital Loop Carrier (IDLC) systems to
provide the Unbundled Loop, Qwest will first attempt, to the extent possible, to
make alternate arrangements such as Line and Station Transfers (LST), to
permit CLEC to obtain a contiguous copper Unbundled Loop. If a LST is not
available, Qwest may also seek alternatives such as Integrated Network Access
(INA), hair pinning, or placement of a Central Office terminal, to permit CLEC to
obtain an Unbundled Loop. If no such facilities are available, Qwest will make
every feasible effort to provision Unbundled Loops over the IDLC in order to
provide the Unbundled Loop for CLEC.
9.2.2.2.1.1 In areas where Qwest has deployed amounts of
IDLC that are sufficient to cause reasonable concern about CLEC’s
ability to provide service through available copper facilities on a broad
scale, CLEC shall have the ability to gain access to Qwest information
sufficient to provide CLEC with a reasonably complete identification of
such available copper facilities. Qwest shall be entitled to mediate
access in a manner reasonably related to the need to protect Confidential
or Proprietary Information. CLEC shall be responsible for Qwest’s
incremental costs to provide such information or access mediation.
9.2.2.2.2 If there are state service quality rules in effect at the time CLEC
requests an Analog Unbundled Loop, Qwest will provide an Analog Unbundled
Loop that meets the state technical standards. If necessary to meet the state
standards, Qwest will, at no cost to CLEC, remove load coils and Bridged Taps
from the Loop in accordance with the requirements of the specific technical
standard.
9.2.2.3 Digital Capable Loops – DS1 and DS3 Capable Loops, Basic Rate (BRI)
ISDN Capable Loops, 2/4 Wire Non-Loaded Loops and xDSL-I Capable Loops.
Unbundled digital Loops are transmission paths capable of carrying specifically
formatted and line coded digital signals. Unbundled digital Loops may be provided using
a variety of transmission technologies including, but not limited to, metallic wire, metallic
wire based digital Loop carrier, and fiber optic fed digital carrier systems. Qwest will
provision digital Loops in a non-discriminatory manner, using the same facilities
assignment processes that Qwest uses for itself to provide the requisite service. Digital
Loops may use a single or multiple transmission technologies. DC continuity does not
apply to digital capable Loops. If conditioning is required, then CLEC shall be charged
for such conditioning as set forth in Exhibit A if it authorized Qwest to perform such
conditioning.
9.2.2.3.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.2.3.1.1 DS1 Unbundled Loops. Subject to the cap described in
Section 9.2.2.3.1.1.1, Qwest shall provide CLEC with non-discriminatory
access to a DS1 Loop on an unbundled basis to any building not served
by a Wire Center with at least 60,000 Business Lines and at least four (4)
Fiber-based Collocators. Once a Wire Center exceeds both of these
thresholds, no future DS1 Loop unbundling will be required in that Wire
Center.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
155

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.2.2.3.1.1.1 Cap on Unbundled DS1 Loop Circuits. CLEC may
obtain a maximum of ten (10) unbundled DS1 Loops to any single
building in which DS1 Loops are available as Unbundled Loops.
9.2.2.3.1.2 DS3 Unbundled Loops. Subject to the cap described
in Section 9.2.2.3.1.2.1, Qwest shall provide CLEC with non-
discriminatory access to a DS3 Loop on an unbundled basis to any
building not served by a Wire Center with at least 38,000 Business Lines
and at least four (4) Fiber-based Collocators. If a Wire Center exceeds
both of these thresholds, no future DS3 Loop unbundling is required in
that Wire Center.
9.2.2.3.1.2.1 Cap on Unbundled DS3 Loop Circuits. CLEC may
obtain a maximum of a single unbundled DS3 Loop to any single
building in which DS3 Loops are available as unbundled Loops.
9.2.2.3.2 If CLEC orders a 2/4 wire non-loaded Unbundled Loop for an End
User Customer served by a digital loop carrier system, Qwest will conduct an
assignment process which considers the potential for an LST or alternative
copper facility. If no copper facility capable of supporting the requested service is
available, then Qwest will reject the order.
9.2.2.4 Non-Loaded Loops. CLEC may request that Qwest provide a non-loaded
Unbundled Loop. In the event that no such facilities are available, CLEC may request
that Qwest condition existing spare facilities. CLEC may indicate on the LSR that it pre-
approves conditioning if conditioning is necessary. If CLEC has not pre-approved
conditioning, Qwest will obtain CLEC's consent prior to undertaking any conditioning
efforts. Upon CLEC pre-approval or approval of conditioning, and only if conditioning is
necessary, Qwest will dispatch a technician to condition the Loop by removing load coils
and excess Bridged Taps to provide CLEC with a non-loaded Loop. CLEC will be
charged the nonrecurring conditioning charge (i.e., cable unloading and Bridged Taps
removal), if applicable, in addition to the Unbundled Loop installation nonrecurring
charge.
9.2.2.4.1 Where Qwest fails to meet a Due Date for performing Loop
conditioning, CLEC shall be entitled to a credit equal to the amount of any
conditioning charges applied, where it does not secure the Unbundled Loop
involved within three (3) months of such Due Date. Where Qwest does not
perform conditioning in accord with the standards applicable under this
Agreement, CLEC shall be entitled to a credit of one-half (1/2) of the conditioning
charges made, unless CLEC can demonstrate that the Loop as conditioned is
incapable of substantially performing the functions normally within the
parameters applicable to such Loop as this Agreement requires Qwest to deliver
it to CLEC. In the case of such fundamental failure, CLEC shall be entitled to a
credit of all conditioning charges, except where CLEC asks Qwest to cure any
defect and Qwest does so. In the case of such cure, CLEC shall be entitled to
the one-half (1/2) credit identified above.
9.2.2.5 When CLEC requests a Basic Rate ISDN capable or an xDSL-I capable
Loop, Qwest will dispatch a technician, if necessary, to provide Extension Technology
that takes into account for example: the additional regenerator placement, Central Office
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
156

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
powering, Mid-Span repeaters, if required, and BRITE cards in order to provision the
Basic Rate ISDN capable and xDSL-I capable Loop. Extension Technology may be
required in order to bring the circuit to the specifications necessary to accommodate the
requested service. If the circuit design requires Extension Technology, to bring it up to
the design standards, it will be added by Qwest, at no charge. Extension Technology
can also be requested by CLEC to meet its specific needs. If Extension Technology is
requested by CLEC, but is not required to meet the technical standards, then Qwest will
provide the requested Extension Technology and will charge CLEC. Qwest will
provision ISDN (BRI) capable and xDSL-I capable Loops using the specifications in the
Technical Publication 77384. Refer to that document for more information. CLEC will
be charged an Extension Technology recurring charge in addition to the Unbundled
Loop recurring charge, if applicable, as specified in Exhibit A of this Agreement. The
ISDN Capable Loop may also require conditioning (e.g., removal of load coils or Bridged
Taps).
9.2.2.6 For DS1 or DS3 capable Loops, Qwest will provide the necessary
electronics at both ends, including any intermediate repeaters. In addition, CLEC will
have access to these terminations for testing purposes.
9.2.2.6.1 DS1 capable Loops provide a transmission path between a
Central Office network interface at a DS1 panel or equivalent in a Qwest serving
Central Office and the network interface at the End User Customer location. DS1
capable Loops transport bi-directional DS1 signals with a nominal transmission
rate of 1.544 Mbit/s. DS1 capable Loops shall meet the design requirements
specified in Technical Publication 77384 (Unbundled Loops) and 77375 (DS1).
9.2.2.6.2 DS3 capable Loops provide a transmission path between a Qwest
Central Office network interface and an equivalent network interface at an End
User Customer location. DS3 capable Loops transport bi-directional DS3 signals
with a nominal transmission rate of 44.736 Mbit/s. DS3 capable Loops shall
meet the design requirements specified in Technical Publications 77384
(Unbundled Loop) and 77324 (DS3).
9.2.2.7 Qwest is not obligated to provision BRI-ISDN, xDSL-I-capable, DS1 or
DS3-capable Loops to End User Customers in areas served exclusively by Loop
facilities or transmission equipment that are not compatible with the requested service.
9.2.2.8 Loop Qualification Tools. Qwest offers five (5) Loop qualification tools:
the Loop Qualification Tool, Raw Loop Data Tool, POTS Conversion to Unbundled Loop
Tool, MegaBit Qualification Tool, and ISDN Qualification Tool. These and any future
Loop qualification tools Qwest develops will provide CLEC access to Loop qualification
information in a nondiscriminatory manner and will provide CLEC the same Loop
qualification information available to Qwest. CLEC may request an audit of Qwest's
company records, back office systems and databases pertaining to Loop information
pursuant to Section 18 of this Agreement.
9.2.2.8.1 Loop Qualification Tool. CLEC may use the Loop Qualification
tool to pre-qualify the requested circuit utilizing the existing telephone number or
address to determine whether it meets DSL specifications. The qualification
process screens the circuit for compliance with the design requirements specified
in Technical Publication 77399.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
157

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.2.2.8.2 Raw Loop Data Tools. Qwest offers two (2) types of Raw Loop
Data Tool. If CLEC has a digital certificate, CLEC may access the Wire Center
Raw Loop Data Tool via http://ecom.qwest.com. The Wire Center Raw Loop
Data Tool provides CLEC the following information: Wire Center CLLI code,
cable name, pair name, terminal address, MLT distance, segment (F1, F2), sub-
segment (e.g., 1 of F1), segment length, segment gauge, Bridged Taps length by
segment, Bridged Taps offset distance, load coil type, and pair gain type. CLEC
may also access the IMA Raw Loop Data Tool for Loop specific information. The
IMA Raw Loop Data Tool may be accessed through IMA-GUI or IMA-EDI. This
tool provides CLEC the following information: Wire Center CLLI code, cable
name, pair name, terminal address, MLT distance, segment (F1, F2), sub-
segment (e.g., 1 of F1), segment length, segment gauge, Bridged Taps length by
segment, Bridged Taps offset distance, load coil type, number of loads, and pair
gain type.
9.2.2.8.3 POTS Conversion to Unbundled Loop Tool. The POTS
Conversion to Unbundled Loop Tool is available to CLEC through IMA-GUI or
IMA-EDI. This tool informs CLEC whether the facility is copper or pair gain and
whether there are load coils on the Loop.
9.2.2.8.4 DSL Qualification Tool. The DSL Qualification Tool is available
to CLEC through IMA-GUI or IMA-EDI. This tool provides a "yes/no" answer
regarding the Loop's ability to support Qwest DSL service. If the DSL
Qualification Tool returns a "no" answer, it provides a brief explanation.
9.2.2.8.5 ISDN Qualification Tool. The ISDN Qualification Tool is
available to CLEC through IMA-GUI or IMA-EDI. This tool permits CLEC to view
information on multiple lines and will inform CLEC of the number of lines found.
If an ISDN capable Loop is found, the tool identifies the facility and, if applicable,
pair gain.
9.2.2.8.6 If the Loop make-up information for a particular facility is not
contained in the Loop qualification tools, if the Loop qualification tools return
unclear or incomplete information, or if CLEC identifies any inaccuracy in the
information returned from the Loop qualification tools, and provides Qwest with
the basis for CLEC's belief that the information is inaccurate, then CLEC may
request, and Qwest will perform a manual search of the company's records, back
office systems and databases where Loop information resides. Qwest will
provide CLEC, via email, the Loop information identified during the manual
search within forty-eight (48) hours of Qwest's receipt of CLEC's request for
manual search. The email will contain the following Loop makeup information:
composition of the Loop material; location and type of pair gain devices, the
existence of any terminals, such as Remote Terminals or digital loop terminals,
Bridged Tap, and load coils; Loop length, and wire gauge. In the case of Loops
served by digital loop carrier, the email will provide the availability of spare feeder
and distribution facilities that could be used to provision service to the End User
Customer, including any spare facilities not connected to the Switch and Loop
makeup for such spare facilities. After completion of the investigation, Qwest will
load the information into the Loop Facilities Assignment and Control System
(LFACS) database, which will populate this Loop information into the fields in the
Loop qualification tools.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
158

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.2.2.9 Provisioning Options. The following provisioning options are available for
Unbundled Loop elements. Charges for these Provisioning options vary depending on
the type of Loop requested. Rates are contained in Exhibit A of this Agreement. Testing
parameters are described below and in Qwest Technical Publication 77384, Qwest
Interconnection Service – Unbundled Loop.
9.2.2.9.1 Basic Installation. Basic Installation may be ordered for new or
existing Unbundled Loops. Upon completion, Qwest will call CLEC to notify
CLEC that the Qwest work has been completed.
9.2.2.9.1.1 For an existing End User Customer, the Basic
Installation option is a "lift and lay" procedure. The Central Office
Technician (COT) "lifts" the Loop from its current termination and "lays" it
on a new termination connecting to CLEC. There is no associated circuit
testing performed.
9.2.2.9.1.2 For new End User Customer service, the Basic
Installation option involves the COT and Field Technician (CST/NT)
completing circuit wiring and performing the required performance tests to
ensure the new circuit meets the required parameter limits. The test
results are NOT provided to CLEC.
9.2.2.9.1.3 For basic installation of existing 2/4 wire analog
Loops, Qwest provides a Quick Loop with or without Local Number
Portability (LNP) option, that enables CLEC to receive the Quick Loop
installation interval as set forth in Exhibit C. Quick Loop installation
without LNP includes only a simple lift and lay procedure. Quick Loop
with LNP installation provides a lift and lay, and the LNP functions. Quick
Loop is not available with cooperative testing, coordinated installation, or
when unbundling from an IDLC to a copper alternative.
9.2.2.9.2 Basic Installation with Performance Testing. Basic Installation
with Performance Testing may be ordered for new or existing Unbundled Loops.
9.2.2.9.2.1 For an existing End User Customer, Basic
Installation with Performance Testing is a "lift and lay" procedure. The
Central Office Technician (COT) "lifts" the Loop from its current
termination and "lays" it on a new termination connecting CLEC. The
COT and Implementor/Tester perform the required performance tests to
ensure that the new circuit meets required parameter limits.
9.2.2.9.2.2 The Qwest Implementor/Tester will read the test
results to CLEC on close-out and email the performance test results
within two (2) business days to a single, designated CLEC office email
address.
9.2.2.9.2.3 For new End User Customer service, the Basic
Installation with Performance Testing option requires a dispatch to the
End User Customer premises. The COT and Field Technician complete
circuit wiring and perform the required performance tests to ensure the
new circuit meets the required parameter limits. These test results are
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
159

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
read to CLEC by the Qwest Implementor/Tester on close-out. Within two
(2) business days, Qwest will email the performance test results to a
single, designated CLEC office email address.
9.2.2.9.3 Coordinated Installation With Cooperative Testing. Coordinated
Installation With Cooperative Testing may be ordered for new or existing service.
For both new and existing service, CLEC must designate a specific "Appointment
Time" when it submits the LSR. On the Due Date (DD), at CLEC's designated
Appointment Time, the Qwest Implementor/Tester contacts CLEC to ensure
CLEC is ready for installation. If CLEC is not ready within thirty (30) minutes of
the scheduled Appointment Time, then CLEC must reschedule the installation by
submitting a supplemental LSR for a new Due Date and Appointment Time. If
Qwest is not ready within thirty (30) minutes of the scheduled Appointment Time,
Qwest will waive the nonrecurring charge for the installation option, and the
Parties will attempt to set a new appointment for the same day. If Qwest fails to
perform cooperative testing due to Qwest's fault, Qwest will waive the
nonrecurring charge for the installation option. If CLEC still desires cooperative
testing, the Parties will attempt to set a new Appointment Time on the same day
and, if unable to do so, Qwest will issue a jeopardy notice and a FOC with a new
Due Date.
9.2.2.9.3.1 For an existing End User Customer, Coordinated
Installation With Cooperative Testing is a "lift and lay" procedure with
cooperative testing. The COT completes the installation in the Central
Office and performs testing that CLEC requests. Upon completion of
Qwest performance testing, the Qwest Implementor/Tester will contact
CLEC, read the Qwest test results, and begin CLEC cooperative testing.
Within two (2) business days, Qwest will email the Qwest test results to a
single, designated CLEC office email address. CLEC will be charged for
any Provisioning test CLEC requests that is not defined in the Qwest
Technical Publication 77384.
9.2.2.9.3.2 For new End User Customer service, Coordinated
Installation With Cooperative Testing may require a dispatch of a
technician to the End User Customer premises. The COT and Field
Technician complete circuit wiring and perform the required performance
tests to ensure that the new circuit meets required parameter limits.
Upon completion of Qwest performance testing, the Qwest
Implementor/Tester will contact CLEC, read the Qwest test results, and
begin CLEC cooperative testing. Within two (2) business days, Qwest will
email the Qwest test results to a single, designated CLEC office email
address. CLEC will be charged for any Provisioning test not defined in
the Qwest Technical Publication 77384.
9.2.2.9.4 Coordinated Installation Without Cooperative Testing.
Coordinated Installation Without Cooperative Testing may be ordered for new or
existing service. For both new and existing service, CLEC must designate a
specific "Appointment Time" when it submits the LSR. On the Due Date (DD), at
CLEC's designated Appointment Time, the Qwest Implementor/Tester contacts
CLEC to ensure CLEC is ready for installation. If CLEC is not ready within thirty
(30) minutes of the scheduled Appointment Time, then CLEC must reschedule
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
160

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
the installation by submitting a supplemental LSR. If Qwest is not ready within
thirty (30) minutes of the scheduled Appointment Time, Qwest will waive the
nonrecurring charge for the installation option and the Parties will attempt to set a
new Appointment Time on the same day and, if unable to do so, Qwest will issue
a jeopardy notice and a FOC with a new Due Date.
9.2.2.9.4.1 For an existing Unbundled Loop this Coordinated
Installation Without Cooperative Testing is a "lift and lay" procedure
without a dispatch that offers CLEC the ability to coordinate the
conversion activity. The Qwest Implementor advises CLEC when the "lift
and lay" procedure is complete.
9.2.2.9.4.2 For new Unbundled Loops, Qwest may dispatch a
technician to terminate the new circuit at the End User Customer
premises. The Field Technician will not remain on the premises to
perform the coordinated installation once the circuit is in place. The COT
completes the installation in the Central Office, and the COT and
Implementor/Tester complete the required performance tests to ensure
that the new circuit meets required parameter limits. CLEC will not
receive test results. When installation is complete, Qwest will notify
CLEC.
9.2.2.9.5 Basic Installation With Cooperative Testing. Basic Installation
With Cooperative Testing may be ordered for new or existing Unbundled Loops.
9.2.2.9.5.1 For an existing End User Customer, Basic
Installation With Cooperative Testing is a "lift and lay" procedure with
cooperative testing on the Due Date. The COT "lifts" the Loop from its
current termination and "lays" it on a new termination connecting to
CLEC. Upon completion of Qwest performance testing, the Qwest
Implementor/Tester will contact CLEC, read the Qwest test results, and
begin CLEC cooperative testing. Within two (2) business days, Qwest will
email the Qwest test results to a single, designated CLEC office email
address. CLEC and Qwest will perform a loop back acceptance test,
accept the Loop and exchange demarcation information.
9.2.2.9.5.2 For new End User Customer service, Basic
Installation With Cooperative Testing may require a dispatch to the End
User Customer premises. The COT and Field Technician complete
circuit wiring and perform the required performance tests to ensure the
new circuit meets the required parameter limits.
9.2.2.9.5.3 If Qwest fails to perform cooperative testing due to
Qwest's fault, Qwest will waive the nonrecurring charge for the installation
option. If CLEC still desires cooperative testing, the Parties will attempt to
set a new Appointment Time on the same day and, if unable to do so,
Qwest will issue a jeopardy notice and a FOC with a new Due Date.
9.2.2.9.6 Performance Testing. Qwest performs the following
performance tests for various Loop types:
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
161

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
a) 2-Wire and 4-Wire Analog Loops
No Opens, Grounds, Shorts, or Foreign Volts
Insertion Loss = 0 to -8.5 dB at 1004 Hz
Automatic Number Identification (ANI) when dial-tone is present
b) 2-Wire and 4-Wire Non-Loaded Loops
No Load Coils, Opens, Grounds, Shorts, or Foreign Volts
Insertion Loss = 0 to -8.5 dB at 1004 Hz
Automatic Number Identification (ANI) when dial-tone is present
c) Basic Rate ISDN and xDSL-I-Capable Loops
No Load Coils, Opens, Grounds, Shorts, or Foreign Volts
Insertion Loss =  40 dB at 40 kHz
Automatic Number Identification (ANI) when dial-tone is present
d) DS1-Capable Loops
No Load Coils, Opens, Grounds, Shorts, or Foreign Volts
e) DS3-Capable Loops
Continuity Testing
9.2.2.9.7 Project Coordinated Installation: A Project Coordinated
Installation permits CLEC to obtain a coordinated installation for Unbundled
Loops with or without LNP, where CLEC orders Unbundled DS1-capable,
Unbundled DS3-capable or twenty-five (25) or more DS0 Unbundled Loops.
9.2.2.9.7.1 The date and time for the Project Coordinated
Installation requires up-front planning and may need to be negotiated
between Qwest and CLEC. All requests will be processed on a first
come, first served basis and are subject to Qwest's ability to meet a
reasonable demand. Considerations such as system down time, Switch
upgrades, Switch maintenance, and the possibility of other CLECs
requesting the same Frame Due Time (FDT) in the same Switch (Switch
contention) must be reviewed. In the event that any of these situations
would occur, Qwest will negotiate with CLEC for an agreed upon FDT,
prior to issuing the Firm Order Confirmation (FOC). In special cases
where CLEC is ordering Unbundled Loop with LNP, the FDT must be
agreed upon, the interval to reach agreement will not exceed two (2) days
from receipt of an accurate LSR. In addition, standard intervals will apply.
9.2.2.9.7.2 CLEC shall request a Project Coordinated
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
162

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
Installation by submitting a Local Service Request (LSR) and designating
this order as a Project Coordinated Installation in the remarks section of
the LSR form.
9.2.2.9.7.3 CLEC will incur additional charges for the Project
Coordinated Installation dependent upon the coordinated time. The rates
are based upon whether the request is within Qwest's standard
installation hours or out of hours. Qwest standard installation hours for
Unbundled Loops are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (local time), Monday through
Friday, excluding holidays. Where LNP is included, see Section 10.2.5.4
for rate elements.
9.2.2.9.7.4 Qwest will schedule the appropriate number of
employees prior to the cut, normally not to exceed four (4) employees,
based upon information provided by CLEC. If the Project Coordinated
Installation includes LNP, CLEC will also have appropriate personnel
scheduled for the negotiated FDT. If CLEC's information is modified
during the installation, and, as a result, non-scheduled employees are
required, CLEC shall be charged a three (3) hour minimum callout charge
per each additional non-scheduled employee. If the installation is either
cancelled, or supplemented to change the Due Date, within twenty-four
(24) hours of the negotiated FDT, CLEC will be charged a one (1) Person
three (3) hour minimum charge. For Project Coordinated Installations
with LNP, if the Coordinated Installation is cancelled due to a Qwest error
or a new Due Date is requested by Qwest, within twenty-four (24) hours
of the negotiated FDT, Qwest may be charged by CLEC one (1) Person
three (3) hour minimum charge.
9.2.2.9.7.5 If CLEC orders Project Coordinated Installation with
LNP and in the event the LNP conversion is not successful, CLEC and
Qwest agree to isolate and fix the problem in a timeframe acceptable to
CLEC or the End User Customer. If the problem cannot be corrected
within an acceptable timeframe to CLEC or the End User Customer,
CLEC may request the restoral of Qwest service for the ported End User
Customer. Such restoration shall begin immediately upon request. If
CLEC is in error then a supplemental order shall be provided to Qwest. If
Qwest is in error, no supplemental order or additional order will be
required of CLEC.
9.2.2.9.7.6 If CLEC orders Project Coordinated Installation with
LNP, Qwest shall ensure that any LNP order activity requested in
conjunction with a Project Coordinated Installation shall be implemented
in a manner that avoids interrupting service to the End User Customer.
9.2.2.10 CLEC may request Qwest to Commingle DS1 or DS0 analog voice grade
unbundled Loops with DS3 or DS1 multiplexed facilities ordered by CLEC from Qwest's
special access or private line Tariffs. Terms and conditions for this Commingled
arrangement are provided in Section 9.25 of this Agreement.
9.2.2.11 In order to properly maintain and modernize the network, Qwest may
make necessary modifications and changes to Unbundled Loops, ancillary and Finished
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
163

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
Services in its network on an as needed basis. Such changes may result in minor
changes to transmission parameters. Changes that affect network Interoperability
require advance notice pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement.
9.2.2.12 If there is a conflict between an End User Customer (or its respective
agent) and CLEC regarding the disconnection or Provisioning of Unbundled Loops,
Qwest will advise the End User Customer to contact CLEC, and Qwest will initiate
contact with CLEC.
9.2.2.13 Facilities and lines Qwest furnishes on the premises of CLEC's End User
Customer up to and including the Loop Demarcation Point are the property of Qwest.
Qwest shall have reasonable access to all such facilities for network management
purposes. Qwest will coordinate entry dates and times with appropriate CLEC personnel
to accommodate testing, inspection repair and maintenance of such facilities and lines.
CLEC will not inhibit Qwest's employees and agents from entering said premises to test,
inspect, repair and maintain such facilities and lines in connection with such purposes or,
upon termination or cancellation of the Unbundled Loop service, to remove such facilities
and lines. Such entry is restricted to testing, inspection, repair and maintenance of
Qwest's property in that facility. Entry for any other purpose is subject to audit provisions
in the Audit section of this Agreement.
9.2.2.14 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.2.15 Reuse of Loop Facilities
9.2.2.15.1 When an End User Customer contacts Qwest with a request to
convert their local service from CLEC to Qwest, Qwest will notify CLEC of the
loss of the End User Customer, and will disconnect the Loop Qwest provided to
CLEC. Qwest will disconnect the Loop only where Qwest has obtained proper
Proof of Authorization.
9.2.2.15.2 When CLEC contacts Qwest with a request to convert an End
User Customer from their Current Service Provider to CLEC, CLEC is
responsible for notifying the Current Service Provider of the conversion. Qwest
will disconnect the Loop Qwest provided the Current Service Provider and, at
CLEC's request, where technically compatible, will reuse the Loop for the service
requested by CLEC (e.g., resale service).
9.2.2.15.3 When CLEC contacts Qwest with a request to convert an End
User Customer from Qwest to CLEC, at CLEC request, Qwest will reuse the
existing Loop facilities for the service requested by CLEC to the extent those
facilities are technically compatible with the service to be provided. Upon CLEC
request, Qwest will condition the existing Loop in accordance with the rates set
forth in Exhibit A.
9.2.2.15.4 Upon completion of the disconnection of the Loop, Qwest will
send a Loss Notification report to the original competitive Carrier signifying
completion of the loss.
9.2.2.16 Lack of Facilities; Priority Right to Facilities. In the event Qwest notifies
CLEC that facilities ordered are not available from Qwest at the time of the order, Qwest
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
164

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
shall maintain the order as pending for a period of thirty (30) business days. If facilities
become available to fill the order within that thirty (30) business day period, Qwest shall
notify CLEC of such availability. CLEC and Qwest acknowledge that the availability of
facilities hereunder is on a first come, first served basis. Any facility orders placed by
any other provider, including Qwest, which predate CLEC's order shall have priority for
any facilities made available under the terms of this section.
9.2.3 Rate Elements
The following recurring and nonrecurring rates for Unbundled Loops are set forth in Exhibit A.
Recurring charges vary based on CLEC selected installation options, conditioning, and
extension technology. Exhibit A also provides Miscellaneous Charges.
9.2.3.1 2/4 Wire Analog Loop (Voice Grade) Recurring and Nonrecurring rates.
9.2.3.2 2/4 Wire Non-Loaded Loop Recurring and Nonrecurring rates.
9.2.3.3 DS1 and DS3-Capable Loop, Basic Rate (BRI) ISDN and xDSL-I-Capable
Loop Recurring and Nonrecurring rates.
9.2.3.3.1 DS0, DS1, and DS3-Capable Loop Conversion. Nonrecurring
rates associated with the conversion of special access or private lines to
Unbundled Loops.
9.2.3.4 Extension Technology Recurring and Nonrecurring rates for Digital
Capable Loops, including Basic Rate (BRI) ISDN and xDSL-I Capable Loops.
9.2.3.5 Conditioning Nonrecurring rates for 2/4 wire non-loaded Loops, Basic
Rate (BRI) ISDN and xDSL-I Capable Loop, as requested and approved by CLEC.
9.2.3.6 All miscellaneous services as described in Section 9.1.12 are available
with Unbundled Loops. Miscellaneous Charges apply for miscellaneous services.
9.2.3.7 Miscellaneous Charges for Out of Hours Coordinated Installations.
9.2.3.7.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.3.7.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.3.7.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.3.7.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.3.7.5 For coordinated installations scheduled to commence Out of
Hours, or rescheduled by CLEC to commence Out of Hours, CLEC will incur
additional labor – installation Miscellaneous Charges in addition to regular
nonrecurring charges for the installation.
9.2.3.8 Conversions of private line/special access circuits to Unbundled Loops.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
165

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.2.4 Ordering Process
9.2.4.1 Unbundled Loops are ordered via an LSR. Ordering processes are
contained in the Operational Support Systems Section of this Agreement. Detailed
ordering processes are found on the Qwest wholesale web site.
9.2.4.2 Prior to placing orders on behalf of the End User Customer, CLEC shall
be responsible for obtaining and have in its possession a Proof of Authorization.
9.2.4.3 Based on the pre-order Loop make-up, CLEC can determine if the circuit
can meet the technical parameters for the specific service CLEC intends to offer.
9.2.4.3.1 Before submitting an order for a 2/4 wire non-loaded Loop, ISDN
capable Loop or xDSL-I capable Loop, CLEC should use one of Qwest's Loop
make-up tools available via IMA-EDI, IMA-GUI, or the web-based application
interface to obtain specific information about the Loop CLEC seeks to order.
9.2.4.3.1.1 Based on the Loop make up information provided
through Qwest tools, CLEC must determine whether conditioning is
required to provide the xDSL service it intends to offer. If Loop
conditioning is required, CLEC may authorize Qwest to perform such
Loop conditioning on its LSR. If CLEC does not pre-approve Loop
conditioning, Qwest will assume that CLEC has determined that Loop
conditioning is not necessary to provide the xDSL service CLEC seeks to
offer. If CLEC or Qwest determines that conditioning is necessary, and
CLEC authorizes Qwest to perform the conditioning, Qwest will perform
the conditioning. CLEC will be charged for the conditioning in accordance
with the rates in Exhibit A. If Qwest determines that conditioning is
necessary and CLEC has not previously authorized Qwest to perform the
conditioning on the LSR, Qwest will send CLEC a rejection notice
indicating the need to obtain approval for conditioning. CLEC must
submit a revised LSR before the conditioning work will commence. Once
Qwest receives the revised LSR, the fifteen (15) business day
conditioning interval will begin as described in Section 9.2.4.9.
9.2.4.3.1.2 For a 2/4 wire non-loaded Loop, ISDN-capable
Loop, and xDSL-I-capable Loop, or DS1-capable Loop, Qwest will return
a Firm Order Confirmation (FOC) to CLEC within seventy-two (72) hours
from receipt of a valid and accurate LSR. Return of such FOC will
indicate that Qwest has identified a Loop assignment. Such FOC will
provide CLEC with a firm Due Date commitment or indication that
appropriate facilities are not available to fill CLEC's order.
9.2.4.3.1.2.1 If CLEC has pre-approved Loop
conditioning, and conditioning is not necessary, Qwest will return
the FOC with the standard interval (i.e., five (5) days).
9.2.4.3.1.2.2 If CLEC has not pre-approved Loop
conditioning and Qwest determines that the Loop contains load
coils, Qwest will notify CLEC via a reject notification. CLEC must
submit a new version of the LSR approving Loop conditioning. In
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
166

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
this scenario, the Application Date will correspond to the date the
new version is received by Qwest.
9.2.4.3.1.2.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.4.3.1.2.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.4.4 Installation intervals for all Unbundled Loops are defined in Exhibit C.
The interval will start when Qwest receives a complete and accurate LSR. The LSR
date is considered the start of the service interval if the order is received prior to 7:00
p.m. For service requests received after 7:00 p.m., the service interval will begin on the
next business day.
9.2.4.4.1 When CLEC places an order for an Unbundled Loop with Qwest
that is complete and accurate, Qwest will reply to CLEC with a Firm Order
Confirmation within the time specified in Section 20. The Firm Order
Confirmation will contain the Due Date that specifies the date on which Qwest
will provision the Loop. Qwest will implement adequate processes and
procedures to assure the accuracy of the commitment date. If Qwest must make
changes to the commitment date, Qwest will promptly issue a jeopardy
notification to CLEC that will clearly state the reason for the change in
commitment date. Qwest will also submit a new Firm Order Confirmation that will
clearly identify the new Due Date.
9.2.4.5 Installation intervals for Unbundled Loops apply when Qwest has facilities
or network capacity available.
9.2.4.6 Upon CLEC request, Qwest will convert special access or private line
circuits to Unbundled Loops provided the service originates at CLEC's Collocation in the
Serving Wire Center. The Loop conversion ordering process applies.
9.2.4.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.4.8 When ordering Unbundled Loops, CLEC is responsible for obtaining or
providing facilities and equipment that are compatible with the service CLEC seeks to
provide.
9.2.4.9 The installation interval for xDSL Loops depends on the need to condition
the Loop.
9.2.4.9.1 When load coils and Bridged Taps do not exist, CLEC may
request the standard Due Date interval, which will apply upon submission of a
complete and accurate LSR.
9.2.4.9.2 When load coils and/or Bridged Taps do exist, CLEC will
request the minimum fifteen (15) business days Desired Due Date. CLEC can
determine the existence of load coils or Bridged Taps by using one of the Loop
make-up tools. CLEC may pre-approve line conditioning on the LSR and, by
doing so, CLEC agrees to pay any applicable conditioning charges. If CLEC did
not request the fifteen (15) day interval and Qwest determines that conditioning is
required, then the fifteen (15) business day interval starts when the need for
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
167

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
conditioning is identified and CLEC approves the conditioning charges.
9.2.4.10 Out of Hours Coordinated Installations
9.2.4.10.1 For purposes of this Section, Qwest's standard installation hours
are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (local time), Monday through Friday, excluding
holidays. CLEC may request an out of hours Coordinated Installation outside of
Qwest's standard installation hours. Installations requested outside of standard
installation hours are considered to be out of hours Installations.
9.2.4.10.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.4.10.3 To request out of hours Coordinated Installations, CLEC will
submit an LSR designating the desired appointment time. CLEC must specify an
out of hours Coordinated Installation in the "remarks" section of the LSR.
9.2.4.10.4 The date and time for out of hours Coordinated Installations may
need to be negotiated between Qwest and CLEC because of system downtime,
Switch upgrades, Switch maintenance, and the possibility of other CLECs
requesting the same appointment times in the same Switch (Switch contention).
9.2.5 Maintenance and Repair
9.2.5.1 CLEC is responsible for its own End User Customer base and will have
the responsibility for resolution of any service trouble report(s) from its End User
Customers. CLEC will perform trouble isolation on the Unbundled Loop and any
associated ancillary services prior to reporting trouble to Qwest. CLEC shall have
access for testing purposes at the NID or Loop Demarcation Point. Qwest will work
cooperatively with CLEC to resolve trouble reports when the trouble condition has been
isolated and found to be within a portion of Qwest's network. Qwest and CLEC will
report trouble isolation test results to the other. For Unbundled Loops, each Party shall
be responsible for the costs of performing trouble isolation on its facilities, subject to
Sections 9.2.5.2 and 9.2.5.3.
9.2.5.2 When CLEC requests that Qwest perform trouble isolation with CLEC, a
Maintenance of Service charge applies if the trouble is found to be on CLEC's side or on
the End User Customer's side of the Loop Demarcation Point. If the trouble is on the
End User Customer's side of the Loop Demarcation Point, CLEC is required to perform
its own maintenance.
9.2.5.3 Before submitting a repair request to Qwest, CLEC will isolate trouble to
the Qwest network and must submit test results indicating the location of the trouble
when submitting the repair request. If a trouble ticket with test results is accepted by
Qwest, and Qwest determines that the trouble is on CLEC’s or the End User Customer's
side of the Loop Demarcation Point, a Maintenance of Service charge applies. If CLEC
elects not to perform trouble isolation and Qwest performs tests on the Unbundled Loop
at CLEC's request, a Maintenance of Service charge applies. Maintenance and Repair
processes are set forth in Section 12.3 of this Agreement.
9.2.5.4 Qwest will maintain detailed records of trouble reports of CLEC-ordered
Unbundled Loops, comparing CLEC provided data with internal data, and evaluate such
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
168

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
reports on at a minimum of a quarterly basis to determine the cause of Loop problems.
Qwest will conduct a quarterly root cause analysis of problems associated with Loops
provided to CLEC by Qwest. Based on this analysis, Qwest will take corrective measure
to fix persistent and recurrent problems, reporting to CLEC on the analysis and the
process changes that are instituted implemented to fix the problems.
9.2.5.5 Qwest shall allow access to the NID for testing purposes where access at
the Demarcation Point is not adequate to allow testing sufficient to isolate troubles; in the
event that Qwest chooses not to allow such access, it shall waive any trouble isolation
charges that may otherwise be applicable.
9.2.6 Spectrum Management
9.2.6.1 Qwest will provide 2/4 Wire non-loaded Loops, ISDN-capable Loops,
xDSL-I-capable Loops, DS1-capable Loops, and DS3-capable Loops (collectively
referred to in this Section 9.2.6 as "xDSL Loops") in a non-discriminatory manner to
permit CLEC to provide Advanced Services to its End User Customers. Such Loops are
defined herein and are in compliance with FCC requirements and guidelines
recommended by the Network Reliability and Interoperability Council (NRIC) to the FCC,
such as guidelines set forth in T1-417.
9.2.6.2 When ordering xDSL Loops, CLEC will provide Qwest with appropriate
information using NC/NCI codes to describe the Power Spectral Density Mask (PSD) for
the type of technology CLEC will deploy. CLEC also agrees to notify Qwest of any
change in Advanced Services technology that results in a change in spectrum
management class on the xDSL Loop. Qwest agrees CLEC need not provide the speed
or power at which the newly deployed or changed technology will operate if the
technology fits within a generic PSD mask.
9.2.6.2.1 CLEC information provided to Qwest pursuant to Section 9.2.6.2
shall be deemed Confidential Information and Qwest may not distribute, disclose
or reveal, in any form, this material other than as allowed and described in
subsections of 9.2.6.2.
9.2.6.2.2 The Parties may disclose, on a need to know basis only, CLEC
Confidential Information provided pursuant to Section 9.2.6.2, to legal personnel,
if a legal issue arises, as well as to network and growth planning personnel
responsible for spectrum management functions. In no case shall the
aforementioned personnel who have access to such Confidential Information be
involved in Qwest's retail marketing, sales or strategic planning.
9.2.6.3 If CLEC wishes to deploy new technology not yet designated with a PSD
mask, Qwest and CLEC agree to work cooperatively to determine Spectrum
Compatibility. Qwest and CLEC agree, as defined by the FCC, that technology is
presumed acceptable for deployment when it complies with existing industry standards,
is approved by a standards body or by the FCC or Commission, of if technology has
been deployed elsewhere without a "significant degradation of service".
9.2.6.4 Qwest recognizes that the analog T1 service traditionally used within its
network is a "known Disturber" as designated by the FCC. Qwest will place such T1s,
by whomever employed, within binder groups in a manner that minimizes interference.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
169

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
Where such placement is insufficient to eliminate interference that disrupts other
services being provided, Qwest shall, whenever it is Technically Feasible, replace its
T1s with a technology that will eliminate undue interference problems. Qwest also
agrees that any future "known Disturber" defined by the FCC or the Commission will be
managed as required by FCC rules.
9.2.6.5 If either Qwest or CLEC claims a service is significantly degrading the
performance of other Advanced Services or traditional voice band services, then that
Party must notify the causing Carrier and allow the causing Carrier a reasonable
opportunity to correct the problem. Upon notification, the causing Carrier shall promptly
take action to bring its facilities/technology into compliance with industry standards.
Upon request, within forty-eight (48) hours, Qwest will provide CLEC with binder group
information including cable, pair, Carrier and PSD class to allow CLEC to notify the
causing Carrier.
9.2.6.6 If CLEC is unable to isolate trouble to a specific pair within the binder
group, Qwest, upon receipt of a trouble resolution request, will perform a main frame pair
by pair analysis and provide results to CLEC within five (5) business days.
9.2.6.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.2.6.8 Qwest will not have the authority to unilaterally resolve any dispute over
spectral interference among Carriers. Qwest shall not disconnect Carrier services to
resolve a spectral interference dispute, except when voluntarily undertaken by the
interfering Carrier or Qwest is ordered to do so by the Commission or other authorized
dispute resolution body. CLEC may submit any claims for resolution under Section 5.18
of this Agreement.
9.2.6.9 Where CLEC demonstrates to Qwest that it has deployed Central Office
based DSL services serving a reasonably defined area, it shall be entitled to require
Qwest to take appropriate measures to mitigate the demonstrable adverse effects on
such service that arise from Qwest's use of repeaters or remotely deployed DSL service
in that area. It shall be presumed that the costs of such mitigation will not be chargeable
to any CLEC or to any other Customer; however, Qwest shall have the right to rebut this
presumption, which it may do by demonstrating to the Commission by a preponderance
of the evidence that the incremental costs of mitigation would be sufficient to cause a
substantial effect upon other Customers (including but not limited to CLECs securing
UNEs) if charged to them. Upon such a showing, the Commission may determine how
to apportion responsibility for those costs, including, but not limited to CLECs taking
services under this Agreement.
9.2.7 Private line/special access circuits may be converted to Unbundled Loops
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the following criteria: 1) must
be like-for-like facilities, e.g., DS1 private line to DS1 capable Unbundled Loop; 2) must
originate at CLEC's Collocation site in the serving Central Office; and 3) must terminate at an
End User Customer's premises. The provisioning intervals for converting from private
line/special access to Unbundled Loop are located in the Service Interval Guide (SIG).
Additional information can be found in the Product Catalog for Unbundled Loop.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
170

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.3 Subloop Unbundling
9.3.1 Description
9.3.1.1 An Unbundled Subloop is defined as the distribution portion of a copper
Loop or hybrid Loop comprised entirely of copper wire or copper cable that acts as a
transmission facility between any point that it is Technically Feasible to access at
terminals in Qwest's outside plant (originating outside of the Central Office), including
inside wire owned or controlled by Qwest, and terminates at the End User Customer's
premises. An accessible terminal is any point on the Loop where technicians can
access the wire within the cable without removing a splice case to reach the wire within.
Such points may include, but are not limited to, the pole, pedestal, Network Interface
Device, minimum point of entry, single point of Interconnection, Remote Terminal,
Feeder Distribution Interface (FDI), or Serving Area Interface (SAI). CLEC shall not
have access on an unbundled basis to a feeder Subloop defined as facilities extending
from the Central Office to a terminal that is not at the End User Customer's premises or
multiple tenant environment (MTE). CLEC shall have access to the feeder facilities only
to the extent it is part of a complete transmission path, not a Subloop, between the
Central Office and the End User Customer's premises or MTE. This section does not
address Unbundled Dark Fiber MTE Subloop which is addressed in Section 9.7.
9.3.1.1.1 Building terminals within or physically attached to a privately
owned building in a Multiple Tenant Environment (MTE) are one form of
accessible terminal. Throughout Section 9.3 the Parties obligations around such
"MTE Terminals" are segregated because Subloop terms and conditions differ
between MTE environments and non-MTE environments.
9.3.1.1.2 For any configuration not specifically addressed in this
Agreement, the conditions of CLEC access shall be as required by the particular
circumstances. These conditions include: (1) the degree of equipment
separation required, (2) the need for separate cross connect devices, (3) the
interval applicable to any Collocation or other provisioning requiring Qwest
performance or cooperation, (4) the security required to maintain the safety and
reliability of the facilities of Qwest and other CLECs, (5) the engineering and
operations standards and practices to be applied at Qwest facilities where they
are also used by CLECs for Subloop element access, and (6) any other
requirements, standards, or practices necessary to assure the safe and reliable
operation of all Carriers' facilities.
9.3.1.1.3 Any Party may request, under any procedure provided for by
this Agreement for addressing non-standard services or network conditions, the
development of standard terms and conditions for any configuration(s) for which
it can provide reasonably clear technical and operational characteristics and
parameters. Once developed through such a process, those terms and
conditions shall be generally available to any CLEC for any configuration fitting
the requirements established through such process.
9.3.1.1.4 Prior to the development of such standard terms and conditions,
Qwest shall impose in the six (6) areas identified in Section 9.3.1.1.2 above, only
those requirements or intervals that are reasonably necessary, and shall make its
determinations within ten (10) business days and shall apprise CLEC of the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
171

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
conditions for access. If there is a dispute regarding the conditions for access,
Qwest shall attempt to accommodate access pending resolution of the specific
issues in dispute.
9.3.1.1.4.1 MTE Terminals: Accessible terminals within a
building in a MTE environment or accessible terminals physically attached
to a building in a MTE environment. Qwest Premises located on real
property that constitutes a campus environment, yet are not within or
physically attached to a non-Qwest owned building, are not considered
MTE Terminals.
9.3.1.1.4.2 Detached Terminals: All accessible terminals other
than MTE Terminals.
9.3.1.1.5 CLEC shall not place orders for Unbundled Subloops in the
Forbearance Wire Centers.
9.3.1.2 Standard Subloops available.
a) Two-Wire/Four Wire Unbundled Distribution Loop
b) Intentionally Left Blank
c) Two-Wire/Four Wire Non-loaded Distribution Loop
d) Intrabuilding Cable Loop
9.3.1.3 Standard Subloop Access
9.3.1.3.1 Accessing Subloops in Detached Terminals: Subloop
unbundling is available after a CLEC-requested Field Connection Point (FCP)
has been installed within or adjacent to the Qwest accessible terminal. The FCP
is a Demarcation Point connected to a terminal block from which Cross
Connections are run to Qwest Subloop elements.
9.3.1.3.2 Accessing Subloops in MTE Terminals: Subloop unbundling is
available after CLEC has notified Qwest of its intention to Subloop unbundle in
the MTE, during or after an inventory of CLEC's terminations has been created,
and CLEC has constructed a cross connect field at the building terminal.
9.3.1.4 Field Connection Point
9.3.1.4.1 Field Connection Point (FCP) is a Demarcation Point that allows
CLEC to interconnect with Qwest outside of the Central Office location where it is
Technically Feasible. The FCP interconnects CLEC facilities to a terminal block
within the accessible terminal. The terminal block allows a technician to access
and combine Unbundled Subloop elements. When a FCP is required, it must be
in place before Subloop orders are processed.
9.3.1.4.2 Placement of a FCP within a Qwest Premises for the sole
purpose of creating a cross connect field to support Subloop unbundling
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
172

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
constitutes a "Cross Connect Collocation."
9.3.1.4.2.1 The terms, conditions, intervals and rates for Cross
Connect Collocation are found within Section 9.3.
9.3.1.4.2.2 To the extent that CLEC places equipment in a
Qwest Premises that requires power and or heat dissipation, such
Collocation is governed by the terms of Section 8 and does not constitute
a Cross Connect Collocation.
9.3.1.4.3 A FCP arrangement can be established either within a Qwest
accessible terminal, or, if space within the accessible terminal is legitimately
exhausted and when Technically Feasible, CLEC may place the FCP in an
adjacent terminal. CLEC will have access to the equipment placed within the
Collocation for maintenance purposes. However, CLEC will not have access to
the FCP Interconnection point.
9.3.1.5 MTE Point of Interconnection (MTE-POI)
9.3.1.5.1 A MTE-POI is necessary when CLEC is obtaining access to the
Distribution Loop or Intrabuilding Cable Loop from an MTE Terminal. CLEC must
create the cross connect field at the building terminal that will allow CLEC to
connect its facilities to Qwest's Subloops. The Demarcation Point between
CLEC and Qwest's facilities is the MTE-POI.
9.3.1.6 Once a state has determined that it is Technically Feasible to unbundle
Subloops at a designated accessible terminal, Qwest shall either agree to unbundle at
such access point or shall have the burden to demonstrate, pursuant to the Dispute
Resolution provisions of this Agreement, that it is not Technically Feasible, or that
sufficient space is not available to unbundle Subloop elements at such accessible
terminal.
9.3.1.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.3.2 Standard Subloops Available
9.3.2.1 Distribution Loops
9.3.2.1.1 Two-Wire/Four-Wire Unbundled Distribution Loop: a Qwest-
provided facility from the Qwest accessible terminal to the Demarcation Point or
Network Interface Device (NID) at the End User Customer location. The Two-
Wire/Four-Wire Unbundled Distribution Loop is suitable for local exchange-type
services. CLEC can obtain access to this Unbundled Network Element at any
Technically Feasible accessible terminal.
9.3.2.1.2 Two-Wire/Four-Wire Non-Loaded Distribution Loop: a Qwest-
provided facility without load coils and excess Bridged Taps from the Qwest
accessible terminal to the Demarcation Point or Network Interface Device (NID)
at the End User Customer location. When CLEC requests a Non-Loaded
Unbundled Distribution Loop and there are none available, Qwest will contact
CLEC to determine if CLEC wishes to have Qwest unload a Loop. If the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
173

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
response is affirmative, Qwest will dispatch a technician to "condition" the
Distribution Loop by removing load coils and excess Bridged Taps (i.e., "unload"
the Loop). CLEC may be charged the cable unloading and Bridged Taps
removal nonrecurring charge in addition to the Unbundled Loop installation
nonrecurring charge. If a Qwest technician is dispatched and no load coils or
Bridged Taps are removed, the nonrecurring conditioning charge will not apply.
CLEC can obtain access to this Unbundled Network Element at any Technically
Feasible accessible terminal.
9.3.2.1.3 Intrabuilding Cable Loop: a Qwest-provided facility from the
building terminal inside a MTE to the Demarcation Point at the End User
Customer premises inside the same building. This Subloop element only applies
when Qwest owns the intrabuilding cable.
9.3.2.1.4 To the extent CLEC accesses a Subloop in a campus
environment from an accessible terminal that serves multiple buildings, CLEC
can access the Subloop by ordering a Distribution Loop pursuant to either
Section 9.3.2.1.1 or 9.3.2.1.2. A campus environment is one piece of property,
owned by one (1) Person or entity, on which there are multiple buildings.
9.3.2.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.3.2.2.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.3.3 MTE Terminal Subloop Access: Terms and Conditions
9.3.3.1 Access to Distribution Loops or Intrabuilding Cable Loops at an MTE
Terminal within a non-Qwest owned MTE is done through an MTE-POI. Collocation is
not required to access Subloops used to access the network infrastructure within an
MTE, unless CLEC requires the placement of equipment in a Qwest Premises. Cross
Connect Collocation, as defined in Section 9.3, refers to creation of a cross connect field
and does not constitute Collocation as defined in Section 8. The terms and conditions of
Section 8 do not apply to Cross Connect Collocation if required at or near an MTE.
9.3.3.2 To obtain such access, CLEC shall complete the "MTE-Access Ordering
Process" set forth in Section 9.3.5.4.
9.3.3.3 The optimum point and method to access Subloop elements will be
determined during the MTE Access Ordering Process. The Parties recognize a mutual
obligation to interconnect in a manner that maintains network integrity, reliability, and
security. CLEC may access the MTE Terminal as a test access point.
9.3.3.4 CLEC will work with the MTE building owner to determine where to
terminate its facilities within the MTE. CLEC will be responsible for all work associated
with bringing its facilities into and terminating the facilities in the MTE. CLEC shall seek
to work with the building owner to create space for such terminations without requiring
Qwest to rearrange its facilities.
9.3.3.5 If there is space in the building for CLEC to enter the building and
terminate its facilities without Qwest having to rearrange its facilities, CLEC must seek to
use such space. In such circumstances, an inventory of CLEC's terminations within the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
174

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
MTE shall be input into Qwest's systems to support Subloop orders before Subloop
orders are provisioned or in conjunction with the first Subloop order in the MTE. If CLEC
requires immediate access to the Subloop, then CLEC may access the Subloop element
prior to the completion of the inventory per Section 9.3.5.4.7. Qwest shall have five (5)
Days from receipt of a written request from CLEC, in addition to the interval set forth in
Section 9.3.5.4.1, to input the inventory of CLEC's terminations into its systems. Qwest
may seek an extended interval if the work cannot reasonably be completed within the
stated interval. In such cases, Qwest shall provide written notification to CLEC of the
extended interval Qwest believes is necessary to complete the work. CLEC may dispute
the need for, and the duration of, an extended interval, in which case Qwest must
request a waiver from the Commission to obtain the extended interval. If CLEC submits
a Subloop order before Qwest inputs the inventory into its systems, Qwest shall process
the order in accordance with Section 9.3.5.4.1.
9.3.3.6 If CLEC connects Qwest's Subloop element to CLEC's facilities using any
temporary wiring or cut-over devices, CLEC shall remove any remaining temporary
wiring or cut-over devices and install permanent wiring within ninety (90) Days. All
wiring arrangements, temporary and permanent, must adhere to the National Electric
Code.
9.3.3.7 If there is no space for CLEC to place its building terminal or no
accessible terminal from which CLEC can access such Subloop elements, and Qwest
and CLEC are unable to negotiate a reconfigured Single Point of Interconnection (SPOI)
to serve the MTE, Qwest will either rearrange facilities to make room for CLEC or
construct a single point of access that is fully accessible to and suitable for CLEC.
Qwest's obligation to construct a SPOI is limited to those MTEs where Qwest has
distribution facilities to that MTE and owns, controls, or leases the inside wire at the
MTE. In addition, Qwest shall have an obligation only when CLEC indicates that it
intends to place an order for access to an unbundled Subloop Network Element via a
SPOI. In such instances, CLEC shall pay the applicable charge, identified in Exhibit A,
which shall be ICB, based on the scope of the work required.
9.3.3.7.1 If Qwest must rearrange its MTE Terminal to make space for
CLEC, Qwest shall have forty-five (45) Days from receipt of a written request
from CLEC to complete the rearrangement. Qwest may seek an extended
interval if the work cannot reasonably be completed within forty-five (45) Days.
In such cases, Qwest shall provide written notification to CLEC of the extended
interval Qwest believes is necessary to complete the work. CLEC may dispute
the need for, and the duration of, an extended interval, in which case Qwest must
request a waiver from the Commission to obtain an extended interval.
9.3.3.7.2 If Qwest must construct a new detached terminal that is fully
accessible to and suitable for CLEC, the interval for completion shall be
negotiated between the Parties on an Individual Case Basis.
9.3.3.7.3 CLEC may cancel a request to construct an FCP or SPOI prior
to Qwest completing the work by submitting a written notification via certified mail
to its Qwest account manager. CLEC shall be responsible for payment of all
costs previously incurred by Qwest as well as any costs necessary to restore the
property to its original condition.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
175

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.3.3.8 At no time shall either Party rearrange the other Party's facilities within the
MTE or otherwise tamper with or damage the other Party's facilities within the MTE.
This does not preclude normal rearrangement of wiring or jumpers necessary to connect
inside wire or intrabuilding cable to CLEC facilities in the manner described in the MTE
Access Protocol. If such damage accidentally occurs, the Party responsible for the
damage shall immediately notify the other and shall be financially responsible for
restoring the facilities and/or service to its original condition. Any intentional damage
may be reported to the proper authorities and may be prosecuted to the full extent of the
law.
9.3.4 Detached Terminal Subloop Access: Terms and Conditions
9.3.4.1 Except as to access at an MTE Terminal, access to unbundled Subloop
elements at an accessible terminal must be made through a Field Connection Point
(FCP) in conjunction with either a Cross Connect Collocation or, if power and/or heat
dissipation is required, a Remote Collocation.
9.3.4.2 To the extent that the accessible terminal does not have adequate
capacity to house the network interface associated with the FCP, CLEC may opt to use
Adjacent Collocation to the extent it is Technically Feasible. Such adjacent access shall
comport with NEBS Level 1 safety standards.
9.3.4.3 Field Connection Point
9.3.4.3.1 Qwest is not required to build additional space for CLEC to
access Subloop elements. When Technically Feasible, Qwest shall allow CLEC
to construct its own structure adjacent to Qwest's accessible terminal. CLEC
shall obtain any necessary authorizations or rights of way required (which may
include obtaining access to Qwest rights of way, pursuant to Section 10.8 of this
Agreement) and shall coordinate its facility placement with Qwest, when placing
its facilities adjacent to Qwest facilities. Obstacles that CLEC may encounter
from cities, counties, electric power companies, property owners and similar third
parties, when it seeks to interconnect its equipment at Subloop access points,
will be the responsibility of CLEC to resolve with the municipality, utility, property
owner or other third party.
9.3.4.3.2 The optimum point and method to access Subloop elements will
be determined during the Field Connection Point process. The Parties recognize
a mutual obligation to interconnect in a manner that maintains network integrity,
reliability, and security.
9.3.4.3.3 CLEC must identify the size and type of cable that will be
terminated in the Qwest FCP location. Qwest will terminate the cable in the
Qwest accessible terminal if termination capacity is available. If termination
capacity is not available, Qwest will expand the FDI at the request of CLEC if
Technically Feasible, all reconfiguration costs to be borne by CLEC. In this
situation only, Qwest shall seek to obtain any necessary authorizations or rights
of way required to expand the terminal. It will be the responsibility of Qwest to
seek to resolve obstacles that Qwest may encounter from cities, counties,
electric power companies, property owners and similar third parties. The time it
takes for Qwest to obtain such authorizations or rights of way shall be excluded
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
176

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
from the time Qwest is expected to provision the Collocation. CLEC will be
responsible for placing the cable from the Qwest FCP to its equipment. Qwest
will perform all of the initial splicing at the FCP.
9.3.4.3.4 CLEC may cancel a Collocation associated with a FCP request
prior to Qwest completing the work by submitting a written notification via
certified mail to its Qwest account manager. CLEC shall be responsible for
payment of all costs previously incurred by Qwest.
9.3.4.3.5 If the Parties are unable to reach an agreement on the design of
the FCP through the Field Connection Point Process, the Parties may utilize the
Dispute Resolution process pursuant to the Dispute Resolution Section of this
Agreement. Alternatively, CLEC may seek arbitration under Section 252 of the
Act with the Commission, wherein Qwest shall have the burden to demonstrate
that there is insufficient space in the accessible terminal to accommodate the
FCP, or that the requested Interconnection is not Technically Feasible.
9.3.4.4 At no time shall either Party rearrange the other Party's facilities within the
accessible terminal or otherwise tamper with or damage the other Party's facilities. If
such damage accidentally occurs, the Party responsible for the damage shall
immediately notify the other and shall be financially responsible for restoring the facilities
and/or service to its original condition. Any intentional damage may be reported to the
proper authorities and may be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
9.3.5 Ordering/Provisioning
9.3.5.1 All Subloop Types
9.3.5.1.1 CLEC may order Subloop elements through the Operational
Support Systems described in Section 12.
9.3.5.1.2 CLEC shall identify Subloop elements by NC/NCI codes. This
information shall be kept confidential and used solely for spectrum management
purposes.
9.3.5.2 Additional Terms for Detached Terminal Subloop Access
9.3.5.2.1 CLEC may only submit orders for Subloop elements after the
FCP is in place. The FCP shall be ordered pursuant to Section 9.3.5.5. CLEC
will populate the LSR with the termination information provided at the completion
of the FCP process.
9.3.5.2.2 Qwest shall dispatch a technician to run a jumper between its
Subloop elements and CLEC's Subloop elements. CLEC shall not at any time
disconnect Qwest facilities or attempt to run a jumper between its Subloop
elements and Qwest's Subloop elements without specific written authorization
from Qwest.
9.3.5.2.3 Once the FCP is in place, the Subloop Provisioning intervals
contained in Exhibit C shall apply.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
177

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.3.5.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.3.5.4 Additional Terms for MTE Terminal Subloop Access - MTE-Access
Ordering Process
9.3.5.4.1 CLEC shall notify its account manager at Qwest in writing,
including via email, of its intention to provide access to End User Customers that
reside within a MTE. Upon receipt of such request, Qwest shall have up to ten
(10) Days to notify CLEC and the MTE owner whether Qwest believes it or the
MTE owner owns the intrabuilding cable. In the event that there has been a
previous determination of on-premises wiring ownership at the same MTE, Qwest
shall provide such notification within two (2) business days. In the event that
CLEC provides Qwest with a written claim by an authorized representative of the
MTE owner that such owner owns the facilities on the End User Customer side of
the terminal, the preceding ten (10) Day period shall be reduced to five (5) Days
from Qwest's receipt of such claim.
9.3.5.4.2 If the MTE owner owns the facilities on the Customer side of the
terminal, CLEC may obtain access to all facilities in the building in accordance
with Section 9.5 concerning access to unbundled NIDs.
9.3.5.4.3 If Qwest owns the facilities on the Customer side of the terminal
and if CLEC requests space to enter the building and terminate its facilities and
Qwest must rearrange facilities or construct new facilities to accommodate such
access, CLEC shall notify Qwest. Upon receipt of such notification, the intervals
set forth in Section 9.3.3 shall begin.
9.3.5.4.4 CLEC may only submit orders for Subloop elements after the
facilities are rearranged and/or a new facility constructed, if either are necessary.
CLEC will populate the LSR with the termination information provided by CLEC
at the completion of the inventory process except when submitting LSRs during
the creation of the inventory.
9.3.5.4.5 If CLEC orders Intrabuilding Cable Loop, CLEC shall dispatch a
technician to run a jumper between its Subloop elements and Qwest's Subloop
elements to make a connection at the MTE-POI in accordance with the MTE
Access Protocol. If CLEC ordered a Subloop type other than Intrabuilding Cable
Loop, Qwest will dispatch a technician to run a jumper between CLECs Subloop
elements and Qwest's Subloop elements to make a connection at the MTE-POI.
CLEC, at its option, may request that Qwest run the jumper for intrabuilding cable
in MTEs when the inventory is done and a complete LSR has been submitted.
9.3.5.4.5.1 When CLEC accesses a MTE Terminal, it shall
employ generally accepted best engineering practices in accordance with
industry standards. CLEC shall clearly label the cross connect wires it
uses. CLEC wiring will be neatly dressed. When CLEC accesses
Subloops in MTE Terminals, it shall adhere to Qwest's Standard MTE
Access Protocol unless the Parties have negotiated a separate document
for such Subloop access. If CLEC requests a MTE Access Protocol that
is different from Qwest's Standard MTE Access Protocol, Qwest shall
negotiate with CLEC promptly and in good faith toward that end.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
178

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.3.5.4.6 Once inventory is complete and, if necessary, the facilities are
rearranged and or a new facility constructed and when Qwest runs the jumper,
the Subloop Provisioning intervals contained in Exhibit C shall apply.
9.3.5.4.7 For access to Qwest's on-premises MTE wire as a Subloop
element, CLEC shall be required to submit an LSR, but need not include thereon
the circuit-identifying information or await completion of LSR processing by
Qwest before securing such access. Qwest shall secure the circuit-identifying
information, and will be responsible for entering it on the LSR when it is received.
Qwest shall be entitled to charge for the Subloop element as of the time of LSR
submission by CLEC.
9.3.5.5 FCP Ordering Process
9.3.5.5.1 CLEC shall submit a Field Connection Point Request Form to
Qwest along with its Collocation Application. The FCP Request Form shall be
completed in its entirety.
9.3.5.5.2 After construction of the FCP and Collocation are complete,
CLEC will be notified of its termination location, which will be used for ordering
Subloops.
9.3.5.5.2.1 The following constitute the intervals for provisioning
Collocation associated with a FCP, which intervals shall begin upon
completion of the FCP Request Form and its associated Collocation
Application in their entirety:
9.3.5.5.2.1.1 Any Remote Collocation associated with a
FCP in which CLEC will install equipment requiring power and/or
heat dissipation shall be in accordance with the intervals set forth
in Section 8.4.
9.3.5.5.2.1.2 A Cross Connect Collocation in a detached
terminal shall be provisioned within ninety (90) Days from receipt
of a written request by CLEC.
9.3.5.5.2.1.3 If Qwest denies a request for Cross
Connect Collocation in a Qwest Premises due to space limitations,
Qwest shall allow CLEC representatives to inspect the entire
Premises escorted by Qwest personnel within ten (10) Days of
CLECs receipt of the denial of space, or a mutually agreed upon
date. Qwest will review the detailed space plans (to the extent
space plans exist) for the Premises with CLEC during the
inspection, including Qwest reserved or optioned space. Such
tour shall be without charge to CLEC. If, after the inspection of
the Premises, Qwest and CLEC disagree about whether space
limitations at the Premises make Collocation impractical, Qwest
and CLEC may present their arguments to the Commission. In
addition, if after the fact it is determined that Qwest has incorrectly
identified the space limitations, Qwest will honor the original Cross
Connect Collocation Application date for determining RFS unless
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
179

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
both Parties agree to a revised date.
9.3.5.5.2.1.4 Payment for the remaining nonrecurring
charges shall be upon the RFS date. Upon completion of the
construction activities and payment of the remaining nonrecurring
charge, Qwest will schedule with CLEC an inspection of the FCP
with CLEC if requested. Upon completion of the Acceptance
inspection, CLEC will be provided the assignments and necessary
ordering information. With prior arrangements, CLEC can request
testing of the FCP at the time of the Acceptance inspection. If
Qwest, despite its best efforts, including notification through the
contact number on the Cross Connect Collocation Application, is
unable to schedule the Acceptance inspection with CLEC within
twenty-one (21) Days of the RFS, Qwest shall activate the
applicable charges.
9.3.5.5.2.1.5 Qwest may seek extended intervals if the
work cannot reasonably be completed within the set interval. In
such cases, Qwest shall provide written notification to CLEC of the
extended interval Qwest believes is necessary to complete the
work. CLEC may dispute the need for and the duration of, an
extended interval, in which case Qwest must request a waiver
from the Commission to obtain an extended interval.
9.3.6 Rate Elements
Exhibit A provides recurring and nonrecurring rates for Subloop and also provides
Miscellaneous Charges.
9.3.6.1 All Subloop Types
9.3.6.1.1 Recurring Charges - CLEC will be charged monthly recurring
charges for each Subloop.
9.3.6.1.2 Nonrecurring Charges – One-time charges apply for specific
work activities associated with installation of each Subloop.
9.3.6.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.3.6.3 Additional Rate Elements for Detached Terminal Subloop Access
9.3.6.3.1 Cross Connect Collocation Charge: CLEC shall pay the full
nonrecurring charge for creation of a Cross Connect Collocation upon
submission of the Collocation Application. The FCP Request Form shall not be
considered complete until complete payment is submitted to Qwest, as described
in Section 8.1.1.8.1.
9.3.6.3.2 Any Remote Collocation associated with a FCP in which CLEC
will install equipment requiring power and/or heat dissipation shall be charged for
in accordance with the rate elements set forth in Section 8.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
180

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.3.6.3.3 Subloop Nonrecurring Jumper Charge: CLEC will be charged a
nonrecurring basic installation charge for Qwest running jumpers within the
accessible terminal for each Subloop ordered by CLEC.
9.3.6.4 Additional Rate Elements for MTE Terminal Subloop Access
9.3.6.4.1 CLEC will be charged the Subloop MTE – POI Site Inventory
nonrecurring charge for Qwest to complete an inventory of CLEC's facilities
within the MTE such that Subloop orders can be submitted and processed.
9.3.6.4.2 CLEC will be charged the MTE – POI Rearrangement of
Facilities nonrecurring charge for Qwest to complete a rearrangement of facilities
to make room for an MTE for CLEC.
9.3.6.4.3 CLEC will be charged the MTE – POI Construction of New SPOI
nonrecurring charge for Qwest to construct a new MTE SPOI for CLEC.
9.3.6.5 Nonrecurring charges apply for conditioning for Distribution Subloop.
9.3.6.6 All miscellaneous services as described in Section 9.1.12 are available
with Subloop. Miscellaneous Charges apply for miscellaneous services.
9.3.7 Repair and Maintenance
9.3.7.1 Detached Terminal Subloop Access: Qwest will maintain all of its
facilities and equipment in the accessible terminal and CLEC will maintain all of its
facilities and equipment in the accessible terminal.
9.3.7.2 MTE Terminal Subloop Access: Qwest will maintain all of its facilities and
equipment in the MTE and CLEC will maintain all of its facilities and equipment in the
MTE.
9.4 Intentionally Left Blank
9.5 Network Interface Device (NID)
9.5.1 Description
The Qwest NID is defined as any means of Interconnection of on-premises wiring and Qwest's
distribution plant, such as a cross connect device used for that purpose. Specifically, the NID is
a single line termination device or that portion of a multiple line termination device required to
terminate a single line or circuit at a premises. If CLEC seeks to access a NID as well as a
Subloop connected to that NID, it may do so only pursuant to Section 9.3. If CLEC seeks to
access only a NID (i.e., CLEC does not wish to access a Subloop connected to that NID), it may
only do so pursuant to this Section 9.5. Qwest shall permit CLEC to connect its own Loop
facilities to on-premises wiring through Qwest's NID, or at any other Technically Feasible point.
The NID carries with it all features, functions and capabilities of the facilities used to connect the
Loop distribution plant to the End User Customer's premises wiring, including access to the
Cross Connection field, regardless of the particular design of the NID mechanism. Although the
NID provides the connection to the End User Customer's premises wiring, it may not represent
the Demarcation Point where Qwest ownership or control of the intra-premises wiring ends.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
181

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
The NID contains a protective ground connection that protects the End User Customer's on-
premises wiring against lightning and other high voltage surges and is capable of terminating
media such as twisted pair cable. If CLEC orders Unbundled Loops on a reuse basis, the
existing drop and Qwest's NID, as well as any on premises wiring that Qwest owns or controls,
will remain in place and continue to carry the signal over the End User Customer's on-premises
wiring to the End User Customer's equipment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Unbundled
Loop and any Subloop terminating at a NID shall include the existing drop and the functionality
of the NID as more specifically set forth in Section 9.2. The NID is offered in three (3) varieties:
9.5.1.1 Simple NID - The modular NID is divided into two (2) components, one
containing the over-voltage unit (protector) and the other containing the End User
Customer's on-premises inside wiring termination, and a modular plug which connects
the inside wire to the distribution plant or dial tone source. The non-modular NID is a
protector block with the inside wire terminated directly on the distribution facilities.
9.5.1.2 Smart NID – To the extent Qwest has deployed "smart" devices in
general meaning a terminating device that permits the service provider to isolate the
Loop facility from the premises wiring for testing purposes, and such devices have spare
functioning capacity not currently used by Qwest or any other provider, Qwest shall
provide unbundled access to such devices. Qwest shall also continue to allow CLEC, at
its option, to use all features and functionality of the Qwest NID including any protection
mechanisms, test capabilities, or any other capabilities now existing or as they may exist
in the future regardless of whether or not CLEC terminates its own distribution facility on
the NID.
9.5.1.3 Multi-Tenant (MTE) NID - The MTE NID is divided into two (2) functional
components: one containing the over-voltage unit (protector) and the other containing
the terminations of the on-premises inside wiring. Such devices contain the protectors
for, and may be located externally or internally to the premises served.
9.5.1.4 CLEC shall not place orders for Unbundled NIDs in the Forbearance Wire
Centers.
9.5.2 Terms and Conditions
9.5.2.1 CLEC may use the existing Qwest NID to terminate its drop if space
permits, otherwise a new NID or other Technically Feasible Interconnection point is
required. If CLEC installs its own NID, CLEC may connect its NID to the Qwest NID by
placing a cross connect between the two. When Provisioning a NID-to-NID connection,
CLEC will isolate the Qwest facility in the NID by unplugging the modular unit. If CLEC
requires that a non-modular unit be replaced with a modular NID, Qwest will perform the
replacement for the charge described in Section 9.5.3.1. If CLEC is a facilities-based
provider up to and including its NID, the Qwest facility currently in place, including the
NID, will remain in place.
9.5.2.1.1 Qwest shall allow CLEC to connect its Loops directly to the NID
field containing the terminations of the on-premises inside wiring not owned or
controlled by Qwest, without restriction. Where Qwest does not own or control
the on-premises inside wiring, CLEC and the landowner shall determine
procedures for such access.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
182

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.5.2.1.2 Qwest shall allow CLEC to use all features and functionality of
the Qwest NID including any protection mechanisms, test capabilities, or any
other capabilities now existing or as they may exist in the future.
9.5.2.1.3 Pursuant to generally acceptable work practices, and provided
the inside wire re-termination is required to meet service requirements of either
Parties' End User Customer, either Party may remove the inside wire from the
NID and connect that wire to that Party's own NID. Future installation of Qwest
NIDs will be such that it will not unnecessarily impede access to the End User
Customer's wiring.
9.5.2.1.4 CLEC may enter the subscriber access chamber or End User
Customer side of a dual chamber NID enclosure for the purpose of NID-to-NID
connections.
9.5.2.1.5 Upon CLEC request, Qwest will make other rearrangements to
the inside wire terminations or terminal enclosure. Charges will be assessed per
Section 9.5.3.4. No such charge shall be applicable if Qwest initiates the
rearrangement of such terminations. In all such instances, rearrangements shall
be performed in a non-discriminatory fashion and timeframe and without an End
User Customer's perceivable disruption in service. Qwest will not make any
rearrangements of wiring that is provided by another Carrier that relocates the
other Carrier's test access point without notifying the affected Carrier promptly
after such rearrangement if CLEC has properly labeled its cross connect wires.
9.5.2.2 Qwest will retain sole ownership of the Qwest NID and its contents on
Qwest's side. Qwest is not required to proactively conduct NID change-outs, on a wide
scale basis. At CLEC's request, Qwest will change the NID on an individual request
basis by CLEC and charges will be assessed per Section 9.5.3.5 except where Section
9.5.5.1 applies. Qwest is not required to inventory NID locations on behalf of CLEC.
9.5.2.3 When CLEC accesses a Qwest NID, it shall employ generally accepted
best engineering practices and comply with industry standards should such standards
exist when it physically connects its NID (or equivalent) to the Qwest NID and makes
Cross Connections necessary to provide service. At MTE NIDs, CLEC shall clearly label
the cross connect wires it uses to provide service. Qwest shall label its terminals when a
technician is dispatched.
9.5.2.4 All services fed through a protector field in a Qwest NID located inside a
building will interface on an industry standard termination block and then extend, via a
Cross Connection to the End User Customer's in-premises wiring. All services fed
through a protector field in a Qwest NID that is attached to a building will interface on
industry standard lugs or a binding post type of termination and then extend, via a Cross
Connection, to the End User Customer's on-premises wiring.
9.5.2.5 If so requested by CLEC, Qwest shall allow CLEC to connect its Loops
directly to the protector field at Qwest NIDs that have unused protectors and are not
used by Qwest or any other Telecommunications Carrier to provide service to the
premises. If CLEC accesses the Qwest protector field, it shall do so on the distribution
side of the protector field only where spare protector capacity exists. In such cases,
CLEC shall only access a Qwest NID protector field in cable increments appropriate to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
183

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
the NID. If twenty-five (25) or more metallic cable pairs are simultaneously terminated at
the MTE NID, additions must be in increments of twenty-five (25) additional metallic
pairs. In all cases, Telecommunications cables entering a Qwest NID must be
terminated in compliance with FCC 88-57, section 315 of the National Electric Safety
Code and section 800.30 of the National Electric Code.
9.5.3 Rate Elements
Exhibit A provides recurring and nonrecurring rates for access or modifications to an existing
NID, and Exhibit A also provides Miscellaneous Charges.
9.5.3.1 If CLEC requests the current simple NID be replaced with a different
simple NID, pursuant to Section 9.5.2.1, additional labor – other Miscellaneous Charges
will be assessed with CLEC paying only for the portion of the change-out that is specific
to and for the functionality that supports CLEC requirements.
9.5.3.2 Recurring rates apply for unbundled access to the protector field in a
Qwest NID, pursuant to Section 9.5.2.5. As of the Effective Date of this Agreement,
Qwest has not implemented charges for this recurring rate element, but reserves the
right to assess such a charge in the future.
9.5.3.3 When CLEC requests that Qwest perform the work to connect its NID to
the Qwest NID, the costs associated with Qwest performing such work will be charged to
CLEC as additional labor – other Miscellaneous Charges.
9.5.3.4 When Qwest makes rearrangements to the inside wire terminations or
terminal enclosure pursuant to Section 9.5.2.1.5, charges will be assessed as additional
labor – other Miscellaneous Charges.
9.5.3.5 CLEC will be charged for any change-out Qwest performs pursuant to
Section 9.5.2.2. CLEC will be billed only for the portion of the change-out that is specific
to CLEC's request for modified/additional capacity. Charges will be assessed as
additional labor – other Miscellaneous Charges.
9.5.4 Ordering Process
9.5.4.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.5.4.2 CLEC may access a MTE NID after determining that the terminal in
question is a NID, per the process identified in Section 9.3. If the terminal is a NID and
CLEC wishes to access the End User Customer field of the NID, no additional
verification is needed by Qwest. CLEC shall tag its jumper wire.
9.5.4.2.1 When CLEC seeks to connect to a cross connect field other than
to the End User Customer field of the NID, CLEC shall submit a LSR for
connection to the NID. Qwest shall notify CLEC, within ten (10) business days, if
the connection is not Technically Feasible. In such cases, Qwest shall inform
CLEC of the basis for its claim of technical infeasibility and, at the same time,
identify all alternative points of connection that Qwest would support. CLEC shall
have the option of employing the alternative terminal or disputing the claim of
technical infeasibility pursuant to the Dispute Resolution provisions of this
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
184

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
Agreement. No additional verification is needed by Qwest and CLEC shall tag its
jumper wire.
9.5.4.3 Subject to the terms of Section 9.5.4.2, CLEC may perform a NID-to-NID
connection, according to Section 9.5.2.3, and access the End User Customer field of the
NID without notice to Qwest. CLEC may access the protector field of the NID by
submitting a LSR.
9.5.5 Maintenance and Repair
9.5.5.1 If Qwest is dispatched to an End User Customer's location on a
maintenance issue and finds the NID to be defective, Qwest will replace the defective
element or, if beyond repair, the entire device at no cost to CLEC. If the facilities and
lines have been removed from the protector field or damaged by CLEC, CLEC will be
responsible for all costs associated with returning the facilities and lines back to their
original state. This work is billed to CLEC as additional labor – other Miscellaneous
Charges. Maintenance and Repair processes are contained in the Access to OSS
Section of this Agreement.
9.6 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
Qwest shall provide access to Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT) in a non-
discriminatory manner according to the following terms and conditions.
9.6.1 Description
9.6.1.1 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT) provides CLEC with a
Network Element of a single transmission path between Qwest Wire Centers in the
same LATA and state. UDIT provides a path between one (1) CLEC's Collocation in one
(1) Qwest Wire Center and a different CLEC's Collocation in another Qwest Wire Center.
UDIT is a distance-sensitive, flat-rated bandwidth-specific interoffice transmission path
designed to a DSX in each Qwest Wire Center. UDIT is available in DS0 through DS3
bandwidths. CLEC can assign channels and transport its choice of voice or data.
Specifications, interfaces and parameters are described in Qwest Technical Publication
77389.
9.6.1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.1.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.2 Terms and Conditions
9.6.2.0 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.2.0.1 Qwest shall unbundle DS1 transport between any pair of Qwest
Wire Centers except where, through application of "Tier" classifications, as
defined in Section 4 of this Agreement, both Wire Centers defining the Route are
Tier 1 or Forbearance Wire Centers. As such, Qwest must unbundle DS1
transport if a Wire Center at either end of a requested Route is not a Tier 1 or
Forbearance Wire Center, or if neither is a Tier 1 or Forbearance Wire Center.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
185

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.6.2.0.1.1 On Routes for which no unbundling obligation for DS3
dedicated transport circuits exists but for which DS1 Dedicated Transport
is available on an unbundled basis, CLEC may obtain a maximum of ten
(10) unbundled DS1 Dedicated Transport circuits.
9.6.2.0.2 Qwest shall unbundle DS3 transport between any pair of Qwest
Wire Centers except where, through application of "Tier" classifications, as
defined in Section 4 of this Agreement, both Wire Centers defining the Route are
either Tier 1, Tier 2, or Forbearance Wire Centers. As such, Qwest must
unbundle DS3 transport if a Wire Center on either end of a requested Route is a
Tier 3 Wire Center that is not a Forbearance Wire Center.
9.6.2.0.2.1 CLEC may obtain a maximum of twelve (12) unbundled
DS3 dedicated transport circuits on each Route where DS3 dedicated
transport is available on an unbundled basis.
9.6.2.0.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.2.0.4 All services provided in this Section 9.6 are subject to the
Ratcheting criteria as provided in Section 9.1.1.9 of this Agreement.
9.6.2.0.5 All services provided in this Section 9.6, when combined with high
capacity Loops, are subject to the Service Eligibility Criteria as provided in
Section 9.1.1.10 of this Agreement.
9.6.2.1 To the extent that CLEC is ordering access to a UNE Combination, and
Cross Connections are necessary to combine UNEs, Qwest will perform requested and
necessary Cross Connections between UNEs in the same manner that it would perform
such Cross Connections for its End User Customers or for itself. If not ordered as a
combination, CLEC is responsible for performing Cross Connections at its Collocation or
other mutually determined Demarcation Point between UNEs and ancillary or Finished
Services, and for transmission design work including regeneration requirements for such
connections. Such Cross Connections will not be required of CLEC when CLEC orders
a continuous UDIT element from one point to another.
9.6.2.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.2.3 With the exception of combinations provided through the UNE
Combinations Section 9.23, CLEC may utilize any form of Collocation at both ends of the
UDIT. Qwest's design will ensure the cable between the Qwest-provided active elements
and the DSX will meet the proper signal level requirements. Channel regeneration will not
be charged for separately for Interconnection between a Collocation space and Qwest's
network. Cable distance limitations are based on ANSI Standard T1.102.1993 "Digital
Hierarchy – Electrical Interface; Annex B."
9.6.2.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.2.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.2.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
186

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.6.2.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.2.8 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.2.9 Upon CLEC request, Qwest will convert special access or private line
circuits to UDIT, provided the service originates at CLEC's Collocation in the Serving
Wire Center.
9.6.3 Rate Elements
Exhibit A provides recurring and nonrecurring rates for UDIT and also provides Miscellaneous
Charges.
9.6.3.1 DS1 UDIT includes the following rate elements:
a) DS1 Transport Termination (Fixed) Rate Element. This recurring rate
element provides a 1.544 Mbps termination at a DSX or DCS. In addition to the
fixed rate element, a per-mile rate element, as described below, also applies.
b) DS1 Transport Facilities (Per Mile) Rate Element. This recurring rate
element provides a transmission path of 1.544 Mbps between Qwest Wire
Centers. This is a mileage sensitive element based on the V&H coordinates of
the DS1 UDIT. The mileage is calculated between the originating and
terminating Qwest Wire Centers.
c) Intentionally Left Blank.
d) DS1 Nonrecurring Charge. One-time charges apply for a specific work
activity associated with installation of the DS1 service.
e) Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.3.2 DS3 UDIT rates include the following rate elements:
a) DS3 Transport Termination (Fixed) Rate Element. This recurring rate
element provides a 44.736 Mbps termination. In addition to the fixed rate
element, a per-mile rate element, as described below, also applies.
b) DS3 Transport Facilities (Per Mile) Rate Element. This recurring rate
element provides an interoffice transmission path of 44.736 Mbps between
Qwest Wire Centers. This is a mileage sensitive element based on the V&H
coordinates of the DS3 UDIT. The mileage is calculated between the originating
and terminating Qwest Wire Centers.
c) Intentionally Left Blank.
d) DS3 Nonrecurring Charge. One-time charges apply for a specific work
activity associated with installation of the DS3 service.
e) Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.3.3 DS0 UDIT includes the following rate elements:
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
187

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
a) DS0 Transport Termination (Fixed). This recurring rate element
provides a 64 Kbps termination. In addition to the fixed rate element, a per-mile
rate element, as described below, also applies.
b) DS0 Transport Facilities (Per Mile). This recurring rate element
provides a transmission path of 64 Kbps between Qwest Wire Centers. This is a
mileage sensitive element based on the V&H coordinates of the DS0 UDIT. The
mileage is calculated between the originating and terminating Qwest Wire
Centers.
c) DS0 Nonrecurring Charges. One-time charges apply for a specific work
activity associated with installation of the DS0 service.
d) Low Side Channelization. Recurring charges apply for low side
multiplexed channel cards and settings at each end of the DS0 UDIT.
9.6.3.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.3.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.3.5.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.3.6 Nonrecurring charges apply for rearrangements of UDIT.
9.6.3.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.3.8 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.3.9 The following miscellaneous services, as described in Section 9.1.12, are
available with UDIT. Miscellaneous Charges apply for miscellaneous services.
a) Additional labor – other
b) Cancellation
c) Design Change
d) Dispatch
e) Expedite
f) Maintenance of Service.
9.6.3.10 A nonrecurring charge is applied to the conversion of an existing private
line/Special Access circuit to UDIT.
9.6.4 Ordering Process
9.6.4.1 Ordering processes and installation intervals are as follows:
9.6.4.1.1 UDIT is ordered via the Access Service Request (ASR) process.
Ordering processes are contained in the Access to OSS Section of this
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
188

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
Agreement.
9.6.4.1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.4.1.3 The interval will start when Qwest receives a complete and
accurate ASR. This date is considered the start of the installation interval if the
order is received prior to 3:00 p.m. The installation interval will begin on the next
business day for service requests received after 3:00 p.m. The installation
intervals have been established and are set forth in Exhibit C of this Agreement.
9.6.4.1.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.4.1.5 An order may be canceled any time up to and including the Due
Date/Service Date. Cancellation Miscellaneous Charges apply for such
cancellations except when:
a) The original Due Date or CLEC-initiated subsequent Due Date
was, or CLEC has been notified by Qwest that such Due Date will be,
delayed ten (10) business days or longer; or
b) The original Due Date has been scheduled later than the
expiration of the standard interval set forth in Exhibit C and CLEC cancels
its order no later than ten (10) days before such original Due Date.
9.6.4.1.6 Definitions of the most common critical dates that occur during
the ordering and installation process are included in the Definitions Section of
this Agreement.
9.6.4.2 UDIT is ordered with basic installation. Qwest will install the UDIT
extending connections to CLEC Demarcation Point and will notify CLEC when the work
activity is complete.
9.6.4.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.4.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.6.4.5 Qwest will perform industry standard tests, set forth in Technical
Publication 77389, when installing UDIT service.
9.6.4.6 To convert an existing private line/special access circuit to UDIT, CLEC
must submit two (2) ASRs to change the circuit identification, Network Channel Interface
Code (NCI) and billing.
9.6.4.7 CLEC will submit an Access Service Request (ASR) for rearrangement
including appropriate termination information (e.g., Connecting Facility Assignment
(CFA) or Network Channel Codes/Network Channel Interface Codes (NC/NCI) codes).
9.6.5 Maintenance and Repair
9.6.5.1 The Parties will perform cooperative testing and trouble isolation to
identify where trouble points exist. CLEC Cross Connections will be repaired by CLEC
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
189

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
and Qwest Cross Connections will be repaired by Qwest. Maintenance and Repair
processes are contained in the Access to OSS Section of this Agreement.
9.6.6 Rearrangement
9.6.6.1 CLEC can submit requests through the ASR process to move or
rearrange UDIT terminations on CLEC's Demarcation Point or to change UDIT options.
These rearrangements are available through a single Wire Center or dual Wire Center
request. Single Wire Center rearrangements are limited to the change in options or
movement of terminations within a single Wire Center. Dual Wire Center
rearrangements are used to change options or movement of terminations in two (2) Wire
Centers. Rearrangement is only available for in-place and working UDITs.
9.6.6.2 The rearrangement of terminations or option changes are completed as
an "uncoordinated change" (basic request) and will be completed within the normal
intervals outlined in Exhibit C. If CLEC desires a coordinated rearrangement of
terminations or options changes, additional labor installation as identified in Exhibit A
shall apply.
9.6.6.3 CLEC will submit an ASR with the rearrange USOC and appropriate
termination information (e.g., CFA) or NC/NCI codes (Network Channel Codes/Network
Channel Interface Codes).
9.7 Unbundled Dark Fiber
Dedicated dark fiber shall be made available to CLEC on an unbundled basis as set forth below.
Dark fiber transport consists of unactivated optical interoffice transmission facilities.
9.7.1 Description
Unbundled Dark Fiber (UDF) is a deployed, unlit strand or strands of fiber that connects two (2)
Wire Centers within Qwest's network within the same LATA or state. UDF exists in two (2)
distinct forms: (a) UDF interoffice facility (UDF-IOF), which constitutes a deployed route
between two (2) Qwest Wire Centers; and (b) UDF MTE Subloop that begins at or near an MTE
premises to provide access to MTE premises wiring. Deployed Dark Fiber facilities shall include
all local exchange Dark Fiber Qwest owns directly or to which it has a right to access under
agreements with any other party affiliated or not, that do not prohibit Qwest's ability to provide
access to another Person or entity. Deployed Dark Fiber facilities shall not be limited to facilities
owned by Qwest, but will include in place and easily called into service facilities to which Qwest
has otherwise obtained a right of access, including but not limited to capitalized Indefeasible Right
to Use (IRUs) or capitalized leases. Qwest shall not be required to extend access in a manner
that is inconsistent with the restrictions and other terms and conditions that apply to Qwest's
access; however, in the case of access obtained from an Affiliate: (a) the actual practice and
custom as between Qwest and the Affiliate shall apply, in the event that it provides broader
access than does any documented agreement that may exist, and (b) any terms restricting access
by CLEC that are imposed by the agreement with the Affiliate (excluding good-faith restrictions
imposed by any agreement with a third party from whom the Affiliate has gained rights of access)
shall not be applied to restrict CLEC access.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
190

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.7.2 Terms and Conditions
9.7.2.0 Qwest shall unbundle dark fiber transport between any pair of Qwest Wire
Centers except where, through application of "Tier" classifications described in Section 4
of this Agreement, both Wire Centers defining the Route are either Tier 1, Tier 2 or
Forbearance Wire Centers. As such, Qwest must unbundle dark fiber transport if a Wire
Center on either end of a requested Route is a Tier 3 Wire Center that is not a
Forbearance Wire Center.
9.7.2.1 Qwest will provide CLEC with non-discriminatory access to UDF in
accordance with Section 9.1. Qwest will provide UDF of substantially the same quality
as the fiber facilities that Qwest uses to provide retail service to its own End User
Customers.
9.7.2.2 Qwest provides access to unbundled Dark Fiber at:
9.7.2.2.1 Accessible terminations such as fiber distribution panels.
9.7.2.2.2 A point of technically feasible access is any point in Qwest's
outside plant at or near an MTE premises where a technician can access the
wire or fiber within the cable without removing a splice case to reach the wire or
fiber within to access the wiring in the MTE premises. Such points include, but
are not limited to, a pole or pedestal, the network interface device, the minimum
point of entry, the single point of interconnection, and the feeder/distribution
interface.
9.7.2.2.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.7.2.3 Qwest will provide CLEC with access to deployed Dark Fiber facilities.
CLEC shall be responsible for obtaining and connecting electronic equipment, whether
light generating or light terminating equipment, to the Dark Fiber at both ends, provided
that if CLEC requests Qwest to obtain and connect the electronic equipment, Qwest will
follow the requirements of Section 9.19 in deciding whether or not to build the facilities
for CLEC.
9.7.2.4 Qwest will provide Unbundled Dark Fiber to CLEC in increments of one
(1) or two (2) strands. CLEC may obtain up to twenty-five percent (25%) of available
Dark Fibers or four (4) Dark Fiber strands, whichever is greater, in each fiber cable
segment over a twelve (12) month period. Before CLEC may order additional UDF on
such fiber cable segment, CLEC must demonstrate efficient use of existing fiber in each
cable segment. Efficient use of interoffice cable segments is defined as providing a
minimum of OC-12 termination on each fiber pair. Efficient use of UDF MTE Subloop
fiber is defined as providing a minimum of OC-3 termination on each fiber pair. CLEC
may designate five percent (5%) of its fibers along a fiber cable segment, or two (2)
strands, whichever is greater, for maintenance spare, which fibers or strands are not
subject to the termination requirements in this paragraph.
9.7.2.5 Qwest shall not have an obligation to unbundle Dark Fiber in the following
circumstances:
a) Qwest will not unbundle Dark Fiber that Qwest utilizes for
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
191

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
maintenance or reserves for maintenance spare for Qwest's own use. Qwest
shall not reserve more than five percent (5%) of the fibers in a sheath, or two (2)
strands, whichever is greater, for maintenance or maintenance spare for Qwest's
own use.
b) Qwest will not be required to unbundle Dark Fiber if Qwest
demonstrates to the Commission by a preponderance of the evidence that such
unbundling would create a likely and foreseeable threat to its ability to meet its
Carrier of last resort obligations as established by any regulatory authority.
Qwest shall initiate such proceeding within seven (7) Days of denying CLEC's
request (by written notice) to unbundle Dark Fiber where such fiber is available.
In this proceeding, Qwest shall not object to using the most expeditious
procedure available under state law, rule or regulation. Qwest shall be relieved
of its unbundling obligations, related to the specific Dark Fiber at issue, pending
the proceeding before the Commission. If Qwest fails to initiate such pending
proceeding within such seven (7) Day period, CLEC's request to unbundle Dark
Fiber shall be reinstated and the ordering and Provisioning processes of Section
9.7.3 shall continue.
9.7.2.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.7.2.7 Specifications, interfaces and parameters for Dark Fiber are described in
Qwest's Technical Publication 77383.
9.7.2.8 CLEC is responsible for trouble isolation before reporting trouble to
Qwest.
9.7.2.9 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.7.2.10 Upon thirty (30) Days notification to CLEC, Qwest may initiate a
proceeding to reclaim Dark Fiber strands from CLEC that were not serving End User
Customers at the time of Qwest's notice to CLEC. In such proceeding, Qwest shall have
the burden to prove that Qwest needs such fiber strands in order to meet its Carrier of
last resort obligations as established by any regulatory authority. In such proceeding,
CLEC shall not object to using the most expeditious procedure available under state law,
rule or regulation. CLEC shall be entitled to retain such strands of UDF for any purpose
permitted under this Agreement pending the proceeding before the Commission;
provided, however, that such use shall be at CLEC's sole risk of any reclamation
approved by the Commission, including the risk of termination of service to End User
Customers. CLEC may designate five percent (5%) of its fibers along a fiber cable
segment, or two (2) strands, whichever is greater, for maintenance spare, which fibers or
strands are not subject to the reclamation requirements in this paragraph.
9.7.2.11 Intentionally Left Blank.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
192

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.7.2.12 CLEC must have established Collocation or other Technically Feasible
means of network demarcation pursuant to Section 9.1.4 of this Agreement at both
terminating points of the UDF-IOF. No Collocation is required in intermediate Wire
Centers within a UDF or at Wire Centers where CLEC's UDFs are cross connected.
CLEC has no access to UDF at those intermediate Wire Centers.
9.7.2.12.1 CLEC-to-CLEC connections with UDF for the mutual exchange
of traffic is permissible pursuant to the provisions in Section 9.7.
9.7.2.13 CLEC is responsible for all work activities at the MTE premises. All
negotiations with the premises End User Customer and or premises owner are solely the
responsibility of CLEC.
9.7.2.14 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.7.2.15 Access to Dark Fiber MTE Subloops at or near an MTE Terminal within a
non-Qwest owned MTE is done through an MTE-POI. Collocation is not required to
access MTE Subloops.
9.7.2.16 CLEC will incur all costs associated with disconnecting the UDF from its
side of the network Demarcation Point.
9.7.2.17 Qwest and CLEC will jointly participate in continuity testing within the
Provisioning interval established in Exhibit C. Qwest and CLEC must coordinate on the
date and time for this continuity testing. As part of their respective duties regarding this
continuity test, Qwest shall furnish a light detector at one (1) termination point of the
UDF, and CLEC shall furnish light generating equipment at the other termination point of
the UDF as described below:
9.7.2.17.1 CLEC may identify on its order the Wire Center at which Qwest
must provide a light detector and the Wire Center at which CLEC will provide
light generating equipment. If CLEC does not identify the Wire Center on its
order, Qwest and CLEC shall mutually agree on the Wire Center at which CLEC
will provide the light generating equipment.
9.7.2.17.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.7.2.17.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.7.2.18 If, within ten (10) Days of the date Qwest provisioned an order for UDF,
CLEC demonstrates that the UDF pair(s) provisioned over requested route do not meet
the minimum parameters set forth in Technical Publication 77383, and if the trouble is in
the Qwest UDF facility, not due to fault on the part of CLEC, then Qwest will at no
additional cost, attempt to repair the UDF as it relates to Qwest cross connects and
jumpers. If Qwest cannot repair the UDF to the minimum parameters set forth in
Technical Publication 77383, Qwest will replace the UDF if suitable UDF pair(s) are
available, at no additional nonrecurring charge. If Qwest cannot replace the UDF upon
receipt of CLEC’s disconnect order, Qwest will refund the nonrecurring charges
associated with the Provisioning excluding IRI, FVQP and Field Verification and will
discontinue all recurring charges.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
193

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.7.2.19 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.7.2.20 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.7.3 Ordering Processes
Ordering processes and installation intervals are as follows:
9.7.3.1 The first step of the UDF ordering process is the inquiry process. The
UDF inquiry is used to determine the availability of UDF.
9.7.3.1.1 CLEC must submit a UDF inquiry and CLEC must specify the
two (2) locations and the number of fibers requested.
9.7.3.1.2 Qwest will notify CLEC, within the interval set forth in Exhibit C
of this Agreement, that: (i) UDF is available to satisfy CLEC's request, (ii) UDF is
not available to satisfy CLEC's request; or (iii) Qwest, in writing, denies CLEC's
request pursuant to Section 9.7.2.5(b). Qwest shall provide written notice of
denials pursuant to (iii) above.
9.7.3.1.3 If there is UDF available, the UDF simple inquiry response and
the complex inquiry response will contain up to five (5) available UDF routes
between the CLEC-specified end locations. If additional routes are available,
Qwest will notify CLEC that such additional routes exist and negotiate how that
additional information will be made available.
9.7.3.2 CLEC will establish network Demarcation Points to accommodate UDF
optical terminations via Collocation or other Technically Feasible means or network
demarcation pursuant to Section 9.1.4 of this Agreement. If Collocation and or other
network demarcation arrangements have not been completed, CLEC must have
obtained preliminary APOT address information (CFA – Connecting Facility Assignment)
for its network Demarcation Points in each Qwest Wire Center where the UDF
terminates prior to placing an order for UDF. When preliminary APOT has been
established and delivered to CLEC, Qwest can begin processing the UDF Provisioning
order upon receipt of the UDF Provisioning request. If the preliminary APOT address is
changed by CLEC, a new Provisioning time line for UDF must be established.
9.7.3.3 Based on the CLEC request, (UDF-IOF or UDF MTE Subloop), there are
two (2) possible termination scenarios.
9.7.3.3.1 Termination at an MTE. CLEC shall access the UDF MTE
Subloop on the MTE Premises at a Technically Feasible point if possible. If
access is not Technically Feasible on the MTE Premises, then CLEC may
request access to UDF MTE Subloop at a Technically Feasible point near the
MTE Premises. Qwest will prepare and submit to CLEC a quotation along with
the original Field Verification Quote Preparation form (FVQP) within the interval
set forth in Exhibit C. Quotations are on an Individual Case Basis (ICB) and will
include costs and an interval in accordance with Exhibit C.
9.7.3.3.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
194

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.7.3.3.3 Termination at Qwest Wire Center. If spare fiber is available,
and CLEC chooses to proceed, and the request is for UDF terminations at a
Qwest Wire Center, Qwest will begin the Provisioning process upon notification
from CLEC to proceed and the receipt of fifty percent (50%) of the nonrecurring
charges. The notification to proceed is accomplished by completing, signing and
returning the original inquiry request to the account manager. Provisioning
intervals for this type of request are set forth in Exhibit C. CLEC will be notified
that Provisioning is complete and the remaining nonrecurring charges and
associated recurring charges will be billed.
9.7.3.4 An order may be canceled any time up to and including the Service Date.
9.7.3.5 CLEC may reserve Dark Fiber for CLEC during Collocation builds. Prior
to reserving space, CLEC must place an inquiry pursuant to Section 9.7.3.1 of this
Agreement and receive a UDF inquiry response that reflects that the route to be
reserved is available. CLEC is also strongly encouraged to request a field verification
that the route to be reserved is available. If CLEC does not obtain a field verification,
CLEC assumes the risk that records upon which the UDF inquiry response is based may
be in error. CLEC may reserve UDF for thirty (30), sixty (60), or ninety (90) Days. CLEC
may extend or renew reservations if there is delay in completion of the Collocation build.
All applicable UDF recurring charges specified in Section 9.7.5.2 will be assessed at the
commencement of the reservation. Nonrecurring charges for Provisioning and cross
connects will be assessed at the time of installation.
9.7.4 Maintenance and Repair
9.7.4.1 The Parties will perform cooperative testing and trouble isolation to
identify where trouble points exist. CLEC Cross Connections will be repaired by CLEC
and Qwest Cross Connections will be repaired by Qwest. Maintenance and Repair
processes are contained in the Access to OSS Section of this Agreement.
9.7.4.2 If it is determined that the UDF does not meet the minimum parameters of
Technical Publication 77383 without fault of CLEC, and if the trouble is in the Qwest
UDF facility, then Qwest will attempt to repair the UDF as it relates to Qwest cross
connects and jumper at no additional cost. If Qwest cannot repair the UDF to the
minimum parameters set forth in Technical Publication 77383, then Qwest will replace
the UDF at no additional cost if suitable UDF pair(s) are available. If Qwest cannot
replace the UDF with available pairs, then it, upon receipt of CLEC’s disconnect order,
will discontinue the recurring charges effective as of the date of the commencement of
the trouble.
9.7.5 Rate Elements
Exhibit A provides recurring and nonrecurring rates for Dark Fiber and also provides
Miscellaneous Charges.
9.7.5.1 Dark Fiber includes the following rate elements:
a) Initial Records Inquiry (IRI). This rate element is a pre-order
work effort that investigates the availability of UDF. This is a one-time charge for
each route check requested by CLEC. A simple IRI determines if UDF is
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
195

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
available between two (2) Qwest Wire Centers. A complex IRI is used to
determine if a UDF MTE Subloop is available. Qwest will bill CLEC the IRI
immediately upon receipt of the inquiry. The IRI is a record search and does not
guarantee the availability of UDF.
b) Field Verification and Quote Preparation (FVQP). This rate
element is a pre-order work effort to estimate the cost of providing UDF access to
CLEC at locations other than Qwest Wire Centers. Qwest will prepare a
quotation which will explain what work activities, timeframes, and additional
costs, including recurring and non-recurring costs, are associated with providing
access to this FDP location. This quotation will be good for thirty (30) Days. The
FVQP is not necessary when the request is between Qwest Wire Centers (i.e.,
simple IRI). If FVQP is applicable pursuant to this section and CLEC orders UDF
that has been reserved after a Field Verification has been performed, then the
charge for FVQP will be reduced by the amount of the Engineering Verification
charge assessed in the context of the reservation.
c) Engineering Verification. This rate element is an additional records check
for Unbundled Dark Fiber MTE Subloop.
9.7.5.2 The following rate elements are used once the availability of UDF has
been established and CLEC chooses to access UDF.
9.7.5.2.1 Unbundled Dark Fiber - Single Strand - IOF Rate Elements
a) UDF-IOF Termination (Fixed) Rate Element. This rate element
is a recurring rate element and provides a termination at the interoffice
FDP within the Qwest Wire Center. Two (2) UDF-IOF terminations apply
per cross connect provided on the facility. Termination charges apply for
each intermediate office terminating at an FDP or like cross connect
point.
b) UDF-IOF Fiber Transport, (Per Strand) Rate Element. This
recurring rate element applies per strand. This rate element provides a
transmission path between Qwest Wire Centers. This rate element is
mileage sensitive based on the route miles of the UDF rounded up to the
next mile.
c) UDF-IOF Fiber Cross Connect Rate Element. This rate element
has both a recurring and nonrecurring component and is used to extend
the optical connection from the IOF FDP to CLEC's optical Demarcation
Point (ICDF). A minimum of two (2) UDF-IOF fiber cross connects apply
per strand. Cross connect charges apply for each intermediate office
terminating at an FDP or like cross connect point. The nonrecurring rate
will not be charged for cross connects already in place prior to CLEC's
order for UDF-IOF.
9.7.5.2.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.7.5.2.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
196

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.7.5.2.4 Unbundled Dark Fiber - Order Charge, First Strand/Route, Per
Order.
9.7.5.2.4.1 This rate element is the nonrecurring component
assessed for installation of Unbundled Dark Fiber, by the strand. The
element applies for the first strand that is requested to terminate at a
single location.
9.7.5.2.5 Unbundled Dark Fiber - Order Charge, Each Additional
Strand/Route, Per Order.
9.7.5.2.5.1 This rate element is the nonrecurring component
assessed for installation of each additional Unbundled Dark Fiber strand.
The element applies to each additional strand ordered to the same
location, on the same request.
9.7.5.2.6 Unbundled Dark Fiber per Pair - IOF Rate Elements
9.7.5.2.6.1 UDF-IOF Termination (Fixed) Rate Element. This
rate element is a recurring rate element and provides a termination at the
interoffice FDP within the Qwest Wire Center. Two UDF-IOF terminations
apply per pair at each end of the facility. Termination charges apply for
each intermediate Central Office terminating at an FDP or like cross
connect point.
9.7.5.2.6.2 UDF-IOF Fiber Transport, (Pair) Rate Element. This
rate element is a recurring component and applies per pair. This rate
element provides a transmission path between Qwest Wire Centers. The
recurring component of this rate element is mileage sensitive based on
the route miles of the UDF rounded up to the next mile.
9.7.5.2.7 UDF-IOF Fiber Cross Connect Rate Element.
9.7.5.2.7.1 This rate element has both a recurring and nonrecurring
component and is used to extend the optical connection from the IOF
FDP to CLEC's optical Demarcation Point. A minimum of two (2) UDF-
IOF fiber cross connects apply per pair. Cross connect charges apply for
each intermediate Central Office terminating at an FDP or like cross
connect point. The nonrecurring rate will not be charged for cross
connects already in place prior to CLEC's order for UDF-IOF.
9.7.5.2.8 Unbundled Dark Fiber - Order Charge, First Pair/Route, Per
Order.
9.7.5.2.8.1 This rate element is the nonrecurring component
assessed for installation of Unbundled Dark Fiber, by the pair. The
element applies for the first pair that is requested to terminate at a single
location.
9.7.5.2.9 Unbundled Dark Fiber- Order Charge, Each Additional
Pair/Route, Per Order, Per Location, Per Request.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
197

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.7.5.2.9.1 This rate element is the nonrecurring component assessed
for installation of each additional Unbundled Dark Fiber pair. The element
applies to each additional pair ordered to the same location, or
subsequent locations for CLEC.
9.7.5.2.10 Unbundled Dark Fiber Splice.
9.7.5.2.10.1 This rate element is the nonrecurring charge assessed for
the splice location, if required, to make the UDF MTE Subloop accessible.
This rate element is for the work performed at the accessible first
manhole or splicing location associated with an UDF MTE Subloop order.
9.7.5.2.11 Unbundled Dark Fiber MTE Subloop.
9.7.5.2.11.1 This rate element includes recurring and nonrecurring
charges assessed for the UDF MTE Subloop and it is ICB (Individual
Case Basis).
9.7.5.2.12 Miscellaneous Services. The following miscellaneous services, as
described in Section 9.1.12, are available with Dark Fiber. Miscellaneous
Charges apply for miscellaneous services.
a) Cancellation
b) Dispatch
c) Maintenance of Service.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
198

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.8 Intentionally Left Blank
9.9 Intentionally Left Blank
9.10 Intentionally Left Blank
9.11 Intentionally Left Blank
9.12 Intentionally Left Blank
9.13 Intentionally Left Blank
9.14 Intentionally Left Blank
9.15 Intentionally Left Blank
9.16 Intentionally Left Blank
9.17 Intentionally Left Blank
9.18 Additional Unbundled Elements
CLEC may request non-discriminatory access to and, where appropriate, development of,
additional UNEs not covered in this Agreement pursuant to the Bona Fide Request Process.
9.19 Construction Charges
Qwest will assess whether to build for CLEC in the same manner that it assesses whether to
build for itself. Qwest will conduct an individual financial assessment of any request that
requires construction of network capacity, facilities, or space for access to or use of UNEs.
When Qwest constructs to fulfill CLEC's request for UNEs, Qwest will bid this construction on a
case-by-case basis. Qwest will charge for the construction through nonrecurring charges as
described in this Section 9.19. When CLEC orders the same or substantially similar service
available to Qwest End User Customers, nothing in this Section shall be interpreted to authorize
Qwest to charge CLEC for special construction where such charges are not provided for in a
Tariff or where such charges would not be applied to a Qwest End User Customer.
9.19.1 Qwest reserves the right to determine if Qwest will undertake requested
construction. Some circumstances under which Qwest will reject a construction request include,
but are not limited to, if it is determined that the requested element will jeopardize the reliability
of Qwest's existing network, endanger Qwest's employees or consumers, is not consistent with
the National Electrical Code (NEC), or does not meet Network Equipment Building Standards
(NEBS) requirements. If Qwest agrees to construct a network element, the following will apply.
9.19.2 CLEC may request that Qwest construct new facilities for use in providing
services offered as Unbundled Network Elements (UNEs) using the CLEC-Requested
Unbundled Network Elements Construction (“CRUNEC”) method. CRUNEC is not required for
requests that can be resolved through facility work or assignments. CRUNEC is not available
for requests for facilities that are not offered as UNEs. Qwest's CRUNEC applies to the
following Wholesale products and services:
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
199

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
 Enhanced Extended Loop (EEL)
 Unbundled Subloop
 Unbundled Dark Fiber (UDF)
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
 Unbundled Local Loop
9.19.2.1 To make a request for construction of facilities, CLEC must submit a
CRUNEC request by contacting the Qwest service manager.
9.19.3 Rates for CRUNEC
9.19.3.1 A Records Quote Preparation Fee (RQPF) applies, and is a nonrecurring
charge assessed prior to preparation of a Records Quotation, which is a high level
overview and estimate of the cost of construction. This construction estimate is based
on records only and is not binding on Qwest. Credit in the amount of the RQPF will be
applied to the Construction Quote Preparation Fee that is described below.
9.19.3.2 The Construction Quote Preparation Fee (CQPF) is a nonrecurring
charge assessed prior to preparation of the CRUNEC quotation. The CRUNEC
quotation provides the amount CLEC will pay should it agree to pursue construction.
Credit in the amount of the CQPF will be applied to the cost of construction if CLEC
accepts the quoted CRUNEC price and agrees to pursue construction.
9.19.3.2.1 CLEC may choose to first receive a Records Quotation, or may
choose to forego the Records Quotation and pay the CQPF for the CRUNEC
quotation, at any time after receiving notification that facilities are not available to
complete a service request.
9.19.3.3 Qwest will retain the CQPF if CLEC chooses not to proceed with the
construction. At any point after remitting payment for construction, if CLEC decides to
begin but then to discontinue construction, Qwest will refund the Construction payment,
excluding expenditures already incurred by Qwest for work completed (including work
Engineered, Furnished and/or Installed (EF&I)). Qwest will provide a brief description of
work completed.
9.19.3.3.1 EF&I is defined as:
 Engineering labor to analyze the needs for the requested UNE and
design and issue the required work orders
 Furnished material cost
 Installation labor costs to complete the work order
9.19.3.4 The amount of the CRUNEC quotation is determined using the same
financial analysis criteria, and costs to recover for EF&I, that Qwest uses to assess
whether to build the equivalent facilities for itself.
9.19.3.5 Rates are included in Exhibit A to this Agreement.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
200

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.20 Intentionally Left Blank
9.21 Line Splitting
9.21.1 Description
Line Splitting provides CLEC/DLEC with the opportunity to offer advanced data service
simultaneously with voice service when CLEC obtains switching as a Network Element pursuant
to a separate written agreement. Line Splitting uses the frequency range above the voice band
on a single Loop for the advanced data service. The advanced data service may be provided
by the Customer of record or another data service provider chosen by the Customer of record.
A Splitter must be inserted into the Loop to accommodate establishment of the advanced data
service. The Splitter separates the voice and data traffic and allows the copper Loop to be used
for simultaneous DLEC data transmission and CLEC provided voice service to the End User.
“CLEC” will herein be referred to as the voice service provider while “DLEC” will be referred to
as the advanced data service provider. CLEC and DLEC may be the same entity.
9.21.2 Terms and Conditions
9.21.2.1 General
9.21.2.1.1 The Customer of record (the voice service provider) will order the
insertion of a Splitter. Qwest is not responsible for providing the Splitter, filter(s)
and/or other equipment necessary for the End User to receive separate voice
and data service across a single copper Loop.
9.21.2.1.2 To order Line Splitting, CLEC/DLEC must have a Splitter installed
in the Qwest Wire Center that serves the End User. The POTS Splitter must
meet the requirements for Central Office equipment Collocation set by the FCC
or be compliant with ANSI T1.413.
9.21.2.1.3 CLEC/DLEC may provide any xDSL services that are compatible
with CLEC’s voice service in accordance with ANSI T1.413 or IEEE 820 or other
industry standards.
9.21.2.1.4 There may be only one DLEC at any given time that provides
advanced data service on any given Line Splitting arrangement.
9.21.2.1.5 The Customer of record will be able to request conditioning on the
Unbundled Loop portion of the Line Splitting arrangement. Qwest will perform
requested conditioning of shared Loops to remove load coils and excess Bridged
Taps. If CLEC requests conditioning and such conditioning significantly
degrades the voice services on the Loop to the point that it is unacceptable to
CLEC, CLEC shall pay the conditioning rate set forth in Exhibit A to recondition
the Loop.
9.21.2.1.6 Splitters may be installed in Qwest Wire Centers at the discretion
of CLEC/DLEC: via the standard Collocation arrangements set forth in the
Collocation Section; of this Agreement. Under either option, Splitters will be
appropriately hard-wired or pre-wired so that Qwest is not required to inventory
more than two (2) points of termination. For Line Splitting, Qwest shall use the
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
201

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
same number of Cross Connections and the same length of the tie pairs as it
uses for other split services under this Agreement.
9.21.2.1.7 Intentionally Left Blank
9.21.2.1.8 Splitter Collocation requirements are covered in the Shared Loop
Section of this Agreement.
9.21.3 Rate Elements
The following Line Splitting rate elements are contained in Exhibit A of this Agreement.
9.21.3.1 Recurring Rates for Line Splitting.
9.21.3.1.1 Interconnection TIE Pairs (ITP). A monthly recurring charge to
recover the costs associated with the use of 2 ITPs, one for voice and one for
voice/data.
9.21.3.1.2 OSS Charge – A monthly recurring charge to recover the cost of
the OSS modifications necessary to provide access to the high frequency portion
of the Loop. See Section 9.4.4 of Exhibit A.
9.21.3.2 Nonrecurring Rates for the Line Splitting
9.21.3.2.1 Basic Installation Charge for Line Splitting – A nonrecurring
charge for each Line Splitting arrangement installed will apply.
9.21.3.2.2 Charge for conditioning Loop associated with Line Splitting – A
nonrecurring charge for either conditioning the Loop by removing load coils
and/or excess Bridged Taps; or reconditioning the line if necessary to assure the
quality of the voice service on the voice service.
9.21.3.3 Nonrecurring Rates for Maintenance and Repair
9.21.3.3.1 Trouble Isolation Charge – A nonrecurring charge for Trouble
isolation will be applied in accordance with the Access to OSS- Maintenance and
Repair Section.
9.21.3.3.2 Additional Testing – The Customer of record may request Qwest
to perform additional testing, and Qwest may decide to perform the requested
testing on a case-by-case basis. A nonrecurring charge will apply in accordance
with Exhibit A, Section 9.20.4.
9.21.3.4 Rates for Splitter Collocation are included in Section 8.1.20 of Exhibit A of
this Agreement.
9.21.3.5 Exhibit A identifies the rates that have been approved by the
Commission. The other rates are interim and will be subject to true-up based on either
mutually agreed permanent rates or permanent rates established in a cost proceeding
conducted by the Commission. In the event interim rates are established by the
Commission before permanent rates are set, the interim rates set forth in Exhibit A will
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
202

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
be changed to reflect the interim rates set by the Commission; however, no true up will
be performed until mutually agreed to permanent rates are established or permanent
rates are established by the Commission.
9.21.4 Ordering Process
9.21.4.1 Line Splitting
9.21.4.1.1 As a part of the pre-order process, CLEC/DLEC may access Loop
characteristic information through the Loop Qualification and Raw Loop Data
Tools described in the Support Functions Section. The Customer of record will
determine, in its sole discretion and at its risk, whether to add data services to
any specific Loop.
9.21.4.1.2 The Customer of record will provide on the LSR, the appropriate
frame terminations that are dedicated to Splitters. Qwest will administer all cross
connects/jumpers on the COSMIC/MDF and IDF.
9.21.4.1.3 Basic Installation “lift and lay” procedure will be used for all Line
Splitting orders. Under this approach, a Qwest technician “lifts” the Loop from its
current termination in a Qwest Wire Center and “lays” it on a new termination
connecting to CLEC’s/DLEC’s collocated equipment in the same Wire Center.
9.21.4.1.4 The Customer of record shall not place orders for Line Splitting
until all work necessary to provision Line Splitting in a given Qwest Wire Center,
including, but not limited to, Splitter installation and tie cable reclassification or
augmentation has been completed.
9.21.4.1.5 If the voice service is disconnected on a Line Splitting
arrangement, the Line Splitting arrangement shall terminate. CLEC may arrange
to provide DSL service to the End User Customer through purchase of another
product.
9.21.4.1.6 The Customer of record (the voice service provider) shall submit
the appropriate LSR’s associated with establishing Line Splitting.
9.21.5 Billing
9.21.5.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.21.5.2 Qwest shall bill the Customer of record for all recurring and nonrecurring
Line Splitting rate elements.
9.21.6 Repair and Maintenance
9.21.6.1 Qwest will allow CLEC/DLEC to access Line Splitting at the point where
the combined voice and data Loop is cross-connected to the Splitter.
9.21.6.2 The Customer of record will be responsible for reporting to Qwest voice
service troubles provided over Line Splitting. Qwest will be responsible to repair troubles
on the physical line between Network Interface Devices at the Customer premises and
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
203

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
the demarcation point in Qwest Wire Centers. CLEC/DLEC will be responsible for
repairing data services provided on Line Splitting. Qwest, CLEC and DLEC each will be
responsible for maintaining its equipment. The entity that controls the Splitters will be
responsible for their maintenance.
9.21.6.3 Intentionally Left Blank
9.21.6.4 When Splitters are installed in Qwest Wire Centers via Common Area
Splitter Collocation, CLEC/DLEC will order and install additional Splitter cards as
necessary to increase the capacity of the Splitters. CLEC/DLEC will leave one (1)
unused, spare Splitter card in every shelf to be used for repair and maintenance until
such time as the card must be used to fill the shelf to capacity.
9.21.6.5 When Splitters are installed in Qwest Wire Centers via standard
Collocation arrangements, CLEC/DLEC may install test access equipment in its
Collocation areas in those Wire Centers for the purpose of testing Line Splitting. This
equipment must meet the requirements for Central Office equipment set by the FCC.
9.21.6.6 Qwest, CLEC and DLEC will work together to address End User initiated
repair requests and to prevent adverse impacts to the End User.
9.21.7 Customer of Record and Authorized Agents
9.21.7.1 “Customer of record” is defined for purposes of this section as the CLEC
that is providing the voice service. Qwest will bill the Customer of Record for Line
Splitting. The Customer of record may designate an authorized agent pursuant to the
terms of sections 9.21.7.2 and 9.21.7.3 to perform Ordering and/or Maintenance and
Repair functions.
9.21.7.2 In order for the authorized agent of the Customer of record to perform
ordering and/or Maintenance and Repair functions, the Customer of record must provide
its authorized agent the necessary access and security devices, including but not limited
to user identifications, digital certificates and SecurID cards, that will allow the authorized
agent to access the records of the Customer of record. Such access will be managed by
the Customer of Record.
9.21.7.3 The Customer of Record shall hold Qwest harmless with regard to any
harm to Customer of Record as a direct and proximate result of the acts or omissions of
the authorized agent of the Customer of Record or any other person who has obtained
from the Customer of Record the necessary access and security devices through the
Customer of Record, including but not limited to user identifications, digital certificates
and SecurID cards, that allow such person to access the records of the Customer of
Record unless such access and security devices were wrongfully obtained by such
Person through the willful or negligent behavior of Qwest.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
204

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.22 Intentionally Left Blank
9.23 Unbundled Network Element Combinations
9.23.1 General Terms
9.23.1.1 Qwest shall provide CLEC with non-discriminatory access to
combinations of Unbundled Network Elements, including but not limited to, Enhanced
Extended Loop (EEL), according to the following terms and conditions.
9.23.1.2 Qwest will offer to CLEC UNE Combinations, on rates, terms and
conditions that are just, reasonable and non-discriminatory in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and the requirements of Section 251 and Section 252
of the Act, the applicable FCC rules, and other Applicable Laws. The methods of access
to UNE Combinations described in this section are not exclusive. Qwest will make
available any other form of access requested by CLEC that is consistent with the Act
and the regulations thereunder. CLEC shall be entitled access to all combinations
functionality as provided in FCC rules and other Applicable Laws. Qwest shall not
require CLEC to access any UNE Combinations in conjunction with any other service or
element unless specified in this Agreement or as required for Technical Feasibility
reasons. Qwest shall not place any use restrictions or other limiting conditions on UNE
Combinations accessed by CLEC, except as specified in this Agreement or required by
Existing Rules.
9.23.1.2.1 Changes in law, regulations or other "Existing Rules" relating to
UNEs and UNE Combinations, including additions and deletions of elements
Qwest is required to unbundle and/or provide in a UNE Combination, shall be
incorporated into this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.2. CLEC and Qwest
agree that the UNEs identified in Section 9 are not exclusive and that pursuant to
changes in FCC rules, or the Bona Fide Request process, CLEC may identify
and request that Qwest furnish additional or revised UNEs to the extent required
under Section 251(c)(3) of the Act. Failure to list a UNE herein shall not
constitute a waiver by CLEC to obtain a UNE subsequently defined by the FCC.
9.23.1.2.2 CLEC may Commingle UNEs and combinations of UNEs with
wholesale services and facilities (e.g., switched and special access services
offered pursuant to Tariff), and request Qwest to perform the necessary functions
to provision such Commingling. CLEC will be required to provide the Connecting
Facility Assignment (CFA) of CLEC's network demarcation (e.g., Collocation or
multiplexing facilities) for each UNE, UNE Combination, or wholesale service
when requesting Qwest to perform the Commingling of such services. Qwest
shall not deny access to a UNE on the grounds that the UNE or UNE
Combination shares part of Qwest's network with access services. All requests
for combinations and Commingling will be subject to the terms and conditions in
Section 9.1. In addition to the UNE Combinations provided by Qwest to CLEC
hereunder, Qwest shall permit CLEC to combine any UNE provided by Qwest
with another UNE provided by Qwest or with compatible network components
provided by CLEC or provided by third parties to CLEC in order to provide
Telecommunications Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CLEC can
connect its UNE Combination to Qwest's Directory Assistance and operator
services platforms.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
205

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.23.1.3 When ordered as combinations of UNEs, Network Elements that are
currently combined and ordered together will not be physically disconnected or
separated in any fashion except for technical reasons or if requested by CLEC. Network
Elements to be provisioned together shall be identified and ordered by CLEC as such.
When CLEC orders in combination UNEs that are currently interconnected and
functional, such UNEs shall remain interconnected or combined as a working service
without any disconnection or disruption of functionality.
9.23.1.4 When ordered in combination, Qwest will combine for CLEC UNEs that
are ordinarily combined in Qwest's network, provided that facilities are available.
9.23.1.5 When ordered in combination, Qwest will combine for CLEC UNEs that
are not ordinarily combined in Qwest's network, provided that facilities are available and
such combination:
9.23.1.5.1 Is Technically Feasible;
9.23.1.5.2 Would not impair the ability of other Carriers to obtain access to
UNEs or to interconnect with Qwest's network; and
9.23.1.5.3 Would not impair Qwest's use of its network.
9.23.1.6 When ordered in combination, Qwest will combine CLEC UNEs with
Qwest UNEs, provided that facilities are available and such combination:
9.23.1.6.1 Is Technically Feasible;
9.23.1.6.2 Shall be performed in a manner that provides Qwest access to
necessary facilities;
9.23.1.6.3 Would not impair the ability of other Carriers to obtain access to
UNEs or to interconnect with Qwest's network; and
9.23.1.6.4 Would not impair Qwest's use of its network.
9.23.2 Description
UNE Combinations are available in, but not limited to, the following standard products: EEL,
subject to the limitations set forth below. If CLEC desires access to a different UNE
Combination, CLEC may request access through the Special Request Process set forth in this
Agreement. Qwest will provision UNE Combinations pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
without requiring an amendment to this Agreement, provided that all of the UNEs included in the
combination request, and their associated Billing rate elements are contained in this Agreement.
If Qwest develops additional UNE Combination products, CLEC can order such products
without using the Special Request Process, but CLEC may need to submit a New Customer
Questionnaire and execute an amendment before ordering such products.
9.23.3 Terms and Conditions
9.23.3.1 Qwest shall provide non-discriminatory access to UNE Combinations on
rates, terms and conditions that are non-discriminatory, just and reasonable. The quality
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
206

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
of a UNE Combination Qwest provides, as well as the access provided to that UNE
Combination, will be equal between all Carriers requesting access to that UNE
Combination; and, where Technically Feasible, the access and UNE Combination
provided by Qwest will be provided in "substantially the same time and manner" to that
which Qwest provides to itself. In those situations where Qwest does not provide access
to UNE Combinations itself, Qwest will provide access in a manner that provides CLEC
with a meaningful opportunity to compete.
9.23.3.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7 Enhanced Extended Loop (EEL) -- EEL is a combination of Loop and
dedicated interoffice transport and may also include multiplexing. EEL transport and
Loop facilities may utilize DS0 through DS3 bandwidths. The terms and conditions of
Section 9.6 shall apply to the Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport portion of the
EEL. The terms and conditions of Section 9.2 shall apply to the Loop portion of the EEL.
EEL is offered as a conversion from private line/special access or as new installation
subject to the terms of Section 9.1.1.
9.23.3.7.1 Service Eligibility Criteria in Section 9.1.1.10 apply to
combinations of high capacity (DS1 and DS3) Loops and interoffice transport
(high capacity EELs). This includes new UNE EELs, EEL conversions (including
commingled EEL conversions) or new commingled EELs (e.g., high capacity
loops attached to special access transport). CLEC cannot utilize combinations of
Unbundled Network Elements that include DS1 or DS3 Unbundled Loops and
DS1 or DS3 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT) to create high
capacity EELs unless CLEC certifies to Qwest that the EELs meet the Service
Eligibility Criteria in Section 9.1.1.10.
9.23.3.7.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
207

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.23.3.7.2.8 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.9 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.10 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.11 CLEC may request the conversion of an existing
private line/special access service to an EEL. Retail and/or resale private
line circuits (including multiplexing) may be converted to EEL if the
conversion is Technically Feasible and they meet the terms of Section
9.1.1. Qwest will provide CLEC with conversions to EELs according to
the standard intervals set forth in Exhibit C. Work performed by Qwest to
provide Commingled EELs at CLEC's request or to provide services that
are not subject to standard provisioning intervals will not be subject to
performance measures and remedies, if any, contained in this Agreement
or elsewhere, by virtue of that service's inclusion in a requested
Commingled EEL service arrangement. Provisioning intervals applicable
to services included in a requested Commingled service arrangement will
not begin to run until CLEC provides a complete and accurate service
request, necessary CFAs to Qwest, and Qwest completes work required
to provide for the Commingling that is in addition to work required to
provision the service as a stand-alone facility or service.
9.23.3.7.2.11.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.12 EEL is a combination of Loop and dedicated
interoffice transport used for the purpose of connecting an End User
Customer to CLEC's Collocation. EEL can also be ordered as a new
installation of circuits for the purpose of CLEC providing services to End
User Customers.
9.23.3.7.2.12.1 Terms and Conditions
9.23.3.7.2.12.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.12.3 One (1) end of the interoffice facility of a
high capacity EEL must originate at CLEC’s Collocation in a Wire
Center other than the Serving Wire Center of the Loop.
9.23.3.7.2.12.4 EEL combinations consist of Loops and
interoffice transport of the same bandwidth (Point-to-Point EEL).
High capacity point-to-point EELs must originate from CLEC’s
Collocation in a Wire Center other than the Serving Wire Center of
the Loop. When multiplexing is requested, EEL may consist of
Loops and interoffice transport of different bandwidths
(multiplexed EEL).
9.23.3.7.2.12.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.12.6 Installation intervals are set forth in Exhibit
C and in the Service Interval Guide (SIG) on the following web site
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
208

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
address: http://www.qwest.com/carrier/guides/sig/index.html.
9.23.3.7.2.12.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.7.2.12.8 EEL is available only where existing
facilities are available.
9.23.3.7.2.12.9 Rearrangements may be requested for work
to be performed by Qwest on an existing EEL or on some private
line/special access circuits when coupled with a conversion-as-
specified request to convert to EEL.
9.23.3.8 Ordering
9.23.3.8.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.8.2 CLEC will submit EEL orders using the LSR process.
9.23.3.8.3 Qwest will install the appropriate channel card based on the
DS0 EEL Loop LSR order and apply the charges.
9.23.3.8.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.8.5 One (1) LSR is required when CLEC orders Point-to-Point EEL.
Multiplexed EEL and EEL Loops must be ordered on separate LSRs.
9.23.3.8.6 Out of Hours Project Coordinated Installations: CLEC may
request project coordinated installations outside of Qwest's standard installation
hours. This permits CLEC to obtain a coordinated installation for EEL where
CLEC requests work to be performed outside of Qwest’s standard installation
hours. For purposes of this Section, Qwest's standard installation hours are 8:00
a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (local time), Monday through Friday, excluding holidays.
Installations commencing outside of these hours are considered to be out of
hours project coordinated installations.
9.23.3.8.6.1 The date and time for the out of hours project
coordinated installation requires up-front planning and shall be negotiated
between Qwest and CLEC. All requests will be processed on a first
come, first served basis and are subject to Qwest’s ability to meet a
reasonable demand. Considerations such as volumes, system down
time, Switch upgrades, Switch maintenance, and the possibility of other
CLECs requesting the same appointment times in the same Switch
(Switch contention) must be reviewed.
9.23.3.8.6.2 To request out of hours project coordinated
installations, CLEC will submit an LSR designating the desired
appointment time. CLEC must specify an out of hours project
coordinated Installation in the “remarks” section of the LSR.
9.23.3.9 Rate Elements
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
209

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
Exhibit A provides recurring and nonrecurring rates for EEL and also provides
Miscellaneous Charges.
9.23.3.9.1 EEL Loop. The EEL Loop is the Loop connection between the
End User Customer premises and the Serving Wire Center. EEL Loop is
available in DS0, DS1, and DS3 bandwidths. Recurring and nonrecurring
charges apply.
9.23.3.9.2 EEL Transport. EEL Transport consists of the dedicated
interoffice facilities between Qwest Wire Centers. EEL Transport is available in
DS0, DS1, and DS3 bandwidths. Recurring charges apply.
9.23.3.9.3 EEL Multiplexing. EEL multiplexing is offered in DS3 to DS1
and DS1 to DS0 configurations. EEL multiplexing is ordered with EEL Transport.
Recurring and nonrecurring charges apply.
9.23.3.9.4 DS0 Low Side Channelization and DS0 MUX Low Side
Channelization. EEL DS0 Channel Cards are required for each DS0 EEL Loop.
Channel Cards are available for Analog Loop Start, Ground Start, Reverse
Battery, and No Signaling.
9.23.3.9.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.9.6 Rearrangements. Nonrecurring charges apply for work
performed by Qwest on an existing EEL or on private line/special access circuits
when coupled with a conversion-as-specified request to convert to EEL.
9.23.3.9.7 Nonrecurring charges apply for conversions of private
line/Special Access to EEL.
9.23.3.9.8 Miscellaneous Charges. The following miscellaneous services,
as described in Section 9.1.12, are available with EEL. Miscellaneous Charges
apply for miscellaneous services.
a) Additional labor – installation Miscellaneous Charges apply for out-
of-hours project coordinated installations scheduled to commence out of
hours, or rescheduled by CLEC to commence out of hours, in addition to
standard nonrecurring charges for the installation
b) Additional labor – other Miscellaneous Charges apply for Optional
Testing
c) Cancellation
d) Design change
e) Dispatch
f) Expedite
g) Maintenance of Service.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
210

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.23.3.10 CLEC may request access to and, where appropriate, development of,
additional UNE Combinations. For UNEs Qwest currently combines in its network,
CLEC can use the Special Request Process (SRP) set forth in Exhibit F. For UNEs that
Qwest does not currently combine, CLEC must use the Bona Fide Request Process
(BFR). In its BFR or SRP request, CLEC must identify the specific combination of
UNEs, identifying each individual UNE by name as described in this Agreement.
9.23.3.11 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.12 If CLEC is obtaining services from Qwest under an arrangement or
agreement that includes the application of termination liability assessment (TLA) or
minimum period charges, and if CLEC wishes to convert such services to UNEs or a
UNE Combination, the conversion of such services will not be delayed due to the
applicability of TLA or minimum period charges. The applicability of such charges is
governed by the terms of the original agreement, Tariff or arrangement. Nothing herein
shall be construed as expanding the rights otherwise granted by this Agreement or by
law to elect to make such conversions.
9.23.3.13 For installation of new UNE Combinations, CLEC will not be assessed
UNE rates for UNEs ordered in combination until access to all UNEs that make up such
combination have been provisioned to CLEC as a combination.
9.23.3.14 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.15 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.3.16 In the event Qwest terminates the Provisioning of any UNE Combination
service to CLEC for any reason, CLEC shall be responsible for providing any and all
necessary notice to its End User Customers of the termination. In no case shall Qwest
be responsible for providing such notice to CLEC's End User Customers. Qwest shall
only be required to notify CLEC of Qwest's termination of the UNE Combination service
on a timely basis consistent with Commission rules and notice requirements.
9.23.3.17 CLEC, or CLEC's agent, shall act as the single point of contact for its End
User Customers' service needs, including without limitation, sales, service design, order
taking, Provisioning, change orders, training, maintenance, trouble reports, repair, post-
sale servicing, Billing, collection and inquiry. CLEC shall inform its End User Customers
that they are End User Customers of CLEC. CLEC's End User Customers contacting
Qwest will be instructed to contact CLEC, and Qwest's End User Customers contacting
CLEC will be instructed to contact Qwest. In responding to calls, neither Party shall
make disparaging remarks about each other. To the extent the correct provider can be
determined, misdirected calls received by either Party will be referred to the proper
provider of local Exchange Service; however, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed
to prohibit Qwest or CLEC from discussing its products and services with CLEC's or
Qwest's End User Customers who call the other Party seeking such information.
9.23.4 Rates and Charges
9.23.4.1 The rates and recurring and nonrecurring charges for the individual
Unbundled Network Elements that comprise UNE Combinations are contained in Exhibit
A, and Exhibit A also provides Miscellaneous Charges.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
211

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.23.4.1.1 Recurring monthly charges for each Unbundled Network
Element that comprise the UNE Combination shall apply when a UNE
Combination is ordered.
9.23.4.1.2 Nonrecurring charges, if any, will apply based upon the cost to
Qwest of Provisioning the UNE Combination and providing access to the UNE
Combination.
9.23.4.1.3 Miscellaneous Charges will apply based upon Qwest providing
miscellaneous services, if made available, with UNE combination.
9.23.4.2 If the Commission takes any action to adjust the rates previously ordered,
Qwest will make a compliance filing to incorporate the adjusted rates into Exhibit A.
Upon the compliance filing by Qwest, the Parties will abide by the adjusted rates on a
going-forward basis, or as ordered by the Commission.
9.23.4.3 CLEC shall be responsible for Billing its End User Customers served over
UNE Combinations for surcharges required of CLEC by statute, regulation or otherwise
required.
9.23.4.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.4.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.4.6 Qwest shall have a reasonable amount of time to implement system or
other changes necessary to bill CLEC for Commission-ordered rates or charges
associated with UNE Combinations.
9.23.5 Ordering Process
9.23.5.1 UNE Combinations and associated products and services are ordered via
an LSR or ASR, as appropriate. Ordering processes are contained in this Agreement
and in the PCAT. The following is a high-level description of the ordering process:
9.23.5.1.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.5.1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.5.1.3 Step 1: Complete product questionnaire with account team
representative.
9.23.5.1.4 Step 2: Obtain Billing Account Number (BAN) through account
team representative.
9.23.5.1.5 Step 3: Allow two (2) to three (3) weeks from Qwest's receipt of
a completed questionnaire for accurate loading of UNE Combination rates to the
Qwest Billing system.
9.23.5.1.6 Step 4: After account team notification, place UNE Combination
orders via an LSR or ASR, as appropriate.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
212

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.23.5.1.7 Additional information regarding the ordering processes is located
in the Qwest Product Catalog (PCAT).
9.23.5.2 Prior to placing an order on behalf of each End User Customer, CLEC
shall be responsible for obtaining and have in its possession a Proof of Authorization as
set forth in this Agreement.
9.23.5.3 Standard service intervals for each EEL are set forth in Exhibit C. For
UNE Combinations with appropriate retail analogues, CLEC and Qwest will use the
standard Provisioning interval for the equivalent retail service. CLEC and Qwest can
separately agree to Due Dates other than the standard interval.
9.23.5.4 Due Date intervals are established when Qwest receives a complete and
accurate Local Service Request (LSR) or Access Service Request (ASR) made through
the IMA, EDI or Exact interfaces or through facsimile. For EEL, the date the LSR or
ASR is received is considered the start of the service interval if the order is received on a
business day prior to 3:00 p.m. For EEL, the service interval will begin on the next
business day for service requests received on a non-business day or after 3:00 p.m. on
a business day. Business days exclude Saturdays, Sundays, New Year's Day, Memorial
Day, Independence Day (4th of July), Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.
9.23.5.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.5.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
9.23.5.7 For EELs, CLEC shall provide Qwest and Qwest shall provide CLEC with
points of contact for order entry, problem resolution, repair, and in the event special
attention is required on service request.
9.23.6 Billing
9.23.6.1 Qwest shall provide CLEC, on a monthly basis, within seven (7) to ten
(10) Days of the last day of the most recent Billing period, in an agreed upon standard
electronic Billing format, Billing information including (1) a summary bill, and (2)
individual End User Customer sub-account information consistent with the samples
available for CLEC review.
9.23.7 Maintenance and Repair
9.23.7.1 Qwest will maintain facilities and equipment that comprise the service
provided to CLEC as a UNE Combination. CLEC or its End User Customers may not
rearrange, move, disconnect or attempt to repair Qwest facilities or equipment, other
than by connection or disconnection to any interface between Qwest and the End User
Customer, without the written consent of Qwest.
9.24 Loop Splitting
9.24.1 Description
Loop Splitting provides CLEC/DLEC with the opportunity to offer advanced data service
simultaneously with voice service over an existing Unbundled Loop by using the frequency
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
213

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
range above the voice band on the copper Loop. The advanced data service may be provided
by the Customer of Record (the voice service provider) or another data service provider chosen
by the Customer of Record. The Splitter separates the voice and data traffic and allows the
copper Loop to be used for simultaneous DLEC data transmission and CLEC provided voice
service to the End User Customer. "CLEC" will herein be referred to as the voice service
provider while "DLEC" will be referred to as the advanced data service provider. CLEC and
DLEC may be the same entity.
9.24.1.1 With regard to Qwest's current requirement that Loop Splitting be offered
over an existing Unbundled Loop, Qwest acknowledges that there are ongoing industry
discussions regarding the Provisioning of Loop Splitting over a new Unbundled Loop. If
as a result of those discussions, a process is developed for Loop Splitting over a new
Loop, Qwest will amend its Agreement to eliminate the limitation of Loop Splitting to
existing Unbundled Loops.
9.24.2 Terms and Conditions
9.24.2.1 General
9.24.2.1.1 Qwest is not responsible for providing the Splitter, filter(s) and/or
other equipment necessary for the End User Customer to receive separate voice
and data service across a single copper Loop.
9.24.2.1.2 To order Loop Splitting, CLEC/DLEC must have a Splitter
installed in the Qwest Wire Center that serves the End User Customer. The
Splitter must meet the requirements for Central Office equipment Collocation set
by the FCC or be compliant with ANSI T1.413.
9.24.2.1.3 There may only be one DLEC at any given time that provides
advanced data service on any given Unbundled Loop.
9.24.2.1.4 If Loop Splitting is requested for an analog Loop, the Loop must
be converted to a 2/4 wire non-loaded Loop.
9.24.2.1.4.1 The Customer of Record will be able to request
conditioning of the Unbundled Loop. Qwest will perform requested
conditioning of Unbundled Loops to remove load coils and excess
Bridged Taps under the terms and conditions associated with Loop
conditioning contained in Section 9.2 of this Agreement.
9.24.2.1.4.2 If requested conditioning significantly degrades the
existing service over the Unbundled Loop to the point that it is
unacceptable to CLEC, Customer of Record shall pay to convert back to
an analog Loop.
9.24.2.1.5 Splitters may be installed in Qwest Wire Centers at the
discretion of CLEC/DLEC via the standard or Common Area Splitter Collocation
arrangements set forth in the Collocation Section of this Agreement. Under
either option, Splitters will be appropriately hard-wired or pre-wired so that points
of termination are kept to a minimum. For Loop Splitting, Qwest shall use the
same length of tie pairs as it uses for other split services provided under this
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
214

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
Agreement, except for the additional CLEC-to-CLEC connection, which is
required for Loop Splitting.
9.24.3 Rate Elements
Recurring and nonrecurring charges for the following Loop Splitting rate elements are contained
in Exhibit A, and Exhibit A also provides Miscellaneous Charges.
9.24.3.1 Recurring Rates
9.24.3.1.1 Interconnection Tie Pairs (ITP) - A monthly recurring charge to
recover the costs associated with the use of ITPs.
9.24.3.1.2 OSS Charge – A monthly recurring charge to recover the cost of
the OSS modifications necessary to provide access to the high frequency portion
of the Unbundled Loop.
9.24.3.2 Nonrecurring Rates
9.24.3.2.1 Basic Installation Charge – A nonrecurring charge for Loop
Splitting installed will apply.
9.24.3.3 Miscellaneous Charges. All miscellaneous services as described in
Section 9.1.12 are available with Subloop. Miscellaneous Charges apply for
miscellaneous services.
9.24.3.4 Rates for Splitter Collocation are included in Exhibit A of this Agreement.
9.24.3.5 All of these rates are interim and will be subject to true-up based on either
mutually agreed permanent rates or permanent rates established in a cost proceeding
conducted by the Commission. In the event interim rates are established by the
Commission before permanent rates are set, the interim rates set forth in Exhibit A will
be changed to reflect the interim rates set by the Commission; however, no true up will
be performed until mutually agreed to permanent rates are established or permanent
rates are established by the Commission.
9.24.4 Ordering Process
9.24.4.1 Loop Splitting
9.24.4.1.1 As a part of the pre-order process, CLEC/DLEC may access
Loop characteristic information through the Loop Information Tool described in
the Access to OSS Section. The Customer of Record will determine, in its sole
discretion and at its risk, whether to add data services to any specific Unbundled
Loop.
9.24.4.1.2 The Customer of Record will provide on the LSR, the
appropriate frame terminations that are dedicated to Splitters. Qwest will
administer all cross connects/jumpers on the COSMIC/MDF and IDF.
9.24.4.1.3 Basic Installation "lift and lay" procedure will be used for all Loop
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
215

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
Splitting orders. Under this approach, a Qwest technician "lifts" the Loop from its
current termination in a Qwest Wire Center and "lays" it on a new termination
connecting to CLEC's/DLEC's collocated equipment in the same Wire Center.
9.24.4.1.4 The Customer of Record shall not place orders for Loop Splitting
until all work necessary to provision Loop Splitting in a given Qwest Wire Center,
including, but not limited to, Splitter installation and tie cable reclassification or
augmentation has been completed.
9.24.4.1.5 The Customer of Record shall submit the appropriate LSRs
associated with establishing Unbundled Loop and Loop Splitting.
9.24.4.1.6 If the voice service is disconnected on a Loop Splitting
arrangement, the Loop Splitting arrangement shall terminate. CLEC may
arrange to provide DSL service to the End User Customer through purchase of
another product.
9.24.5 Billing
9.24.5.1 Qwest shall provide a bill to the Customer of Record, on a monthly basis,
within seven (7) to ten (10) Days of the last day of the most recent Billing period, in an
agreed upon standard electronic Billing format.
9.24.5.2 Qwest shall bill the Customer of Record for all recurring and nonrecurring
Loop Splitting rate elements.
9.24.6 Repair and Maintenance
9.24.6.1 Qwest will allow CLEC/DLEC to access Loop Splitting at the point where
the combined voice and data Loop is cross connected to the Splitter.
9.24.6.2 The Customer of Record will be responsible for reporting to Qwest
service troubles provided over Loop Splitting. Qwest will be responsible to repair
troubles on the physical line between Network Interface Devices at the End User
Customer premises and the point of demarcation in Qwest Wire Centers. Qwest, CLEC
and DLEC each will be responsible for maintaining its equipment. The entity that
controls the Splitters will be responsible for their maintenance.
9.24.6.3 Qwest, CLEC and DLEC will continue to develop repair and maintenance
procedures for Loop Splitting and agree to document final agreed to procedures in a
methods and procedures document that will be made available on Qwest's web site.
9.24.7 Customer of Record and Authorized Agents
9.24.7.1 "Customer of Record" is defined for the purposes of this section as the
voice service provider. Qwest will bill the Customer of Record for Loop Splitting. The
Customer of Record may designate an authorized agent pursuant to the terms of
sections 9.24.7.2 and 9.24.7.3 to perform ordering and/or Maintenance and Repair
functions.
9.24.7.2 In order for the authorized agent of the Customer of Record to perform
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
216

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
ordering and/or Maintenance and Repair functions, the Customer of Record must
provide its authorized agent the necessary access and security devices, including but
not limited to user identifications, digital certificates and SecurID cards, that will allow the
authorized agent to access the records of the Customer of Record. Such access will be
managed by the Customer of Record.
9.24.7.3 The Customer of Record shall hold Qwest harmless with regard to any
harm Customer of Record receives as a direct and proximate result of the acts or
omissions of the authorized agent of the Customer of Record or any other Person who
has obtained from the Customer of Record the necessary access and security devices,
including but not limited to user identifications, digital certificates and SecurID cards, that
allow such Person to access the records of the Customer of Record unless such access
and security devices were wrongfully obtained by such Person through the willful or
negligent behavior of Qwest.
9.25 Loop-Mux Combination (LMC)
9.25.1 Description
9.25.1.1 Loop-Mux combination (LMC) is an unbundled Loop as defined in
Section 9.2 of this Agreement (referred to in this Section as an LMC Loop)
Commingled with a private line (PLT), or with a special access (SA), Tariffed DS1
or DS3 multiplexed facility with no interoffice transport. The PLT/SA multiplexed
facility is provided as either an Interconnection Tie Pair (ITP) or Expanded
Interconnection Termination (EICT) from the high side of the multiplexer to
CLEC's Collocation. The multiplexer and the Collocation must be located in the
same Qwest Wire Center.
9.25.1.2 LMC provides CLEC with the ability to access End User
Customers and aggregate DS1 or DS0 unbundled Loops to a higher bandwidth
via a PLT/SA DS1 or DS3 multiplexer. There is no interoffice transport between
the multiplexer and CLEC's Collocation.
9.25.1.3 Qwest offers the LMC Loop as a billing conversion or as new
provisioning.
9.25.2 Terms and Conditions
9.25.2.1 An Extended Enhanced Loop (EEL) may be commingled with the
PLT/SA multiplexed facility.
9.25.2.2 LMC Loops will be provisioned where existing facilities are
available.
9.25.2.3 The PLT/SA DS1 or DS3 multiplexed facility must terminate in a
Collocation.
9.25.2.4 The multiplexed facility is subject to all terms and conditions
(ordering, provisioning, and billing) of the appropriate Tariff.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
217

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
9.25.2.5 The multiplexer and the Collocation must be located in the same
Qwest Wire Center.
9.25.2.6 Rearrangements may be requested for work to be performed by
Qwest on an existing LMC Loop, or on some private line/special access circuits,
when coupled with a conversion-as-specified request to convert to LMC Loop.
9.25.3 Rate Elements
Exhibit A provides recurring and nonrecurring rates for LMC and also provides
Miscellaneous Charges.
9.25.3.1 The LMC Loop is the Loop connection between the End User
Customer Premises and the multiplexer in the serving Wire Center where CLEC
is Collocated. LMC Loop is available in DS0 and DS1. Recurring and non-
recurring charges apply.
9.25.3.2 DS0 Mux Low Side Channelization. LMC DS0 channel cards
are required for each DS0 LMC Loop connected to a 1/0 LMC multiplexer.
Channel cards are available for analog loop start, ground start, reverse battery,
and no signaling. See channel performance for recurring charges.
9.25.3.3 Nonrecurring charges apply for billing conversions to LMC Loop.
9.25.3.4 Nonrecurring charge apply for rearrangements of an existing
LMC Loop, or on some private line/special access circuits, when coupled with a
conversion-as-specified request to convert to LMC Loop.
9.25.3.5 Nonrecurring charges apply for conversion of private line/special
access to LMC.
9.25.3.6 Miscellaneous Charges. The following miscellaneous services,
as described in Section 9.1.12, are available with LMC. Miscellaneous Charges
apply for miscellaneous services.
a) Additional labor – installation Miscellaneous Charges apply for out-
of-hours project coordinated installations scheduled to commence out of
hours, or rescheduled by CLEC to commence out of hours, in addition to
standard nonrecurring charges for the installation
b) Additional labor – other Miscellaneous Charges apply for Optional
Testing
c) Cancellation
d) Design change
e) Dispatch
f) Expedite
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
218

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
g) Maintenance of Service
9.25.4 Ordering Process
9.25.4.1 Ordering processes for LMC Loop(s) are contained in this
Agreement and in Qwest's Product Catalog (PCAT). The following is a high-level
description of the ordering process:
9.25.4.1.1 Step 1: Complete product questionnaire for LMC Loop(s)
with account team representative.
9.25.4.1.2 Step 2: Obtain billing account number (BAN) through
account team representative.
9.25.4.1.3 Step 3: Allow two (2) to three (3) weeks from Qwest's
receipt of a completed questionnaire for accurate loading of LMC rates to
the Qwest billing system.
9.25.4.1.4 Step 4: After account team notification, place LMC Loop
orders via an LSR.
9.25.4.2 Prior to placing an order on behalf of each End User Customer,
CLEC shall be responsible for obtaining and have in its possession a Proof of
Authorization (POA) as set forth in this Agreement.
9.25.4.3 Standard service intervals for LMC Loops are in the Service
Interval Guide (SIG) available at www.qwest.com/wholesale.
9.25.4.4 Due date intervals are established when Qwest receives a
complete and accurate LSR made through the IMA or EDI interfaces or through
facsimile. For LMC Loops, the date the LSR is received is considered the start of
the service interval if the order is received on a business day prior to 3:00 p.m.
For LMC Loops, the service interval will begin on the next business day for
service requests received on a non-business day or after 3:00 p.m. on a
business day. Business days exclude Saturdays, Sundays, New Year's Day,
Memorial Day, Independence Day (4th of July), Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and
Christmas Day.
9.25.4.5 Out of Hours Project Coordinated Installations: CLEC may
request an out of hours project coordinated Installation. This permits CLEC to
obtain a coordinated installation for LMC Loops with installation work performed
by Qwest outside of Qwest’s standard installation hours. For purposes of this
Section, Qwest's standard installation hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (local
time), Monday through Friday, except holidays. Installations commencing
outside of these hours are considered to be out of hours project coordinated
installations.
9.25.4.5.1 The date and time for the out of hours project coordinated
installation requires up-front planning and shall be negotiated between
Qwest and CLEC. All requests will be processed on a first come, first
served basis and are subject to Qwest’s ability to meet a reasonable
demand. Considerations such as volumes, system down time, Switch
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
219

Section 9
Unbundled Network Elements
upgrades, Switch maintenance, and the possibility of other CLECs
requesting the same appointment times in the same Switch (Switch
contention) must be reviewed.
9.25.4.5.2 To request out of hours project coordinated installations,
CLEC will submit an LSR designating the desired appointment time.
CLEC must specify an out of hours project coordinated Installation in the
“remarks” section of the LSR.
9.25.5 Billing
9.25.5.1 Qwest shall provide CLEC, on a monthly basis, within seven to ten
(7 to 10) Days of the last day of the most recent billing period, in an agreed upon
standard electronic billing format, billing information including (1) a summary bill,
and (2) individual End User Customer sub-account information.
9.25.6 Maintenance and Repair
9.25.6.1 Qwest will maintain facilities and equipment for LMC Loops
provided under this Agreement. Qwest will maintain the multiplexed facility
pursuant to the Tariff. CLEC or its End User Customers may not rearrange,
move, disconnect or attempt to repair Qwest facilities or equipment, other than by
connection or disconnection to any interface between Qwest and the End User
Customer, without the prior written consent of Qwest.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
220

Section 10
Ancillary Services
Section 10.0 – ANCILLARY SERVICES
10.1 Intentionally Left Blank
10.2 Local Number Portability
10.2.1 Description
10.2.1.1 Local Number Portability (LNP) is defined by the FCC as the ability of
users of Telecommunications Services to retain, at the same location, existing
Telecommunications numbers without impairment of quality, reliability, or convenience
when switching from one Telecommunications Carrier to another. Qwest will allow
CLEC to port telephone numbers for its End User Customers in the same manner as
Qwest ports telephone numbers for Qwest End User Customers. CLEC may port
telephone numbers into and out of Qwest End Office Switches on behalf of an End User
Customer using the FCC rules and industry guidelines as described in the following
Sections.
10.2.1.2 Qwest uses the Location Routing Number (LRN) architecture. Under the
LRN architecture, each End Office Switch is assigned a unique ten-digit LRN, the first six
digits of which identify the location of that End Office Switch. The LRN technology is a
triggering and addressing method which allows the re-homing of individual telephone
numbers to other End Office Switches and ensures the proper routing of calls to ported
telephone numbers through the use of a database and the signaling network. The LRN
solution interrupts call processing through the use of an Advanced Intelligent Network
(AIN) trigger, commonly referred to as the LRN trigger. During this interruption, a query
is launched to the LNP database in the signaling network and the call is re-addressed
using the LRN information for the ported telephone number. The LRN will route the call
to the proper End Office Switch destination. The actual routing of the call with either the
dialed telephone number, for calls to non-ported telephone numbers, or the LRN, for
calls to ported telephone numbers, observes the rules, protocols and requirements of the
existing Public Office Dialing Plan (PODP).
10.2.2 Terms and Conditions
10.2.2.1 Qwest will provide Local Number Portability (LNP), also known as long-
term number portability, in a non-discriminatory manner in compliance with the FCC's
rules and regulations and the guidelines of the FCC's North American Numbering
Council's (NANC) Local Number Portability Administration (LNPA) Working Group and
the Industry Numbering Committee (INC) of the Alliance for Telecommunications
Industry Solutions (ATIS). Unless specifically excluded in Section 10.2.2.6, all telephone
numbers assigned to an End User Customer are available to be ported through LNP.
Mass calling events shall be handled in accordance with the industry's non-LRN
recommendation (NANC's High Volume Call-In Networks dated February 18, 1998).
10.2.2.2 Each Party shall use reasonable efforts to facilitate the expeditious
deployment of LNP. The Parties shall comply with the processes and implementation
schedules for LNP deployment prescribed by the FCC. In accordance with industry
guidelines, the publications of LNP capable End Office Switches and the schedule and
status for future deployment will be identified in the Local Exchange Routing Guide
(LERG).
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
221

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.2.2.3 In connection with the provision of LNP, the Parties agree to support and
comply with all relevant requirements or guidelines that are adopted by the FCC, or that
are agreed to by the Telecommunications industry as a national industry standard.
10.2.2.4 Qwest will coordinate LNP with Unbundled Loop cutovers in a reasonable
amount of time and with minimum service disruption, pursuant to Unbundled Loop
provisions identified in Section 9 of this Agreement. CLEC will coordinate with Qwest for
the transfer of the Qwest Unbundled Loop coincident with the transfer of the End User
Customer's service to Qwest in a reasonable amount of time and with minimum service
disruption. For coordination with Loops not associated with Qwest's Unbundled Loop
offering, CLEC may order the LNP managed cut, as described in Section 10.2.5.4.
10.2.2.4.1 Parties understand that LNP order activity must be coordinated
with facilities cutovers in order to ensure that the End User Customer is provided
with uninterrupted service. If the Party porting the telephone number
experiences problems with its port or provision of its Loop, and needs to delay or
cancel the port and any Loop disconnection, that Party shall notify the other Party
immediately. Parties will work cooperatively and take prompt action to delay or
cancel the port and any Loop disconnection in accordance with industry (LNPA's
National Number Porting Operations Team), accepted procedures to minimize
End User Customer service disruptions.
10.2.2.4.2 Parties shall transmit a port create subscription or port
concurrence message to the NPAC, in accordance with the FCC's LNPA
Working Group's guidelines. Qwest will routinely send a concurrence message
within the time frames established by the industry.
10.2.2.5 The Parties agree to implement LNP within the guidelines set forth by the
generic technical requirements for LNP as specified in Section 21 of this Agreement.
10.2.2.6 Neither Party shall be required to provide Local Number Portability for
telephone numbers that are excluded by FCC rulings (e.g. 500 and 900 NPAs, 950 and
976 NXX number services).
10.2.2.7 After an End Office Switch becomes equipped with LNP, all NXXs
assigned to that End Office Switch will be defined as portable, to the extent Technically
Feasible, and translations will be changed in each Party's Switches so that the portable
NXXs are available for LNP database queries. When an NXX is defined as portable, it
will also be defined as portable in all LNP-capable End Office Switches that have direct
trunks to the End Office Switch associated with the portable NXX.
10.2.2.8 Each Party shall offer Local Number Portability to End User Customers
for any portion of an existing DID block without being required to port the entire block of
DID telephone numbers. Each Party shall permit End User Customers who port a
portion of DID telephone numbers to retain DID service on the remaining portion of the
DID telephone numbers.
10.2.2.9 At the time of porting a telephone number via LNP from Qwest, Qwest
shall ensure that the LIDB entry for that telephone number is de-provisioned if the Qwest
LIDB is not being used by CLEC.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
222

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.2.2.10 Both Parties agree to follow the LNP End Office Switch request process
established by the Parties and in compliance with industry guidelines.
10.2.2.11 NXX Migration, or Local Exchange Routing Guide Reassignment,
reassigns the entire Central Office Code (NXX) to CLEC's End Office Switch if the code
is used solely for one End User Customer. Where one Party has activated an entire
NXX for a single End User Customer, or activated a substantial portion of an NXX for a
single End User Customer with the remaining telephone numbers in the NXX either
reserved for future use or otherwise unused, if such End User Customer chooses to
receive service from the other Party, the first Party shall cooperate with the second Party
to have the entire NXX reassigned to an End Office Switch operated by the second Party
through the NANP administrator. In addition, both Parties agree to cooperate in
arranging necessary updates and industry notification in the LERG (and associated
industry databases, routing tables, etc.). Such transfer will be accomplished with
appropriate coordination between the Parties and subject to appropriate industry lead-
times (as identified in the LERG and the Central Office Code Administration guidelines)
for movement of NXXs from one End Office Switch to another. Other applications of
NXX migration will be discussed by the Parties as circumstances arise.
10.2.2.12 In connection with all LNP requests, the Parties agree to comply with the
National Emergency Number Association (NENA) recommended standards for service
provider Local Number Portability (NENA-02-011), as may be updated from time to time,
regarding unlocking and updating End User Customers' telephone number records in the
911/Automatic Location Information (ALI) database. The Current Service Provider shall
send the 911 unlock record on the completion date of the order to the 911 database
administrator.
10.2.2.13 Porting of Reserved Numbers. The End User Customers of each Party
may port Reserved Numbers from one Party to the other Party via LNP. Qwest will port
telephone numbers previously reserved by the End User Customer via the appropriate
retail Tariffs until these reservations expire. Qwest will reserve telephone numbers in
accordance with the FCC's rules.
10.2.2.14 Limits on Subscriber Relocation. Qwest and CLEC agree that an End
User Customer may geographically relocate at the same time as it ports its telephone
number, using LNP, to the New Service Provider; provided, however, that the Current
Service Provider may require that the End User Customer's relocation at the time of the
port to the New Service Provider be limited to the geographic area represented by the
NXX of the ported telephone number. The Current Service Provider may not impose a
relocation limitation on the New Service Provider or the New Service Provider's
subscribers that is more restrictive than that which the Current Service Provider would
impose upon its own subscribers with telephone numbers having the same NXX as the
telephone number(s) being ported. In addition, the Current Service Provider may not
impose any restrictions on relocation within the same Rate Center by a ported End User
Customer while that End User Customer is served by the New Service Provider.
10.2.3 Service Management System
10.2.3.1 Each Party shall sign the appropriate NPAC user agreement(s) and
obtain certification from the appropriate NPAC administrator(s) that the Party or the
Party's Service Order Administration (SOA) and Local Service Management System
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
223

Section 10
Ancillary Services
(LSMS) vendor(s) has systems and equipment that are compatible with the NPAC's
established protocols and that the application of such systems and equipment is
compatible with the NPAC.
10.2.3.2 Each Party shall cooperate to facilitate the administration of the SMS
through the process prescribed in the documents referenced in Section 21.
10.2.4 Database and Query Services
10.2.4.1 The LNP database provides the call routing information used by Qwest's
End Office Switches and Tandem Switches to route CLEC's End User Customer's calls
to a ported telephone number or to terminate calls to CLEC's End User Customers using
a ported telephone number. Qwest shall perform default LNP queries where CLEC is
unable to perform its own query. CLEC shall perform default LNP queries where Qwest
is unable to perform its own query. Qwest query services and charges are defined in
FCC Tariff #5, including End Office and Tandem Switch Default Query Charges which
are contained in Tariff Section 13 (Miscellaneous Service) and Database Query Charges
which are contained in Tariff Section 20 (CCSAC Service Applications).
10.2.4.2 For local calls to a NXX in which at least one (1) telephone number has
been ported via LNP at the request of CLEC, the Party that owns the originating Switch
shall query an LNP database as soon as the call reaches the first LNP-capable Switch in
the call path. The Party that owns the originating Switch shall query on a local call to a
NXX in which at least one (1) telephone number has been ported via LNP prior to any
attempts to route the call to any other Switch. Prior to the first telephone number in a
NXX being ported via LNP at the request of CLEC, Qwest may query all calls directed to
the NXX, subject to the Billing provisions as discussed in Section 10.2.4.1 and provided
that Qwest queries shall not adversely affect the quality of service to CLEC's End User
Customers as compared to the service Qwest provides its own End User Customers.
10.2.4.3 A Party shall be charged for a LNP query by the other Party only if the
Party to be charged is the N-1 Carrier and it was obligated to perform the LNP query but
failed to do so. Parties are not obligated to perform the LNP query prior to the first port
requested in a NXX.
10.2.4.4 On calls originating from a Party's network, the Party will populate, if
Technically Feasible, the Jurisdiction Information Parameter (JIP) with the first six digits
of the originating LRN in the SS7 Initial Address Message.
10.2.4.5 Each Party shall cooperate in the process of porting telephone numbers
from one Carrier to another so as to limit service outage for the ported End User
Customer. Qwest shall update its LNP database from the NPAC SMS data within fifteen
(15) minutes of receipt of a download from the NPAC SMS.
10.2.5 Ordering
10.2.5.1 Both Parties shall comply with ordering standards as developed by the
industry and as described in Section 12 of this Agreement. LNP service is ordered via a
Local Service Request and associated LNP forms. CLEC may order LNP either
manually or through an electronic interface. The electronic gateway solution for ordering
service is described in Section 12 of this Agreement.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
224

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.2.5.2 Standard Due Date Intervals. Service intervals for LNP are described
below. These intervals include the time for Firm Order Confirmation (FOC). Orders
received after 7:00 p.m. (Mountain time) are considered the next business day. The
following service intervals have been established for LNP:
Telephone Numbers
To Port Interval*
Simple (1FR/1FB) 1-5 3 business days
(includes FOC
24 hr interval)
6-50 4 business days
(includes FOC
24 hr interval)
51 or more Project Basis
Complex (PBX 1-25 5 business days
Trunks, ISDN, (includes FOC
Centrex) 24 hr interval)
26 or more Project Basis
*Intervals for LNP with Unbundled Loops shall be governed by Section 9.2 of the
Agreement.
10.2.5.3 Most LNP order activity is flow-through, meaning that the ten (10) digit
unconditional trigger, or Line Side Attribute (LSA) trigger, can be set automatically.
CLEC may request any Due Date/Frame Due Time (DD/FDT) where the trigger can be
set automatically, although there may be some instances when Qwest or the Number
Portability Administration Center/Service Management System (NPAC/SMS) will provide
prior electronic notice of specific blocks of time which cannot be used as a DD/FDT due
to scheduled maintenance or other circumstances. If the DD/FDT on a flow-though cut
is outside Qwest's normal business hours for LNP, Qwest will have personnel available
in the repair center to assist in the event that CLEC experiences problems during the
cut. In addition, Qwest allows CLEC to request a managed cut on a 24 X 7 basis in
those situations where a cut would otherwise have been flow-through, but where CLEC
has a business need to have Qwest personnel dedicated to the cut. The terms and
conditions for managed cuts are described in 10.2.5.4.
10.2.5.3.1 Qwest will set the ten (10) digit unconditional trigger for
telephone numbers to be ported, unless technically infeasible, by 11:59 p.m.
(local time) on the business day preceding the scheduled port date. (A 10-digit
unconditional trigger cannot be set for DID services in AXE10 and DMS10 End
Office Switches thus managed cuts are required, at no charge.) The ten (10)
digit unconditional trigger and End Office Switch translations associated with the
End User Customer's telephone number will not be removed, nor will Qwest
disconnect the End User Customer's Billing and account information, until 11:59
p.m. (local time) of the next business day after the Due Date. CLEC is required
to make timely notifications of Due Date changes or cancellations by 8:00 p.m.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
225

Section 10
Ancillary Services
(mountain time) on the Due Date through a supplemental LSR order. In the
event CLEC does not make a timely notification, CLEC may submit a late
notification to Qwest as soon as possible but in no event later than 12:00 p.m.
(mountain time) the next business day after the Due Date to Qwest's
Interconnect Service Center in the manner set forth below. For a late notification
properly submitted, Qwest agrees to use its best efforts to ensure that the End
User Customer's service is not disconnected prior to 11:59 p.m. of the next
business day following the new Due Date or, in the case of a cancellation, no
disruption of the End User Customer's existing service. Late notifications must
be made by calling Qwest's Interconnect Service Center followed by CLEC
submitting a confirming supplemental LSR order.
10.2.5.4 LNP Managed Cut With CLEC-Provided Loop: A managed cut permits
CLEC to select a project managed cut for LNP. Managed cuts are offered on a 24 X 7
basis.
10.2.5.4.1 The date and time for the managed cut requires up-front
planning and may need to be coordinated between Qwest and CLEC. All
requests will be processed on a first come, first served basis and are subject to
Qwest's ability to meet a reasonable demand. Considerations such as system
downtime, Switch upgrades, Switch maintenance, and the possibility of other
CLECs requesting the same FDT in the same End Office Switch (Switch
contention) must be reviewed. In the event that any of these situations would
occur, Qwest will coordinate with CLEC for an agreed upon FDT, prior to issuing
the Firm Order Confirmation (FOC). In special cases where a FDT must be
agreed upon, the interval to reach agreement will not exceed two (2) days. In
addition, standard intervals will apply.
10.2.5.4.2 CLEC shall request a managed cut by submitting a Local
Service Request (LSR) and designating this order as a managed cut in the
remarks section of the LSR form.
10.2.5.4.3 CLEC will incur additional charges for the managed cut
dependent upon the FDT. The rates are based upon whether the request is
within Qwest's normal business hours or out of hours. Qwest's normal business
hours are 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., End User Customer local time, Monday through
Friday. The rate for managed cuts during normal business hours is the standard
rate. The rate for managed cuts out of hours, except for Sundays and Holidays,
is the overtime rate. Sundays and Holidays are at premium rate.
10.2.5.4.4 Charges for managed cuts shall be based upon actual hours
worked in one-half (½) hour increments. Exhibit A of this Agreement contains the
rates for managed cuts. CLEC understands and agrees that in the event CLEC
does not make payment for managed cuts, unless disputed as permitted under
Section 5.4 of this Agreement, Qwest shall not accept any new LSR requests for
managed cuts.
10.2.5.4.5 Qwest will schedule the appropriate number of employees prior
to the cut, normally not to exceed three (3) employees, based upon information
provided by CLEC. CLEC will also have appropriate personnel scheduled for the
negotiated FDT. If CLEC's information is modified during the cut, and, as a
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
226

Section 10
Ancillary Services
result, non-scheduled employees are required, CLEC shall be charged a three
(3) hour minimum callout charge per each additional non-scheduled employee. If
the cut is either cancelled, or supplemented to change the Due Date, within
twenty-four (24) hours of the negotiated FDT, CLEC will be charged a one
person three (3) hour minimum charge. If the cut is cancelled due to a Qwest
error or a new Due Date is requested by Qwest within twenty-four (24) hours of
the negotiated FDT, Qwest may be charged by CLEC one person three (3) hour
minimum charge as set forth in Exhibit A.
10.2.5.4.6 In the event that the LNP managed cut conversion is not
successful, CLEC and Qwest agree to isolate and fix the problem in a timeframe
acceptable to CLEC or the End User Customer. If the problem cannot be
corrected within an acceptable timeframe to CLEC or the End User Customer,
CLEC may request the restoral of Qwest service for the ported End User
Customer. Such restoration shall begin immediately upon request. If CLEC is in
error then a supplemental order shall be provided to Qwest. If Qwest is in error,
no supplemental order or additional order will be required of CLEC.
10.2.5.4.7 Qwest shall ensure that any LNP order activity requested in
conjunction with a managed cut shall be implemented in a manner that avoids
interrupting service to the End User Customer, including, without limitation,
ensuring that the End User Customer's Qwest Loop will not be disconnected prior
to confirmation that CLEC's Loop has been successfully installed.
10.2.6 Maintenance and Repair
10.2.6.1 Each Party is responsible for its own End User Customers and will have
the responsibility for resolution of any service trouble report(s) from its End User
Customers. End User Customers will be instructed to report all cases of trouble to their
Current Service Provider.
10.2.6.2 Each Party will provide its respective End User Customers the correct
telephone numbers to call for access to its respective repair bureau. Each Party will
provide its repair contact telephone numbers to one another on a reciprocal basis.
10.2.6.3 Qwest will work cooperatively with CLEC to isolate and resolve trouble
reports. When the trouble condition has been isolated and found to be within a portion
of the Qwest network, Qwest will perform standard tests and isolate and repair the
trouble within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt of the report.
10.2.6.4 Qwest will proactively test new Switch features and service offerings to
ensure there are no problems with either the porting of telephone numbers or calls from
Qwest End User Customers to CLEC End User Customers with ported telephone
numbers or vice versa.
10.2.7 Rate Elements
10.2.7.1 Qwest will comply with FCC and Commission rules on cost recovery for
Local Number Portability.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
227

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.3 911/E911 Service
10.3.1 Description
10.3.1.1 911 and E911 provides an End User Customer access to the applicable
emergency service bureau, where available, by dialing a 3-digit universal telephone
number (911).
10.3.1.2 Automatic Location Identification/Data Management System (ALI/DMS).
The ALI/DMS database contains End User Customer information (including name,
address, telephone number, and sometimes special information from the Current
Service Provider or End User Customer) used to determine to which Public Safety
Answering Point (PSAP) to route the call. The ALI/DMS database is used to provide
more routing flexibility for E911 calls than Basic 911.
10.3.1.3 Basic 911 directly connects to the PSAP all 911 calls from one or more
local exchange End Office Switches that serve a geographic area. E911 provides
additional Selective Routing flexibility for 911 calls. E911 uses End User Customer data,
contained in the ALI/DMS, to determine to which Public Safety Answering Point (PSAP)
to route the call.
10.3.2 Terms and Conditions
10.3.2.1 Qwest will provide nondiscriminatory access to the same Basic 911 or
Enhanced 911 features, functions and services that Qwest provides to its End User
Customers. E911 functions provided to CLEC shall be at the same level of accuracy
and reliability as for such support and services that Qwest provides to its End User
Customers for such similar functionality.
10.3.2.2 In counties where Qwest has obligations under existing agreements as
the primary provider of the 911 system to the county, CLEC will participate in the
provision of the 911 System as described in Section 10.3.
10.3.2.3 Qwest shall conform to all state regulations concerning emergency
services.
10.3.2.4 Qwest shall route E911 calls to the appropriate PSAP.
10.3.2.5 Each Party will be responsible for those portions of the 911 system for
which it has total control, including any necessary maintenance to each Party's portion of
the 911 system.
10.3.2.6 Qwest will provide CLEC with the identification of the Qwest 911
controlling office that serves each geographic area served by CLEC.
10.3.2.7 Qwest will provide CLEC with the ten-digit telephone numbers of each
PSAP agency, for which Qwest provides the 911 function, to be used by CLEC to
acquire emergency telephone numbers for operators to handle emergency calls in those
instances where CLEC's End User Customer dials "0" instead of "911". It shall be the
responsibility of CLEC to verify or confirm the appropriate use of the contact information
provided by Qwest with each PSAP prior to offering 911 calls or publication of such data.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
228

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.3.2.8 If a third party is the primary service provider to a county, CLEC will
negotiate separately with such third party with regard to the provision of 911 service to
the county. All relations between such third party and CLEC are separate from this
Agreement and Qwest makes no representations on behalf of the third party.
10.3.2.9 If CLEC is the primary service provider to the county, CLEC and Qwest
will negotiate the specific provisions necessary for providing 911 service to the county
and will include such provisions in an amendment to this Agreement.
10.3.2.10 CLEC will separately negotiate with each county regarding the collection
and reimbursement to the county of applicable End User Customer taxes for 911
service.
10.3.2.11 CLEC is responsible for network management of its network components
in compliance with the Network Reliability Council Recommendations and meeting the
network standard of Qwest for the 911 call delivery.
10.3.2.12 The Parties shall provide a single point of contact to coordinate all
activities under this Agreement.
10.3.2.13 Neither Party will reimburse the other for any expenses incurred in the
provision of E911 services. All costs incurred by the Parties for 911/E911 services shall
be billed to the appropriate PSAP.
10.3.2.14 Qwest's designated E911 database provider, an independent third party,
will be responsible for maintaining the E911 database. CLEC shall have non-
discriminatory unbundled access to the E911 database, including the listings of other
LECs for purposes of providing 911 services related to the public health, safety and
welfare.
10.3.3 E911 Database Updates
10.3.3.1 CLEC exchanges to be included in Qwest's E911 Database will be
indicated via written notice to the appropriate 911 authority (state agency or PSAP
administrator or county) and will not require an amendment to this Agreement.
10.3.3.2 Qwest's designated E911 database provider, an independent third party,
will be responsible for maintaining the E911 database. Qwest, or its designated
database provider, will provide to CLEC an initial copy of the most recent Master Street
Address Guide (MSAG), and subsequent versions on a quarterly basis, at no charge.
MSAGs provided outside the quarterly schedule will be provided and charged on an
Individual Case Basis. The data will be provided in computer readable format. Qwest
shall provide CLEC access to the Master Street Address Guide at a level of accuracy
and reliability that is equivalent to the access Qwest provides to itself.
10.3.4 E911 Database Updates for Facilities-Based CLECs
10.3.4.1 Qwest will ensure that the 911 database entries for CLEC will be
maintained with the same accuracy and reliability that Qwest maintains for Qwest's own
End User Customers.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
229

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.3.4.2 For Selective Routing table updates, facilities-based CLECs will negotiate
directly with Qwest's database provider for the input and validation of End User
Customer data into the Qwest Automatic Location Identification (ALI) database. CLEC
will negotiate directly with the PSAP (or PSAP agency's) DMS/ALI provider for input of
End User Customer data into the ALI database. In most cases the Selective Routing
table updates and the ALI database will be managed by the same provider. CLEC
assumes all responsibility for the accuracy of the data that CLEC provides for MSAG
preparation and E911 Database operation.
10.3.4.3 If it is facilities-based, CLEC will provide End User Customer data to
Qwest's agent for the Qwest ALI database utilizing NENA-02-010 Recommended
Formats and Protocols For ALI Data Exchange standards. Qwest will furnish CLEC any
variations to NENA recommendations required for ALI database input.
10.3.4.4 If it is facilities-based, CLEC will provide End User Customer data to
Qwest's database provider for Qwest's ALI database that is MSAG valid and meets all
components of the NENA-02-011 Recommended Data Standards for Local Exchange
Carriers, ALI Service Providers and 9-1-1 Jurisdictions standard format, as specified by
Qwest.
10.3.4.5 If it is facilities-based, CLEC will update its End User Customer records
provided to Qwest's database provider for Qwest's ALI database to agree with the 911
MSAG standards for its service areas.
10.3.4.6 Qwest's E911 database administrator, an independent third party, shall
resolve failed Local Number Portability migrate records in accordance with the NENA
standard, NENA-02-011 Sections 22B.1-2, for Qwest records where Qwest is the donor
company as defined in the NENA standard. The Qwest E911 database administrator
will compare CLEC's (i.e., recipient company as defined in the NENA standard) failed
migrate records to the Regional Number Portability Administration Center's (NPAC)
database once each business day to determine if the migrate record (i.e., ported
telephone number) has been activated by the recipient company. If the migrate record
has been activated by CLEC in the NPAC, the record shall be unlocked and the migrate
record processed. If, at the end of ten (10) business days, the NPAC database does not
show the migrate record as activated or the record owner identification does not match,
the migrate record will be rejected. The E911 database administrator will send reports
regarding CLEC's failed migrate records (i.e., 755 error code) and rejected migrate
records (i.e., 760 error code) to CLEC or CLEC's designated database administrator.
Qwest's E911 database administrator will also resolve failed migrate records for CLEC, if
valid based on the NPAC database.
10.3.5 E911 Database Updates for Resale Based CLECs
10.3.5.1 For resold services, Qwest, or its designated database provider, will
provide updates to the ALI database in a manner that is at the same level of accuracy
and reliability as such updates are provided for Qwest's End User Customers. For
resold accounts, CLEC shall provide Qwest with accurate End User Customer location
information to be updated to the ALI/DMS database. Qwest shall use its current process
to update and maintain End User Customer information in the ALI/DMS database.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
230

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.3.6 E911 Database Accuracy
10.3.6.1 E911 Database accuracy shall be measured jointly by the PSAPs and
Qwest's database provider in a format supplied by Qwest. The reports shall be
forwarded to CLEC by Qwest's database provider when relevant and will indicate
incidents when incorrect or no ALI data is displayed. The reports provided to CLEC shall
contain CLEC-specific information regarding CLEC's accounts.
10.3.6.2 Each discrepancy report will be jointly researched by Qwest and CLEC.
Corrective action will be taken immediately by the responsible Party.
10.3.6.3 Each Party providing updates to the E911 database will be responsible
for the accuracy of its End User Customer records. Each Party providing updates
specifically agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other Party from any claims,
damages, or suits related to the accuracy of End User Customer data provided for
inclusion in the E911 Database.
10.3.6.4 Qwest and its vendor will provide non-discriminatory error correction for
records submitted to the Automatic Location Identification (ALI) database. For resold
accounts, if vendor detects errors, it will attempt to correct them. If vendor is unable to
correct the error, vendor will contact Qwest for error resolution. For errors referred to
Qwest, Qwest will provide the corrections in a non-discriminatory manner. If Qwest is
unable to resolve the error, Qwest will contact the Resale-CLEC for resolution. In the
case of facilities-based CLECs, the vendor will interface directly with CLEC to resolve
record errors.
10.3.7 E911 Interconnection
10.3.7.1 If required by CLEC, Qwest shall interconnect direct trunks from CLEC's
network to the Basic 911 PSAP, or the E911 tandem. Such trunks may alternatively be
provided by CLEC. If provided by Qwest, such trunks will be provided on a non-
discriminatory basis. Qwest shall provide special protection identification for CLEC 911
circuits in the same manner as Qwest provides for its 911 circuits.
10.3.7.1.1 The Parties shall establish a minimum of two (2) dedicated trunks
from CLEC's Central Office to each Qwest 911/E911 Selective Router (i.e., 911
Tandem Office) that serves the areas in which CLEC provides Exchange
Service, for the provision of 911/E911 services and for access to all subtending
PSAPs (911 Interconnection Trunk Groups). CLEC can order diverse routing for
911/E911 circuits, if facilities are available. When Qwest facilities are available,
Qwest will comply with diversity of facilities and systems as ordered by CLEC.
Where there is alternate routing of 911/E911 calls to a PSAP in the event of
failures, Qwest shall make that alternate routing available to CLEC.
10.3.7.1.2 911 Interconnection Trunk Groups must be, at a minimum, DS0
level trunks configured as a 2-wire analog interface or as part of a digital (1.544
Mbps) interface. Either configuration must use Centralized Automatic Message
Accounting (CAMA) type signaling with MF tones that will deliver Automatic
Number Identification (ANI) with the voice portion of the call, or Signaling System
7 (SS7) if available (i.e., other signaling technology as available). All 911
Interconnection trunk groups must be capable of transmitting and receiving
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
231

Section 10
Ancillary Services
Baudot code necessary to support the use of Telecommunications Devices for
the Deaf (TTY/TDDs).
10.3.7.1.3 Qwest shall begin restoration of 911/E911 trunking facilities
immediately upon notification of failure or outage. Qwest must provide priority
restoration of trunks or network outages on the same terms and conditions it
provides itself. CLEC will be responsible for the isolation, coordination, and
restoration of all 911 network maintenance problems to CLEC's demarcation.
Qwest will be responsible for the coordination and restoration of all 911 network
maintenance problems beyond the demarcation. Qwest repair service includes
testing and diagnostic service from a remote location, dispatch of or in-person
visit(s) of personnel. Where an on-site technician is determined to be required, a
technician will be dispatched without delay. CLEC is responsible for advising
Qwest of the circuit identification when notifying Qwest of a failure or outage.
The Parties agree to work cooperatively and expeditiously to resolve any 911
outage. Qwest will refer network trouble to CLEC if no defect is found in Qwest's
network. The Parties agree that 911 network problem resolution will be managed
in an expeditious manner at all times.
10.3.7.2 For CLEC-identified 911 trunk blockages, Qwest agrees to take corrective
action using the same trunking service procedures used for Qwest's own E911 trunk
groups.
10.3.7.3 The Parties will cooperate in the routing of 911 traffic in those instances
where the ALI/ANI information is not available on a particular 911 call.
10.3.7.4 For facilities-based CLEC using its own switch(es), Qwest shall provide
911 Interconnection, including the provision of dedicated trunks from CLEC End Office
Switch to the 911 control office, at Parity with what Qwest provides itself.
10.3.7.5 For CLEC's resale local exchange lines, Qwest shall provide access to
the same 911 trunks used for Qwest's retail End User Customers which extend from the
Qwest End Office Switch to the Basic 911 PSAP or the E911 Tandem Switch. CLEC
access to such 911 trunks shall be on a shared, non-discriminatory basis.
10.3.8 E911 and Number Portability
10.3.8.1 When a Qwest telephone number is ported out, receiving CLEC shall be
responsible to update the ALI/DMS database. When CLEC’s telephone number is
ported in, Qwest shall be responsible to update the ALI/DMS database.
10.4 White Pages Directory Listings Service
10.4.1 Description
White Pages Directory Listings Service consists of Qwest placing the names, addresses and
telephone numbers of CLEC's End User Customers in Qwest's Listings database, based on End
User Customer information provided to Qwest by CLEC. Qwest is authorized to use CLEC End
User Customer Listings as noted below.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
232

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.4.2 Terms and Conditions
10.4.2.0 White Pages Directory Listings Service is provided to reseller CLEC with
CLEC’s resold local exchange lines, and such Listings include terms and conditions
(except prices) for Listings in Qwest's applicable product Tariffs, catalogs, price lists, or
other retail Telecommunications Services offerings. To the extent, however, that a
conflict arises between the terms and conditions of the Tariff, catalog, price list, or other
retail Telecommunications Services offering and this Agreement, this Agreement shall
be controlling. White Pages Directory Listings Service is available to facilities-based
CLEC as described in this Section.
10.4.2.1 Reseller CLEC and facilities-based CLEC using Qwest's switching
services to provide local Exchange Service will provide, and facilities-based CLEC using
its own or a third party's Switch(es) may provide, to Qwest, in standard format, by
mechanized or by manual transmission to Qwest, its primary, premium and privacy
Listings.
10.4.2.1.1 Qwest will accept one (1) primary Listing for each main telephone
number belonging to CLEC's resale and facilities-based End User Customers at
no monthly recurring charge.
10.4.2.1.2 CLEC will be charged for its resale premium Listings (e.g.,
additional, foreign, cross-reference) and privacy Listings (i.e., nonlisted and
nonpublished) at Qwest's General Exchange Listing Tariff rates, less the
wholesale discount, if any, as described in Exhibit A. CLEC will be charged for
its facilities-based premium Listings (e.g., additional, foreign, cross-reference)
and privacy Listings (i.e., nonlisted and nonpublished) at market-based prices
contained in Exhibit A. Primary Listings and other types of Listings are defined in
the Qwest General Exchange Tariffs.
10.4.2.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.4.2.3 Information on submitting and updating Listings is available in "Facility
Based CLECs and Reseller/Unbundled Network CLECs Directory Listings User
Document." Qwest will furnish CLEC Listings format specifications. Directory publishing
schedules and deadlines for Qwest's official directory publisher will be provided to
CLEC.
10.4.2.4 If CLEC provides its End User Customer's Listings to Qwest, CLEC
grants Qwest access to CLEC's End User Customer Listings information for use in its
Directory Assistance Service as described in Section 10.5, and in its Directory
Assistance List Service as described in Section 10.6, and for other lawful purposes,
except that CLEC's Listings supplied to Qwest by CLEC and marked as nonpublished or
nonlisted Listings shall not be used for marketing purposes subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement. Qwest will incorporate CLEC End User Customer Listings
in the Directory Assistance Database. Qwest will incorporate CLEC's End User
Customer Listings information in all existing and future Directory Assistance applications
developed by Qwest. Should Qwest cease to be a Telecommunications Carrier, by
virtue of a divestiture, merger or other transaction, this access grant automatically
terminates.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
233

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.4.2.5 CLEC End User Customer Listings will be treated the same as Qwest's
End User Customer Listings. Prior written authorization from CLEC, which authorization
may be withheld, shall be required for Qwest to sell, make available, or release CLEC's
End User Customer Listings to directory publishers, or other third parties other than
Directory Assistance providers. No prior authorization from CLEC shall be required for
Qwest to sell, make available, or release CLEC's End User Customer Directory
Assistance Listings to Directory Assistance providers. Listings shall not be provided or
sold in such a manner as to segregate End User Customers by Carrier. Qwest will not
charge CLEC for updating and maintaining Qwest's Listings databases. CLEC will not
receive compensation from Qwest for any sale of Listings by Qwest as provided for
under this Agreement.
10.4.2.6 To the extent that state Tariff(s) limit Qwest's liability with regard to
Listings, the applicable state Tariff(s) is incorporated herein and supersedes the
Limitation of Liability section of this Agreement with respect to Listings only.
10.4.2.7 Qwest is responsible for maintaining Listings, including entering,
changing, correcting, rearranging and removing Listings in accordance with CLEC
orders.
10.4.2.8 Qwest provides non-discriminatory appearance and integration of white
pages directory Listings for all CLEC's and Qwest's End User Customers. All requests
for white pages directory listings, whether for CLEC or Qwest End User Customers,
follow the same processes for entry into the Listings database.
10.4.2.9 Qwest will take reasonable steps in accordance with industry practices to
accommodate CLEC's nonpublished and nonlisted Listings provided that CLEC has
supplied Qwest the necessary privacy indicators on such Listings.
10.4.2.10 CLEC's white pages directory listings will be in the same font and size as
Listings for Qwest End User Customers, and will not be separately classified.
10.4.2.11 Qwest processes for publication of white pages Directory Listings will
make no distinction between CLEC's and Qwest's subscribers. CLEC's Listings will be
provided with the same accuracy and reliability as Qwest's End User Customer Listings.
Qwest will ensure CLEC's Listings provided to Qwest are included in the white pages
directory published on Qwest's behalf using the same methods and procedures, and
under the same terms and conditions, as Qwest uses for its own End User Customer
Listings.
10.4.2.12 For CLEC's End User Customers whose Listings CLEC provides to
Qwest for submission to its official directory publisher, Qwest shall ensure its third party
publisher distributes appropriate alphabetical and classified directories (white and yellow
pages) and recycling services to such CLEC End User Customers at Parity with Qwest
End User Customers, including providing directories a) upon establishment of new
service; b) during annual mass distribution; and c) upon End User Customer request.
10.4.2.13 CLEC shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Listings
provided to Qwest are accurate and complete. All third party Listings information is
provided AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS. CLEC further represents that it shall review all
Listings information provided to Qwest, including End User Customer requested
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
234

Section 10
Ancillary Services
restrictions on use, such as nonpublished and nonlisted restrictions.
10.4.2.14 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.4.2.15 CLEC shall be solely responsible for knowing and adhering to state laws
or rulings regarding Listings and for supplying Qwest with the applicable Listing
information. Qwest understands that certain states, including, but not necessarily limited
to, Minnesota, South Dakota, and Washington, have enacted statutes that impose
certain requirements upon the provision of wireless listings, and CLEC represents and
warrants that listings CLEC submits to Qwest reflect and are provided in full compliance
with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, laws and regulations
applicable to wireless listings.
10.4.2.16 CLEC agrees to provide to Qwest its End User Customer names,
addresses and telephone numbers in a standard mechanized or manual format, as
specified by Qwest.
10.4.2.17 CLEC will supply its ACNA/CIC or CLCC/OCN, as appropriate, with each
order to provide Qwest the means of identifying Listings ownership.
10.4.2.18 Prior to placing Listings orders on behalf of End User Customers, CLEC
shall be responsible for obtaining, and have in its possession, Proof of Authorization
(POA), as set forth in Section 5.3 of this Agreement.
10.4.2.19 For Listings that CLEC submits to Qwest, Qwest will provide monthly
Listing verification proofs that provide the data to be displayed in the published white
pages directory and available on Qwest's Directory Assistance Service. Verification
proofs containing nonpublished and nonlisted Listings are also available upon request
on the same monthly schedule.
10.4.2.20 Qwest will provide CLEC a reasonable opportunity to verify the accuracy
of its Listings to be included in the white pages directory and in Qwest's Directory
Assistance Service.
10.4.2.21 CLEC may review and if necessary edit its white page Listings prior to the
close date for publication in the directory.
10.4.2.22 CLEC is responsible for all dealings with, and on behalf of, CLEC's End
User Customers, including:
10.4.2.22.1 All End User Customer account activity (e.g., End User
Customer queries and complaints);
10.4.2.22.2 All account maintenance activity (e.g., additions, changes,
issuance of orders for Listings to Qwest);
10.4.2.22.3 Determining privacy requirements and accurately coding the
privacy indicators for CLEC's End User Customer information (if End User
Customer information provided by CLEC to Qwest does not contain a privacy
indicator, no privacy restrictions will apply); and
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
235

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.4.2.22.4 Any additional services requested by CLEC's End User
Customers.
10.4.2.23 Pursuant to Sections 222 (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e) of the
Telecommunications Act, Qwest will provide subscriber list information gathered in
Qwest's capacity as a provider of local Exchange Service on a timely basis, under non-
discriminatory and reasonable rates, terms and conditions to CLEC upon request for the
purpose of publishing directories in any format. Rates may be subject to federal or state
law or rules, as appropriate. Upon request by CLEC, Qwest shall enter into negotiations
with CLEC for CLEC's use of subscriber list information for purposes other than
publishing directories, and Qwest and CLEC will enter into a written contract if
agreement is reached for such use.
10.4.2.23.1 Qwest shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that
its retail End User Customer Listings provided to CLEC are accurate and
complete. Any third party Listings are provided AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS.
Qwest further represents that it shall review all its retail End User Customer
Listings information provided to CLEC including End User Customer requested
restrictions on use, such as nonpublished and nonlisted restrictions.
10.4.2.24 Qwest represents and warrants that any arrangement for the publication
of white pages Directory Listings with an Affiliate or contractor, requires such Affiliate or
contractor to publish the Directory Listings of CLEC contained in Qwest's Listings
database so that CLEC's Directory Listings are non-discriminatory in appearance and
integration, and have the same accuracy and reliability that such Affiliate or contractor
provides to Qwest's End User Customers.
10.4.2.25 Qwest further agrees that any arrangements for the publication of white
pages Directory Listings with an Affiliate or contractor shall require such Affiliate or
contractor to include in the customer guide pages of the white pages directory, a notice
that End User Customers should contact their Current Service Provider to request any
modifications to their existing Listing or to request a new Listing.
10.4.2.26 Qwest agrees that any arrangement with an Affiliate or contractor for the
publication of white pages directory Listings shall require such Affiliate or contractor to
provide CLEC space in the customer guide pages of the white pages directory for the
purpose of notifying End User Customers how to reach CLEC to: (1) request service; (2)
contact repair service; (3) dial Directory Assistance; (4) reach an account representative;
(5) request buried cable locate service; and (6) contact the special needs center for End
User Customers with disabilities.
10.4.2.27 If CLEC submits its End User Customer Listings to Qwest through a
service bureau or other type of third party (agent), CLEC and the agent shall execute a
Letter of Authorization (LOA), in a form acceptable to Qwest, that shall include, but not
be limited to, the following terms:
10.4.2.27.1 That the agent is authorized by CLEC to submit Listings to Qwest
on its behalf and to work with Qwest in resolving any issues surrounding its
Listing submissions; and
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
236

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.4.2.27.2 That the agent will comply with all terms and conditions of this
Agreement in submitting CLEC's End User Customers' Listings to Qwest.
10.4.2.27.3 CLEC's use of an agent in submitting its End User Customers' Listings to
Qwest shall not alter CLEC's obligations under this Agreement and CLEC shall remain
primarily liable for covenants and responsibilities under this Agreement.
10.4.3 Rate Elements
The following rate elements apply to white pages directory Listings and are contained in Exhibit
A of this Agreement.
10.4.3.1 Primary Listings; and
10.4.3.2 Premium and Privacy Listings.
10.4.4 Ordering Process
10.4.4.1 Qwest provides training on white pages directory Listings requests and
submission processes. The ordering process is similar to the service ordering process.
10.4.4.2 CLEC Listings can be submitted for inclusion in Qwest white pages
directories according to the directions in the Qwest Listings User Documents for Facility-
Based and Reseller CLECs, which is available on-line through the PCAT
(http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/pcat/) or will be provided in hard copy to CLEC upon
request. Initial information and directions are available in the PCAT.
10.4.4.3 CLEC can submit the OBF forms incorporated in the Local Service
Request via the IMA-EDI, IMA-GUI, or by facsimile.
10.5 Directory Assistance Service
10.5.1 Description
10.5.1.1 Directory Assistance Service is a voice service that Qwest provides to its
own End User Customers, reseller and/or facilities-based CLEC, and to other
Telecommunications Carriers. Directory Assistance Service provided to CLEC includes
non-discriminatory access to Qwest's Directory Assistance centers, services, and
Directory Assistance Databases. Directory Assistance Service provides voice callers
published and nonlisted listing information, which is comprised of name and telephone
number, and address if available, as contained in Qwest's then-current Directory
Assistance Database and in the national Directory Assistance Database that is accessed
by Qwest. Directory Assistance Service is available with CLEC-specific branding,
generic branding and with Directory Assistance Call Completion service options, where
available. If facilities-based CLEC chooses to access Qwest's Directory Assistance
Service, it is provided to CLEC under this Agreement pursuant to Section 251(b)(3) of
the Act. As such, the pricing requirements of Section 252(d)(1) of the Act are not
applicable.
10.5.1.1.1 Directory Assistance Service.
10.5.1.1.1.1 Local Directory Assistance Service. Provides
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
237

Section 10
Ancillary Services
CLEC's End User Customers published and non-listed Listing information
within the caller's LATA that are included in Qwest's then-current
Directory Assistance Database.
10.5.1.1.1.2 National Directory Assistance Service. Provides
CLEC's End User Customers published and nonlisted listing information
from the database of the national Directory Assistance Services vendor
selected and accessed by Qwest.
10.5.1.1.1.3 Call Branding Service. Provides CLEC Local and
national Directory Assistance Service that is branded with the brand of
CLEC (CLEC-specific branding), where Technically Feasible, or with a
generic brand. CLEC-specific Call Branding announces CLEC's name to
CLEC's End User Customer at the start and completion of the call.
Generic branding does not announce any provider's name. CLEC-
specific Call Branding and generic branding are optional services
available to CLEC.
a) Front End CLEC-specific Call Branding - Announces
CLEC's name to CLEC's End User Customer at the start of the
call.
b) Back End CLEC-specific Call Branding - Announces
CLEC's name to CLEC's End User Customer at the completion of
the call.
c) Intentionally Left Blank.
d) Qwest will record CLEC's specific brand message.
10.5.1.1.1.4 Call completion service allows CLEC's End User
Customers' local/intraLATA calls to be completed, where available.
10.5.1.1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.5.1.1.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.5.2 Terms and Conditions
10.5.2.0 Directory Assistance Service accessed over CLEC's resold local
exchange lines includes terms and conditions (except prices) for Directory Assistance
Service in Qwest's applicable product Tariffs, catalogs, price lists, or other retail
Telecommunications Services offerings. To the extent, however, that a conflict arises
between the terms and conditions of the Tariff, catalog, price list, or other retail
Telecommunications Services offering and this Agreement, this Agreement shall be
controlling. Directory Assistance Service is available to facilities-based CLEC as
described in this Section unless otherwise noted. If facilities-based CLEC chooses to
access Qwest's Directory Assistance Service, it is provided to CLEC under this
Agreement pursuant to Section 251(b)(3) of the Act. As such, the pricing requirements
of Section 252(d)(1) of the Act are not applicable. Directory Assistance Service is
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
238

Section 10
Ancillary Services
available to CLEC as a facilities-based provider at the market-based prices contained in
Exhibit A.
10.5.2.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.5.2.2 Qwest's Directory Assistance Database contains only those published
and non-listed telephone number Listings obtained by Qwest from its own End User
Customers and other Telecommunications Carriers.
10.5.2.3 Qwest will provide access to Directory Assistance Service for facilities-
based CLEC using its own or a third party's Switch(es) via dedicated multi-frequency
(MF) operator service trunks. CLEC may purchase operator service trunks from Qwest
or provide them itself. These operator service trunks will be connected directly to a
Qwest Directory Assistance host or remote Switch. CLEC will be required to order or
provide at least one (1) operator services trunk for each NPA served.
10.5.2.4 Qwest will perform Directory Assistance Services for CLEC in accordance
with operating methods, practices, and standards in effect for all Qwest End User
Customers. Qwest will provide the same priority of handling for CLEC's End User
Customer calls to Qwest's Directory Assistance Service as it provides for its own End
User Customer calls. Calls to Qwest's Directory Assistance Service are handled on a
first come, first served basis, without regard to whether calls are originated by CLEC or
Qwest End User Customers.
10.5.2.5 CLEC-specific Call Branding for Directory Assistance requires recording
CLEC's name.
10.5.2.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.5.2.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.5.2.8 Reseller CLEC's End User Customers will use the same dialing pattern to
access Directory Assistance Service as used by Qwest's End User Customers (i.e., 411,
555-1212, or NPA+555-1212).
10.5.2.9 Facilities-based CLEC using its own or a third party's Switch(es) may
choose to have its End User Customers dial a unique number or use the same dialing
pattern as Qwest End User Customers use to access Qwest Directory Assistance
Service.
10.5.2.10 Qwest will timely enter into its directory assistance database updates of
CLEC's Listings that CLEC provides to Qwest as described in Section 10.4. Qwest will
incorporate CLEC End User Customer Listings in the Directory Assistance Database.
Qwest will incorporate CLEC's End User Customer Listings information in all existing
and future Directory Assistance applications developed by Qwest. Qwest will implement
quality assurance procedures such as random testing for listing accuracy. Qwest will
identify itself to End User Customers calling its Directory Assistance Service provided for
itself either by company name or operating company name or operating company
number so that End User Customers have a means to identify with whom they are
dealing.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
239

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.5.2.10.1 In accordance with Section 18, where CLEC supplies its Listings
to Qwest, CLEC may request a comprehensive audit of Qwest's use of CLEC's
Listings for Directory Assistance Service. In addition to the terms specified in
Section 18, the following also apply: as used herein, "Audit" shall mean a
comprehensive review of the other Party's delivery and use of the Listings for
Directory Assistance Service provided hereunder and such other Party's
performance of its obligations under this Agreement. CLEC may perform up to
two (2) audits per twelve (12) month period commencing with the Effective Date
of this Agreement of Qwest's use of CLEC's Listings in Qwest's Directory
Assistance Service. CLEC shall be entitled to "seed" or specially code some or
all of the Listings for Directory Assistance Service that it provides hereunder in
order to trace such information during an Audit and ensure compliance with the
disclosure and use restrictions set forth in this Agreement.
10.5.2.11 Qwest shall use CLEC's Listings supplied to Qwest by CLEC under the
terms of this Agreement for purposes of providing Directory Assistance Service and for
other lawful purposes, except that CLEC's Listings supplied to Qwest by CLEC and
marked as nonpublished or nonlisted Listings shall not be used for marketing purposes,
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
10.5.3 Rate Elements
The following rate elements apply to Directory Assistance Service. Directory Assistance
Service is provided to CLEC for resale with resold local exchange lines at the Qwest retail price
less the wholesale discount contained in Exhibit A, if any. Directory Assistance Service is
provided to CLEC as a facilities-based provider at the market-based prices contained in Exhibit
A.
10.5.3.1 A per-call rate applies for Local Directory Assistance and for national
Directory Assistance Services.
10.5.3.2 Intentionally Left Blank
10.5.3.3 A per-call rate is applicable for call completion service.
10.5.4 Ordering Process
CLEC will order Directory Assistance Service by completing the questionnaire entitled "Qwest
Operator Services/Directory Assistance Questionnaire for Competitive Local Exchange
Carriers." This questionnaire may be obtained from CLEC's Qwest account manager.
10.5.5 Billing
10.5.5.1 Qwest will track and bill CLEC for the number of calls placed to Qwest's
Directory Assistance Service by CLEC's End User Customers as well as for the number
of requests for call completion service.
10.5.5.2 For purposes of determining when CLEC is obligated to pay the per call
rate, the call shall be deemed made and CLEC shall be obligated to pay when the call is
received by the operator services Switch. An End User Customer may request and
receive no more than two (2) telephone numbers per Directory Assistance call. Qwest
will not credit, rebate or waive the per call charge due to any failure to provide a
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
240

Section 10
Ancillary Services
telephone number.
10.5.5.3 Call completion service will be charged at the per call rate when the End
User Customer completes the required action (i.e., "press the number one," "stay on the
line," etc.).
10.6 Directory Assistance List
10.6.1 Description
10.6.1.1 Directory Assistance List (DAL) information consists of name, address
and telephone number information for all End User Customers of Qwest and other LECs
that are contained in Qwest's Directory Assistance Database and, where available,
related elements required in the provision of Directory Assistance Service to CLEC's End
User Customers. No prior authorization from CLEC shall be required for Qwest to sell,
make available, or release CLEC's End User Customer Directory Assistance Listings to
Directory Assistance providers. In the case of End User Customers who have non-
published Listings, Qwest shall provide the End User Customer's local Numbering Plan
Area (NPA), address, and an indicator to identify the non-published status of the Listing;
however, Qwest will not provide the non-published telephone number in DAL
information. DAL information includes privacy and use restriction indicators as
requested by Qwest's retail End User Customers and by Carriers. DAL is provided
pursuant to Section 251(b)(3) of the Act. As such, the pricing requirements of Section
252(d)(1) of the Act are not applicable. DAL shall be provided to CLEC at market-based
prices contained in Exhibit A.
10.6.1.2 Qwest will provide DAL information via initial loads and daily updates by
means of Network Data Mover (NDM) or as otherwise mutually agreed upon by the
Parties. Qwest will provide all changes, additions or deletions to the DAL information
overnight on a daily basis. The Parties will use a mutually agreed upon format for the
data loads.
10.6.1.3 DAL information shall specify whether the Qwest End User Customer is a
residential, business, or government subscriber, and the Listings of other Carriers will
specify such information where it has been provided on the Carrier's Listing order.
10.6.1.4 In the event CLEC requires a reload of DAL information from Qwest's
database in order to validate, synchronize or reconcile its database, a reload will be
made available according to the rate specified in Exhibit A.
10.6.1.5 Qwest and CLEC will cooperate in the designation of a location to which
the data will be provided.
10.6.2 Terms and Conditions
10.6.2.1 If CLEC purchases use of Qwest's DAL information under this
Agreement, Qwest grants to CLEC, as a competing provider of telephone Exchange
Service and telephone toll service, access to DAL information for purposes of providing
Directory Assistance Services and for other lawful purposes, including directory
publishing in any format or medium, under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
CLEC is solely responsible for its lawful use of DAL information obtained under this
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
241

Section 10
Ancillary Services
Agreement pursuant to Section 251(b)(3) of the Act, including use of such information
only for purposes permitted, or not prohibited by, the Act, federal and state laws, rules,
and regulations, the FCC's orders, rules and regulations, and the Commission's orders,
rules, and regulations. As it pertains to the use of DAL information in this Agreement,
"Directory Assistance Service" shall mean the provision, by CLEC, via a live operator or
mechanized system, of telephone number and address information for an identified
name or the name and/or address for an identified telephone number. Should CLEC
cease to be a Telecommunications Carrier, a competing provider of telephone Exchange
Service, or telephone toll service, this access grant automatically terminates.
10.6.2.1.1 Qwest shall make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
that Listings belonging to Qwest retail End User Customers provided to CLEC in
Qwest's DAL information are accurate and complete. All third party DAL
information is provided AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS. Qwest further represents that
it shall review all of its End User Customer Listings information provided to
CLEC, including End User Customer requested restrictions on use, such as non-
published and non-listed restrictions.
10.6.2.1.2 If CLEC purchases use of Qwest's DAL information under this
Agreement, Qwest shall notify CLEC of any directive from Carriers, whose
listings may be included in Qwest's DAL information, which prohibits use of their
DAL information for purposes of directory publishing. CLEC that purchases use
of Qwest's DAL information shall not include such Carrier's Listings that may be
included in the DAL information in any directory it publishes or causes to be
published, in any format or medium.
10.6.2.1.3 Listings included in Qwest's DAL information and marked to
indicate a restriction on use, or to indicate a restriction on inclusion of Listing
information in Directory Assistance Service applications and/or in published
directories, shall be used by CLEC only in a manner that is consistent with each
such restriction and that does not violate a restriction, including the following.
10.6.2.1.3.1 Restriction indicators on DAL information include:
 Privacy indicators, including nonpublished and nonlisted
indicators;
 No solicitation indicators;
 Omit from address directories indicators; and
 Omit from telemarketing, direct mail, and e-mail lists indicators.
10.6.2.1.3.2 Nonlisted Listings and nonpublished Listings shall not be
included in any directory produced in any format or medium.
10.6.2.1.3.3 Nonpublished Listings information provided in DAL
information shall not be used for any purpose except for providing
Directory Assistance Services. When used in Directory Assistance
Services applications, nonpublished Listings shall not be used for any
purpose other than in matching a search query. The nonpublished
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
242

Section 10
Ancillary Services
subscriber name and address, while supplied to CLEC in DAL
information, shall not be provided to any person other than the operator
responding to the End User Customer Directory Assistance Services
query.
10.6.2.2 If CLEC purchases use of DAL information under this Agreement, CLEC
will obtain and timely enter into its Directory Assistance Database daily updates of the
DAL information, will implement quality assurance procedures such as random testing
for Directory Assistance Listing accuracy, and will identify itself to End User Customers
calling its Directory Assistance Service either by company name or operating company
number so that End User Customers have a means to identify with whom they are
dealing.
10.6.2.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.6.2.4 Qwest shall retain all right, title, interest and ownership in and to the DA
Listing information it provides hereunder. CLEC acknowledges and understands that
while it may disclose the names, addresses, and telephone numbers (or an indication of
non-published status) of Qwest's End User Customers to a third party calling its
Directory Assistance for such information, the fact that such End User Customer
subscribes to Qwest's Telecommunications Services is Confidential and Proprietary
Information and shall not be disclosed to any third party.
10.6.2.5 Each Party shall take commercially reasonable and prudent measures to
prevent unlawful use of Qwest's DAL information at least equal to the measures it takes
to protect its own Confidential and Proprietary Information, including but not limited to
implementing adequate computer security measures to prevent unauthorized access to
Qwest's DAL information when contained in any database.
10.6.2.5.0 CLEC shall include in its sublicense agreement with directory
publishers, at a minimum; 1) a restriction limiting use of DAL information to
purposes of directory publishing; 2) a requirement that the directory publisher
abide by all privacy indicators in any directories published in any format or
medium; 3) Qwest as third party beneficiary; and 4) the following language:
Publisher shall not sublicense, copy, or allow any third party, with the
exception of End User Customers and corporate affiliates for purposes
associated with the use of directories and for publishing directories, to
access, down load, copy or use DAL information, or any portions thereof,
or any information extracted there from. Each Party shall take
commercially reasonable and prudent measures to prevent disclosure
and unauthorized use of the DAL information at least equal to the
measures it takes to protect its own confidential and proprietary
information, including but not limited to implementing adequate computer
security measures to prevent unauthorized access to the DAL information
when contained in any database.
10.6.2.5.0.1 Qwest shall have the right to review CLEC's form
sublicense agreement and CLEC shall not make changes to that form
which will materially affect Qwest's rights under this Agreement.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
243

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.6.2.5.1 Unauthorized use of Qwest's DAL information, or any disclosure
to a third party of the fact that an End User Customer, whose Listing is furnished
in the DA List, subscribes to Qwest's, another Local Exchange Carrier's,
Reseller's or CMRS's Telecommunications Services shall be considered a
material breach of this Agreement and shall be resolved under the Dispute
Resolution provisions of this Agreement.
10.6.2.6 Within five (5) Days after the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement, CLEC shall (a) return and cease using any and all DAL information which it
has in its possession or control, (b) extract and expunge any and all copies of such DAL
information, any portions thereof, and any and all information extracted therefrom, from
its files and records, whether in print or electronic form or in any other media
whatsoever, and (c) provide a written certification to Qwest from an officer that all of the
foregoing actions have been completed. A copy of this certification may be provided to
third party Carriers if the certification pertains to such Carriers' DAL information
contained in Qwest's database.
10.6.2.7 CLEC is responsible for ensuring that it has proper security measures in
place to protect the privacy of the End User Customer information contained within the
DAL information. CLEC must remove from its database any telephone number for an
End User Customer whose Listing has become non-published when so notified by
Qwest.
10.6.2.8 Audits -- In accordance with Section 18, Qwest may request a
comprehensive audit of CLEC's use of the DAL information. In addition to the terms
specified in Section 18, the following also apply:
10.6.2.8.1 As used herein, "Audit" shall mean a comprehensive review of
the other Party's delivery and use of the DAL information provided hereunder and
such other Party's performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Either
Party (the Requesting Party) may perform up to two (2) Audits per twelve (12)
month period commencing with the Effective Date of this Agreement. Qwest
shall be entitled to "seed" or specially code some or all of the DAL information
that it provides hereunder in order to trace such information during an Audit and
ensure compliance with the disclosure and use restrictions set forth in this
Section 10.6.
10.6.2.8.2 All paper and electronic records will be subject to Audit.
10.6.2.9 CLEC recognizes that certain Carriers who have provided DAL
information that is included in Qwest's database may be third party beneficiaries of this
Agreement for purposes of enforcing any terms and conditions of the Agreement other
than payment terms with respect to their DAL information.
10.6.2.9.1 CLEC indemnifies Qwest for any and all loss, debt, liability,
damage, obligation, claim, demand, judgment, or settlement of any nature or
kind, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated including, but not limited to,
reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) raised by these
Carriers, whether formal or informal and will handle all communications with
these Carriers regarding this matter.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
244

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.6.2.10 Qwest will provide a non-discriminatory process and procedure for
contacting End User Customers with non-published telephone numbers in emergency
situations for non-published telephone numbers that are included in Qwest's Directory
Assistance Database. Such process and procedure will be available to CLEC for
CLEC's use when CLEC provides its own Directory Assistance Service and purchases
Qwest's DAL product.
10.6.3 Rate Elements
Recurring and nonrecurring rate elements for DAL information are described below and rates
are contained in Exhibit A of this Agreement.
10.6.3.1 Initial Database Load -- A "snapshot" of data in the Qwest DAL
information database or portion of the database at the time the order is received.
10.6.3.2 Reload -- A "snapshot" of the data in the Qwest DAL information
database or portion of the database required in order to refresh the data in CLEC's
database.
10.6.3.3 Daily Updates -- Daily change activity affecting DAL information in the
Listings database.
10.6.3.4 One-Time Set-Up Fees -- Charges for special database loads.
10.6.3.5 Output Charges -- Media charges resulting from the electronic
transmission of the DAL information.
10.6.4 Ordering
10.6.4.1 CLEC may order the initial DAL information load or update files for
Qwest's local Exchange Service areas in its 14 state operating territory or, on a state-
specific basis, or, where Technically Feasible, CLEC may order the initial DAL
information load or update files by Qwest White Page Directory Code or NPA.
10.6.4.2 Special requests for data at specific geographic levels (such as NPA)
must be negotiated in order to address data integrity issues.
10.6.4.3 CLEC shall use the DAL Order Form found in the PCAT.
10.7 Toll and Assistance Operator Services
10.7.1 Description
10.7.1.1 Toll and assistance operator services (operator services) are a family of
offerings that assist CLEC's resale and facilities-based End User Customers in making
and receiving EAS/local and IntraLATA toll calls. Operator services provided to CLEC
include non-discriminatory access to Qwest operator service centers, services, and
personnel. If facilities-based CLEC using Qwest's, its own, or a third party's Switch(es)
chooses to access Qwest's operator services, they are provided to CLEC under this
Agreement pursuant to Section 251(b)(3) of the Act. As such, the pricing requirements
of Section 252(d)(1) of the Act are not applicable. Operator services shall be provided to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
245

Section 10
Ancillary Services
CLEC as a facilities-based provider at the market-based rates contained in Exhibit A.
10.7.1.1.1 EAS/Local and IntraLATA Assistance. Assists CLEC End User
Customers requesting help or information on making and receiving EAS/local
and IntraLATA toll calls, connects CLEC End User Customers to Qwest's
Directory Assistance Service, and provides other information and guidance,
including referral to the business office and repair, as may be consistent with
Qwest's customary practice for providing End User Customer assistance.
10.7.1.1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.7.1.1.3 Emergency Assistance. Provides assistance for handling
CLEC's End User Customer's EAS/local and IntraLATA toll calls to emergency
agencies, including but not limited to, police, sheriff, highway patrol and fire.
CLEC is responsible for providing Qwest with the appropriate emergency agency
numbers and updates.
10.7.1.1.4 Busy Line Verification (BLV) is performed when CLEC's End
User Customers request assistance from the operator bureau to determine if a
called line is in use. The operator will not complete the call for the calling party
initiating the BLV inquiry. Only one BLV attempt will be made per call, and a
charge shall apply.
10.7.1.1.5 Busy Line Interrupt (BLI) is performed when CLEC's End User
Customers request assistance from the operator to interrupt a telephone call in
progress. The operator will interrupt the busy line and inform the called party that
there is a call waiting. The operator will not connect the calling and called
parties. The operator will make only one BLI attempt per call and the applicable
charge applies whether or not the called party releases the line.
10.7.1.1.6 Quote Service – Provides time and charges to hotel/motel and
other CLEC End User Customers for guest/account identification.
10.7.1.1.7 CLEC-Specific Call Branding Service. Provides CLEC's End
User Customers the operator services listed in this Section branded with the
brand of CLEC (CLEC-specific branding), where Technically Feasible, or with a
generic brand. CLEC-specific Call Branding announces CLEC's name to CLEC's
End User Customer at the start and completion of the call. Generic branding
does not announce any provider's name. CLEC-specific and generic Call
Branding are optional services available to CLEC.
10.7.1.1.7.1 Front End CLEC-specific Call Branding -- Announces
CLEC's name to CLEC's End User Customer at the start of the call.
10.7.1.1.7.2 Back End CLEC-specific Call Branding -- Announces
CLEC's name to CLEC's End User Customer at the completion of the call.
10.7.2 Terms and Conditions
10.7.2.0 Operator services accessed over CLEC's resold local exchange lines
include terms and conditions (except prices) for operator services in Qwest's applicable
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
246

Section 10
Ancillary Services
product Tariffs, catalogs, price lists, or other retail Telecommunications Services
offerings. To the extent, however, that a conflict arises between the terms and
conditions of the Tariff, catalog, price list, or other retail Telecommunications Services
offering and this Agreement, this Agreement shall be controlling. Operator services are
available to facilities-based CLEC as described in this Section 10.7, unless otherwise
noted.
10.7.2.0.1 Qwest does not authorize CLEC to offer Qwest the incumbent
Local Exchange Carrier (ILEC) as a Local Primary Interexchange Carrier (LPIC)
to its existing or new End User Customers on Qwest's behalf. If CLEC assigns
Qwest the ILEC, LPIC 5123, to CLEC's existing or new End User Customers,
Qwest will bill reseller CLEC for IntraLATA Toll services at the Qwest retail rate
less the wholesale discount contained in Exhibit A, if any, and will bill facilities-
based CLEC at the rates contained or referenced in Exhibit A, and Qwest will not
directly bill CLEC's End User Customers for such IntraLATA Toll services.
10.7.2.0.2 If CLEC assigns Qwest the ILEC, PIC 5123, to CLEC's existing or
new End User Customers, transport beyond Qwest's local interoffice network for
IntraLATA Toll services will be provided over Qwest's IntraLATA Toll network.
Routing tables resident in Qwest's Switch(es) will direct CLEC's traffic over
Qwest's interoffice message trunk network.
10.7.2.0.3 If, during the term of this Agreement, Qwest the ILEC offers
IntraLATA Toll services directly to CLEC's End User Customers, Qwest will
establish its own billing relationship with such End User Customers, and Qwest
will not bill CLEC, and CLEC shall have no obligation to pay Qwest, for such
IntraLATA Toll services Qwest provides to CLEC's End User Customers.
10.7.2.1 For facilities-based CLEC using its own or a third party's Switch(es),
Interconnection to Qwest's operator services Switch is Technically Feasible at two (2)
distinct points on the Trunk Side of the Switch. The first connection point is an operator
services trunk connected directly to the Qwest operator services host Switch. The
second connection point is an operator services trunk connected directly to a remote
Qwest operator services Switch.
10.7.2.2 Trunk Provisioning and facility ownership must follow Qwest guidelines.
10.7.2.3 In order for CLEC to use Qwest's operator services as a facilities-based
CLEC using its own or a third party's Switch(es), CLEC must provide an operator service
trunk between CLEC's End Office Switch and the Interconnection point on the Qwest
operator services Switch for each NPA served.
10.7.2.4 The technical requirements of operator service trunk are covered in the
Operator Services Systems Generic Requirement (OSSGR), Telcordia document FR-
NWT-000271, Section 6 (Signaling) and Section 10 (System Interfaces) in general
requirements form.
10.7.2.5 Each Party's operator bureau shall accept BLV and BLI inquiries from the
operator bureau of the other Party in order to allow transparent provision of BLV/BLI
traffic between the Parties' networks.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
247

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.7.2.6 Facilities-based CLEC using its own or a third party's Switch(es) will
provide separate no-test trunks (not the local/IntraLATA trunks) to the Qwest BLV/BLI
hub or to the Qwest operator services Switches.
10.7.2.7 Qwest will perform operator services in accordance with operating
methods, practices, and standards in effect for all its End User Customers, including
making and receiving EAS/local and IntraLATA Toll calls. Qwest will respond to CLEC's
End User Customer calls to Qwest's operator services according to the same priority
scheme as it responds to Qwest's End User Customer calls. Calls to Qwest's operator
services are handled on a first come, first served basis, without regard to whether calls
are originated by CLEC or Qwest End User Customers.
10.7.2.8 Qwest will provide operator services to CLEC where Technically Feasible
and facilities are available. Qwest may from time-to-time modify and change the nature,
extent, and detail of specific operator services available to its retail End User Customers,
and to the extent it does so, Qwest will provide notice to CLEC on a timely basis
consistent with Commission rules and notice requirements.
10.7.2.9 Qwest shall maintain adequate equipment and personnel to reasonably
perform the operator services. Facilities-based CLEC using its own or a third party's
Switch(es) shall provide and maintain the facilities necessary to connect its End User
Customers to the locations where Qwest provides the operator services and to provide
all information and data needed or reasonably requested by Qwest in order to perform
the operator services.
10.7.2.10 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.7.2.11 CLEC-specific Call Branding for operator services includes recording and
setting up CLEC's brand message and loading the brand message into Qwest's
Switch(es). Qwest will record CLEC's brand message.
10.7.2.12 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.7.2.13 Reseller CLEC's End User Customers dial the same number Qwest's own
End User Customers dial to access operator services, including "0" or "0+." Facilities-
based CLEC using its own or a third party's Switch(es) may choose to have its End User
Customers access Qwest operators by dialing a unique number or by using the same
dialing pattern as used by Qwest End User Customers.
10.7.3 Rate Elements
The following rate elements apply to operator services. Operator services are provided to
CLEC for resale with resold local exchange lines at the Qwest retail price less the wholesale
discount contained in Exhibit A, if any. Operator services are provided to CLEC as a facilities-
based provider at the market-based prices contained in Exhibit A.
10.7.3.1 Operator services are priced on a per call basis, as follows.
10.7.3.1.1 Operator Services Calls – Charges apply for each completed
call handled by operator services, including EAS/local calls and IntraLATA toll
calls made, or received and accepted, by CLEC's End User Customer.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
248

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.7.3.1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.7.3.1.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.7.3.1.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.7.3.1.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.7.3.1.6 Busy Line Verify – Charges apply for each call where the
operator determines that conversation exists on a line.
10.7.3.1.7 Busy Line Interrupt – Charges apply for each call where the
operator interrupts conversation on a busy line and requests release of the line.
10.7.3.1.8 Operator Assistance – Charges apply for operator assistance
whether a call is completed or not, that does not otherwise generate an operator
surcharge as described in this Section. These calls include, but are not limited
to: calls given the DDD rate because of transmission problems; calls where the
operator has determined there should be no charge, such as Busy Line Verify
attempts where conversation was not found on the line; calls where CLEC's End
User Customer requests information from the operator and no attempt is made to
complete a call; and calls for quotation service.
10.7.3.1.9 "Completed call" as used in this Section shall mean that CLEC's
End User Customer makes contact with the location, telephone number, person
or extension designated by the End User Customer.
10.7.3.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.7.3.3 CLEC-Specific Call Branding Nonrecurring Charges. Qwest will charge
CLEC a nonrecurring set-up and recording fee for establishing CLEC-specific Call
Branding, and for loading CLEC's brand message in Qwest's Switch(es). CLEC must
pay such nonrecurring charges prior to commencement of CLEC-specific branding. The
nonrecurring charges apply each time CLEC's brand message is changed. The
nonrecurring charge to load the Switches with CLEC's branded message will be
assessed each time there is any change to the Switch.
10.7.4 Ordering Process
CLEC will order operator services by completing the "Qwest Operator Services/Directory
Assistance Questionnaire for Competitive Local Exchange Carriers." Copies of this
questionnaire may be obtained from CLEC's designated Qwest account manager.
10.7.5 Billing
10.7.5.1 Qwest will track usage and bill CLEC for the calls made and received by
CLEC's End User Customers and facilities.
10.7.5.2 Qwest will compute CLEC's invoice based on calls made and received by
CLEC's End User Customers.
10.7.5.3 If, due to equipment malfunction or other error, Qwest does not have
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
249

Section 10
Ancillary Services
available the necessary information to compile an accurate Billing statement, Qwest may
render a reasonably estimated bill, but shall notify CLEC of such estimate and cooperate
in good faith with CLEC to establish a fair, equitable estimate. Qwest shall render a bill
reflecting actual billable quantities when and if the information necessary for the Billing
statement becomes available.
10.7.5.4 Qwest shall provide to CLEC usage information within Qwest's control
with respect to calls originated by or terminated to CLEC's End User Customers in the
form of the actual information that is comparable to the information Qwest uses to bill its
own End User Customers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Qwest shall
provide CLEC with Daily Usage Feed (DUF) billing information.
10.7.5.5 Qwest will provide DUF records for all usage billable to CLEC's lines,
including Busy Line Verify (BLV), Busy Line Interrupt (BLI), and Qwest-ILEC-provided
intraLATA toll. These records will be provided as Category 01 or Category 10 EMI
records.
10.7.5.6 If CLEC assigns Qwest the ILEC to provide IntraLATA Toll services for its
End User Customers, Qwest shall bill CLEC and CLEC shall pay Qwest for such
services in accordance with Exhibit A.
10.8 Access to Poles, Ducts, Conduits, and Rights of Way
10.8.1 Description
10.8.1.1 Pole Attachments – Where it has ownership or control to do so, Qwest
will provide CLEC with access to available Pole Attachment space for the placing of
facilities for the purpose of transmitting Telecommunications Services.
10.8.1.1.1 The term Pole Attachment means any attachment by CLEC to a
pole owned or controlled by Qwest.
10.8.1.2 Ducts and Conduits – Where it has ownership or control to do so, Qwest
will provide CLEC with access to available ducts/conduits for the purpose of placing
facilities for transmitting Telecommunications Services. A spare duct/conduit will be
leased for copper facilities only, and an innerduct for the purpose of placing fiber. CLEC
may place innerduct in an empty duct/conduit. Control of CLEC-installed spare
innerduct shall vest in Qwest immediately upon installation; ownership of such innerduct
shall vest to Qwest if and when CLEC abandons such innerduct. Within a multiple
tenant environment (MTE), duct may traverse building Entrance Facilities, building
entrance links, equipment rooms, Remote Terminals, cable vaults, telephone closets or
building riser.
10.8.1.2.1 The terms duct and conduit mean a single enclosed raceway for
conductors, cable and/or wire. Duct and conduit may be in the ground, may
follow streets, bridges, public or private ROW or may be within some portion of a
multiple tenant environment. Within a multiple tenant environment, duct and
conduit may traverse building entrance facilities, building entrance links,
equipment rooms, Remote Terminals, cable vaults, telephone closets or building
riser. The terms duct and conduit include riser conduit.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
250

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.8.1.2.2 The term innerduct means a duct-like raceway smaller than a
duct/conduit that is inserted into a duct/conduit so that the duct may typically
carry three (3) cables.
10.8.1.2.3 The term microduct means a smaller version of innerduct. Four
(4) microducts can be placed within a 1¼-inch innerduct.
10.8.1.3 Rights of Way (ROW) – Where it has ownership or control to do so,
Qwest will provide to CLEC, via an Access Agreement in the form of Attachment 4 to
Exhibit D, access to available ROW for the purpose of placing Telecommunications
facilities. ROW includes land or other property owned or controlled by Qwest and may
run under, on, above, across, along or through public or private property or enter
multiple tenant environments.
10.8.1.3.1 ROW means a real property interest in privately-owned real
property, but expressly excluding any public, governmental, federal or Native
American, or other quasi-public or non-private lands, sufficient to permit Qwest to
place Telecommunications facilities on such real property; such property owner
may permit Qwest to install and maintain facilities under, on, above, across,
along or through private property or enter multiple tenant environments. Within a
multiple tenant environment, a ROW includes a pathway that is actually used or
has been specifically designated for use by Qwest as part of its transmission and
distribution network where the boundaries of the pathway are clearly defined
either by written specifications or unambiguous physical demarcation.
10.8.1.4 Intentionally Left Blank.
10.8.1.5 The phrase "ownership or control to do so" means the legal right, as a
matter of state law, to (i) convey an interest in real or personal property, or (ii) afford
access to third parties as may be provided by the landowner to Qwest through express
or implied agreements, or through Applicable Law as defined in this Agreement.
10.8.1.6 Poles, Ducts and Rights of Way (PDR) Transfer of Responsibility refers to
the transfer of the occupancy of space for either aerial or underground facilities to
assuming CLEC from vacating CLEC.
10.8.1.6.1 A PDR Transfer of Responsibility request received by Qwest is
irrevocable upon one hundred percent (100%) payment by assuming CLEC of
the nonrecurring transfer charge.
10.8.2 Terms and Conditions
Qwest shall provide CLEC non-discriminatory access to poles, ducts, conduit and Rights of Way
(ROW) on terms and conditions found in the Revised Qwest Rights of Way, Pole Attachment
and/or Duct/Innerduct Occupancy General Information Document, attached hereto as Exhibit D.
Qwest will not favor itself over CLEC when Provisioning access to poles, ducts, conduits and
Rights of Way (ROW). Qwest shall not give itself preference when assigning space.
10.8.2.1 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Qwest agrees to issue to
CLEC authorization for CLEC to attach, operate, maintain, rearrange, transfer and
remove at its sole expense its facilities on poles/duct/innerduct or ROW owned or
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
251

Section 10
Ancillary Services
controlled in whole or in part by Qwest, subject to orders placed by CLEC. Any and all
rights granted to CLEC shall be subject to and subordinate to any future local, state
and/or federal requirements.
10.8.2.2 Qwest will rely on such codes as the National Electrical Safety Code
(NESC) to prescribe standards with respect to capacity, safety, reliability, and general
engineering principles.
10.8.2.3 Federal requirements, such as those imposed by Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission (FERC) and Occupational Safety and Health Administration
(OSHA), will continue to apply to the extent such requirements affect requests for
attachments or occupancy to Qwest facilities under Section 224(f)(1) of the Act.
10.8.2.4 CLEC shall provide access to a map of the requested
poles/duct/innerduct/ROW route, including estimated distances between major points,
the identification and location of the poles/duct/innerduct and ROW and a description of
CLEC's facilities. Qwest agrees to provide to CLEC access to relevant plats, maps,
engineering records and other data within ten (10) business days of receiving a request
for such information, except in the case of extensive requests. Extensive requests
involve the gathering of plats from more than one (1) location, span more than five (5)
Wire Centers, or consist of ten (10) or more intra-Wire Center requests submitted
simultaneously. Responses to extensive requests will be provided within a reasonable
interval, not to exceed forty-five (45) Days.
10.8.2.5 Except as expressly provided herein, or in the Pole Attachment Act of
1934 as amended and its regulations and rules, or in any applicable state or municipal
laws, nothing herein shall be construed to compel Qwest to construct, install, modify or
place any poles/duct/innerduct or other facility for use by CLEC.
10.8.2.6 Qwest retains the right to determine the availability of space on
poles/duct/innerduct, conduit and ROW consistent with 47 U.S.C. § 224 and FCC
orders, rules and regulations pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 224. In the event Qwest
determines that rearrangement of the existing facilities on poles, duct/innerduct/conduit,
and ROW is required before CLEC's facilities can be accommodated, the actual cost of
such modification will be included in CLEC's nonrecurring charges for the associated
order (Make-Ready fee). When modifications to a Qwest spare duct/conduit include the
placement of innerduct, Qwest or CLEC will install the number of innerduct required to fill
the duct/conduit to its full capacity.
10.8.2.7 Qwest shall make manhole ingress and egress for duct/innerduct access
available to CLEC. Qwest will perform a feasibility study to determine whether to
provide a stub out via the pre-constructed knock out within the manhole, or to perform a
core drill of the manhole.
10.8.2.8 Where such authority does not already exist, CLEC shall be responsible
for obtaining the necessary legal authority to occupy ROW, and/or poles/duct/innerduct
on governmental, federal, Native American, and private rights of way. CLEC shall obtain
any permits, licenses, bonds, or other necessary legal authority and permission, at
CLEC's sole expense, in order to perform its obligations under this Agreement. CLEC
shall contact all owners of public and private rights-of-way to obtain the permission
required to perform the work prior to entering the property or starting any work thereon.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
252

Section 10
Ancillary Services
See Section 10.8.4. CLEC shall comply with all conditions of rights-of-way and permits.
Once such permission is obtained, all such work may be performed by Qwest or CLEC
at the option of CLEC.
10.8.2.9 Access to a Qwest Central Office manhole will be permitted where
Technically Feasible. If space is available, Qwest will allow access through the Central
Office manhole to the POI (Point of Interconnection). There shall be a presumption that
there shall be no fiber splices allowed in the Central Office manhole. However, where
CLEC can establish the necessity and Technical Feasibility of splicing in the Central
Office manhole, such action shall be permitted.
10.8.2.10 Replacement/Modification/Installation - If CLEC requests Qwest to
replace or modify existing poles/duct/innerduct to increase its strength or capacity for the
sole benefit of CLEC, CLEC shall pay Qwest the total actual replacement cost, Qwest's
actual cost to transfer its attachments to new poles/duct/innerduct, as necessary, and
the actual cost for removal (including actual cost of destruction) of the replaced
poles/duct/innerduct, if necessary. Ownership of new poles/duct/innerduct shall vest to
Qwest.
10.8.2.10.1 Upon request, Qwest shall permit CLEC to install
poles/duct/innerduct. Qwest reserves the right to reject any non-conforming
replacement pole/duct/innerduct installed by CLEC that does not conform to the
NESC, OSHA or local ordinances.
10.8.2.10.2 To the extent that a modification is incurred for the benefit of
multiple parties, CLEC shall pay a proportionate share of the total actual cost
based on the ratio of the amount of new space occupied by the facilities of CLEC
to the total amount of space occupied by all parties including Qwest or its
Affiliates participating in the modification. Parties who do not initiate, request or
receive additional space from a modification, are not required to share in the cost
of the modification. CLEC, Qwest or any other party that uses a modification as
an opportunity to bring its facilities into compliance with applicable safety or other
requirements will be deemed to be sharing in the modification and will be
responsible for its share of the modification cost. Attaching entities will not be
responsible for sharing in the cost of governmentally mandated pole or other
facility modification. Qwest does not and will not favor itself over other Carriers
when Provisioning access to poles, innerduct and rights-of-way.
10.8.2.10.3 The modifying party or parties may recover a proportionate
share of the modification costs from parties that later are able to obtain access as
a result of the modification. The proportionate share of the subsequent attacher
will be reduced to take account of depreciation to the pole or other facility that
has occurred since the modification. The modifying party or parties seeking to
recover modification costs from parties that later obtain attachments shall be
responsible for maintaining all records regarding modification costs. Qwest shall
not be responsible for maintaining records regarding modification costs on behalf
of attaching entities.
10.8.2.11 Notification of modifications initiated by or on behalf of Qwest and at
Qwest's expense shall be provided to CLEC at least sixty (60) Days prior to beginning
modifications. Such notification shall include a brief description of the nature and scope
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
253

Section 10
Ancillary Services
of the modification. If CLEC does not respond to a requested rearrangement of its
facilities within sixty (60) Days after receipt of written notice from Qwest requesting
rearrangement, Qwest may perform or have performed such rearrangement and CLEC
shall pay the actual cost thereof. No such notice shall be required in emergency
situations or for routine maintenance of poles/duct/innerduct completed at Qwest's
expense.
10.8.2.12 Qwest reserves the right to make an on-site/final construction inspection
of CLEC's facilities occupying the poles/duct/innerduct system. CLEC shall reimburse
Qwest for the actual cost of such inspections except where specified in this Section.
10.8.2.13 When final construction inspection by Qwest has been completed, CLEC
shall correct such non-complying conditions within the reasonable period of time
specified by Qwest in its written notice. If corrections are not completed within the
specified reasonable period, occupancy authorizations for the ROW,
poles/duct/innerduct system where non-complying conditions remain uncorrected shall
suspend forthwith, regardless of whether CLEC has energized the facilities occupying
said poles/duct/innerduct or ROW system and CLEC shall remove its facilities from said
poles/duct/innerduct or ROW in accordance with the provisions of this Section, provided,
however, if the corrections physically cannot be made within such specified time, and
CLEC has been diligently prosecuting such cure, CLEC shall be granted a reasonable
additional time to complete such cure. Qwest may deny further occupancy authorization
to CLEC until such non-complying conditions are corrected or until CLEC's facilities are
removed from the poles/duct/innerduct system where such non-complying conditions
exist. If agreed between both Parties, Qwest shall perform or have performed such
corrections and CLEC shall pay Qwest the actual cost of performing such work.
Subsequent inspections to determine if appropriate corrective actions have been taken
may be made by Qwest.
10.8.2.14 Once CLEC's facilities begin occupying the poles/duct/innerduct or ROW
system, Qwest may perform a reasonable number of inspections. Qwest shall bear the
cost of such inspections unless the results of the inspection reveal a material violation or
hazard, or that CLEC has in any other way failed to comply with the provisions of
Section 10.8.2.20; in which case CLEC shall reimburse Qwest the costs of inspections
and re-inspections, as required. CLEC's representative may accompany Qwest on such
field inspections. The cost of periodic inspection or any special inspections found
necessary due to the existence of sub-standard or unauthorized occupancies shall be
billed separately.
10.8.2.15 The costs of inspections made during construction and/or the final
construction survey and subsequent inspection shall be billed to CLEC upon completion
of the inspections.
10.8.2.16 Final construction, subsequent, and periodic inspections or the failure to
make such inspections, shall not relieve CLEC of any responsibilities, obligations, or
liability assigned under this Agreement.
10.8.2.17 CLEC may use individual workers of its choice to perform any work
necessary for the attaching of its facilities so long as such workers have the same
qualifications and training as Qwest's workers. CLEC may use any contractor approved
by Qwest to perform make-ready work.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
254

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.8.2.18 If Qwest terminates an order for cause, or if CLEC terminates an order
without cause, subject to 10.8.4.4.4, CLEC shall pay termination charges equal to the
amount of fees and charges remaining on the terminated order(s) and shall remove its
facilities from the poles/duct/innerduct within sixty (60) Days, or cause Qwest to remove
its facilities from the poles/duct/innerduct at CLEC's expense; provided, however, that
CLEC shall be liable for and pay all fees and charges provided for in this Agreement to
Qwest until CLEC's facilities are physically removed. "Cause" as used herein shall
include CLEC's use of its facilities in material violation of any Applicable Law or in aid of
any unlawful act or making an unauthorized modification to Qwest's
poles/duct/innerduct, or, in the case of ROW, any act or omission that violates the terms
and conditions of either (a) the Access Agreement by which Qwest conveys a right of
access to the ROW to CLEC, or (b) the instrument granting the original ROW to Qwest
or its predecessor.
10.8.2.19 Qwest may abandon or sell any poles/duct/innerduct/conduit or ROW at
any time by giving written notice to CLEC. Any poles/duct/innerduct/conduit or ROW
that is sold, will be sold subject to all existing legal rights of CLEC. Upon abandonment
of poles/duct/innerduct/conduit or ROW, and with the concurrence of the other joint
user(s), if necessary, CLEC shall, within sixty (60) Days of such notice, either: 1)
continue to occupy the poles/duct/innerduct/conduit or ROW pursuant to its existing
rights under this Agreement if the poles/duct/innerduct/conduit or ROW is purchased by
another party; 2) purchase the poles/duct/innerduct/conduit or ROW from Qwest at the
current market value; or 3) remove its facilities therefrom. Failure to explicitly elect one
of the foregoing options within sixty (60) Days shall be deemed an election to purchase
the poles/duct/innerduct/conduit or ROW at the current market value if no other party
purchased the poles/duct/innerduct/conduit or ROW within this sixty (60) Day period.
10.8.2.20 CLEC's facilities shall be placed and maintained in accordance with the
requirements and specifications of the current applicable standards of Telcordia Manual
of Construction Standards, the National Electrical Code, the National Electrical Safety
Code, and the rules and regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, all of
which are incorporated by reference, and any governing authority having jurisdiction.
Where a difference in specifications exists, the more stringent shall apply.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, CLEC shall only be held to such standard as Qwest, its
Affiliates or any other Telecommunications Carrier is held. Failure to maintain facilities
in accordance with the above requirements or failure to correct as provided in Section
10.8.2.13 shall be cause for termination of the order. CLEC shall in a timely manner
comply with all requests from Qwest to bring its facilities into compliance with these
terms and conditions.
10.8.2.21 Should Qwest under the provisions of this Agreement remove CLEC's
facilities from the poles/duct/innerduct covered by any order, Qwest will deliver the
facilities removed upon payment by CLEC of the cost of removal, storage and delivery,
and all other amounts due Qwest. If CLEC removes facilities from poles/duct/innerduct
for other than repair or maintenance purposes, no replacement on the
poles/duct/innerduct shall be made until all outstanding charges due Qwest for previous
occupancy have been paid in full. CLEC shall advise Qwest in writing as to the date on
which the removal of facilities from the poles/duct/innerduct has been completed.
10.8.2.22 If any facilities are found attached to poles/duct/innerduct for which no
order is in effect, Qwest, without prejudice to its other rights or remedies under this
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
255

Section 10
Ancillary Services
Agreement, may assess a charge and CLEC agrees to pay the lesser of (a) the annual
fee per pole or per innerduct run between two (2) manholes for the number of years
since the most recent inventory, or (b) five (5) times the annual fee per pole or per
innerduct run between two (2) manholes. In addition, CLEC agrees to pay (a) interest
on these fees at a rate set for the applicable time period by the Internal Revenue Service
for individual underpayments pursuant to Section 6621 of the Internal Revenue Service
Code (25 U.S.C. § 6621, Rev. Rul. 2000-30, 2000-25 IRS 1262), and (b) the cost of any
audit required to identify unauthorized CLEC attachments. Qwest shall waive half the
unauthorized attachment fee if the following conditions are met: (1) CLEC cures such
unauthorized attachment (by removing it or submitting a valid order for the attachment in
the form of Attachment 2 of Exhibit D, within thirty (30) Days of written notification from
Qwest of the unauthorized attachment; and (2) the unauthorized attachment did not
require Qwest to take curative measures itself (e.g., pulling additional innerduct) prior to
cure by CLEC, (3) CLEC reimburses Qwest for cost of audit, or portion thereof, which
discovered the unauthorized attachment. Qwest shall also waive the unauthorized
attachment fee if the unauthorized attachment arose due to error by Qwest rather than
CLEC. CLEC is required to submit in writing, within ten (10) business days after receipt
of written notification from Qwest of the unauthorized occupancy, a poles/duct/innerduct
application. If such application is not received by Qwest within the specified time period,
CLEC will be required to remove its unauthorized facility within thirty (30) Days of the
final date for submitting the required application, or Qwest may remove CLEC's facilities
without liability, and the cost of such removal shall be borne by CLEC.
10.8.2.23 No act or failure to act by Qwest with regard to an unauthorized
occupancy shall be deemed as the authorization of the occupancy. Any subsequently
issued authorization shall not operate retroactively or constitute a waiver by Qwest of
any of its rights or privileges under this Agreement or otherwise. CLEC shall be subject
to all liabilities of the Agreement in regard to said unauthorized occupancy from its
inception.
10.8.2.24 Qwest will provide CLEC non-discriminatory access to
poles/ducts/innerducts/conduits and ROW pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 224 and FCC orders,
rules and regulations pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 224. In the event of a conflict between this
Agreement, on one hand, and 47 U.S.C. § 224 and FCC orders, rules and regulations
pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 224, on the other, 47 U.S.C. § 224 and FCC orders, rules and
regulations pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 224 shall govern. Further, in the event of a conflict
between Exhibit D, on one hand, and this Agreement or 47 U.S.C. § 224 and FCC
orders, rules and regulations pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 224, on the other, this Agreement
or 47 U.S.C. § 224 and FCC orders, rules and regulations pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 224
shall govern, provided however, that any Access Agreement that has been duly
executed, acknowledged and recorded in the real property records for the county in
which the ROW is located shall govern in any event pursuant to its terms.
10.8.2.25 Nothing in this Agreement shall require Qwest to exercise eminent
domain on behalf of CLEC.
10.8.2.26 Qwest will not enter into ROW agreements for the provision of
Telecommunications Services, including agreements relating to ROW within multiple
tenant environments, that preclude CLEC from using ROW over which Qwest has
ownership or control. Upon CLEC request, Qwest will certify to a landowner with whom
Qwest has an ROW agreement, the following:
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
256

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.8.2.26.1 that the ROW agreement with Qwest does not preclude the
landowner from entering into a separate ROW agreement with CLEC; and
10.8.2.26.2 that there will be no penalty under the agreement between the
landowner and Qwest if the landowner enters into a ROW agreement with CLEC.
10.8.2.27 For purposes of permitting CLEC to determine whether Qwest has
ownership or control over duct/conduit or ROW, including duct/conduit or ROW within a
specific multiple tenant environment, if CLEC requests a copy of an agreement between
Qwest and the owner of a duct/conduit or ROW, including duct/conduit or ROW within a
specific multiple tenant environment, that grants Qwest access to, ownership of, or
control of duct/conduit or ROW within a specific multiple tenant environment, Qwest will
provide the agreement to CLEC pursuant to the terms of this Section. CLEC will submit
a completed Attachment 1.A from Exhibit D that identifies a specific multiple tenant
environment or route for each agreement.
10.8.2.27.1 Upon receipt of a completed Attachment 1.A, Qwest will prepare
and return an MTE matrix or ROW matrix, as applicable, within ten (10) Days,
which will identify (a) the owner of the duct/conduit or ROW or multiple tenant
environment as reflected in Qwest's records, and (b) whether or not Qwest has a
copy of an agreement that provides Qwest access to duct/conduit or ROW or
multiple tenant environment in its possession. Qwest makes no representations
or warranties regarding the accuracy of its records, and CLEC acknowledges that
the original property owner may not be the current owner of the property.
10.8.2.27.2 Qwest grants a limited waiver of any confidentiality rights it may
have with regards to the content of the agreement, subject to the terms and
conditions in Section 10.8.2.27.3 and the Consent to Disclosure form. Qwest will
provide to CLEC a copy of an agreement listed in the MTE matrix or ROW
matrix, as applicable, that has not been publicly recorded after CLEC obtains
authorization for such disclosure from the third party owner(s) of the real property
at issue by presenting to Qwest an executed version of the Consent to
Disclosure form that is included in Attachment 4 to Exhibit D of this Agreement.
In lieu of submission of the Consent to Disclosure form, CLEC must comply with
the indemnification requirements in Section 10.8.4.1.3.
10.8.2.27.2.1 If the agreement CLEC requests does not contain a
confidentiality provision that prevents Qwest's disclosure, Qwest will
provide the agreement to CLEC with proprietary financial terms redacted
within ten (10) Days of CLECs request for the agreement.
10.8.2.27.2.2 If the agreement CLEC requests contains a
confidentiality provision that prevents Qwest's disclosure, CLEC may
request that Qwest attempt to obtain the consent of the property owner to
disclosure of the agreement. CLEC shall pay Qwest's reasonable costs
of obtaining such consent.
10.8.2.27.2.3 In lieu of requesting that Qwest obtain the consent
of the property owner to disclosure of the agreement, CLEC may elect to
obtain authorization for such disclosure from the third party owner(s) of
the real property at issue by presenting to Qwest an executed version of
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
257

Section 10
Ancillary Services
the Consent to Disclosure form that is included in Attachment 4 to Exhibit
D of this Agreement.
10.8.2.27.2.4 In lieu of submission of the Consent to Disclosure
form referenced in Section 10.8.2.27.2.3, CLEC may elect to comply with
the indemnification requirements in Section 10.8.4.1.3.
10.8.2.27.2.5 In lieu of the options in the preceding subsections of
this Section 10.8.2.27.2, CLEC may elect to be bound by the terms and
conditions of the Form Protective Agreement set forth in Attachment 5 to
Exhibit D of this Agreement.
10.8.2.27.3 As a condition of its limited waiver of its right to confidentiality in
an agreement that provides Qwest access to a multiple tenant environment that
Qwest provides to CLEC or that CLEC obtains from the multiple tenant
environment owner or operator, Qwest shall redact all dollar figures from copies
of agreements that have not been publicly recorded that Qwest provides to CLEC
and shall require that the multiple tenant environment owner or operator make
similar redaction's prior to disclosure of the agreement.
10.8.2.27.4 In all instances, CLEC will use agreements only for the following
purposes: (a) to determine whether Qwest has ownership or control over duct,
conduits, or rights-of-way within the property described in the agreement; (b) to
determine the ownership of wire within the property described in the agreement;
or (c) to determine the Demarcation Point between Qwest facilities and the
owner's facilities in the property described in the agreement. CLEC further
agrees that CLEC shall not disclose the contents, terms, or conditions of any
agreement provided pursuant to Section 10.8 to any CLEC agents or employees
engaged in sales, marketing, or product management efforts on behalf of CLEC.
10.8.2.28 In cities where Qwest has deployed microduct technology but no vacant
microduct is available on the specified route, CLEC may request Qwest to place
microduct along the desired route or CLEC can choose to place microduct that must
meet Qwest specifications.
10.8.2.29 In cities where Qwest has not deployed microduct and CLEC wishes to
use this technology, CLEC must lease an innerduct. In these locations CLEC will be
required to furnish and place the microduct. At the conclusion of the lease, CLEC and
Qwest will make a joint decision whether or not CLEC will be required to remove CLEC's
microduct from the innerduct.
10.8.2.30 If any microduct is found occupying facilities for which no order is in
effect, Qwest, without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, may assess a charge and
CLEC agrees to pay the lesser of (a) the annual fee per microduct run between two (2)
manholes for the number of years since the most recent inventory, or (b) five (5) times
the annual fee per microduct run between two (2) manholes.
10.8.2.30.1 In addition, CLEC agrees to pay (a) interest on these fees at a
rate set for the applicable time period by the Internal Revenue Service for
individual underpayments pursuant to Section 6621 of the Internal Revenue
Service Code (25 U.S.C 6621, Rev. Rul. 2000-30, 2000-25 IRS 1262), and (b)
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
258

Section 10
Ancillary Services
the cost of any audit required to identify unauthorized CLEC occupancy.
10.8.2.30.2 Qwest shall waive half the unauthorized occupancy fee if the
following conditions are met:
10.8.2.30.2.1 CLEC cures such unauthorized occupancy by removing it
or submitting a valid order for the attachment within thirty (30) days of
written notification from Qwest.
10.8.2.30.2.2 The unauthorized occupancy did not require Qwest to take
curative measures (e.g., pulling additional microduct) prior to cure by
CLEC.
10.8.2.30.2.3 CLEC reimburses Qwest for cost of audit, or portion
thereof, which discovered the unauthorized occupancy. Qwest shall also
waive the unauthorized occupancy fee if the unauthorized occupancy
arose due to error by Qwest rather than CLEC. CLEC is required to
submit in writing, within ten (10) business days after receipt of written
notification from Qwest of the unauthorized occupancy, a
Poles/Duct/Innerduct/Microduct Application. If such application is not
received by Qwest within the specified time period, CLEC will be required
to remove its unauthorized facility within thirty (30) Days of the final date
for submitting the required application, or Qwest may remove CLEC's
facilities without liability, and the cost of such removal shall be borne by
CLEC.
10.8.2.31 To be eligible for PDR Transfer of Responsibility of the occupancy of
space for poles or conduit, vacating CLEC must have a valid Agreement in place for
those facilities specified for transfer.
10.8.2.31.1 The assuming CLEC is required to have an Agreement with
Qwest that includes all elements involved in the transfer.
10.8.2.31.2 The Agreement referenced in the PDR Transfer of
Responsibility request will be transferred either in its entirety or portion thereof as
specified in the PDR Transfer of Responsibility Application Form and Transfer
Authorization Agreement.
10.8.2.31.3 The PDR Transfer of Responsibility includes changing the
following Qwest items: Customer name, Access Carrier Name Abbreviation
(ACNA), Master Customer Number (MCN), customer address, telephone
number, billing and contact information, and contact telephone number. The
eight (8) character CLEC CLLI code will remain the same.
10.8.2.31.4 If vacating CLEC has filed for bankruptcy, assuming CLEC must
comply with 11 U.S.C. Section 365.2.6l. The negotiation of the terms and
conditions between vacating CLEC and assuming CLEC is the responsibility of
those two parties. Qwest does not participate in these discussions. Qwest
manages the database and records the transfer.
10.8.2.31.5 Qwest is not responsible for the physical condition of CLEC's
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
259

Section 10
Ancillary Services
facilities.
10.8.2.31.6 Prior to submission of a PDR Transfer of Responsibility request,
all work in progress must be negotiated between vacating and assuming CLEC.
10.8.2.31.7 Prior to submitting a Transfer of Responsibility request,
assuming CLEC's financial obligations to Qwest must be in good standing. If
vacating CLEC is unable to meet its financial obligations, assuming CLEC will be
required to assume the financial obligations of vacating CLEC.
10.8.2.31.8 Vacating and assuming CLEC must provide Qwest a signed
Qwest PDR Transfer Authorization Agreement providing the following
information: All Qwest Central Office Service Areas that may apply, PDR Billing
Authorization Numbers (BAN), requested completion date (not binding), and
state-specific charge for the transfer as indicated in Exhibit A.
10.8.2.31.9 Once the transfer request is accepted, Qwest will submit the
signed PDR Transfer of Responsibility Request Consent Form to vacating and
assuming CLECs and the transfer will be completed.
10.8.3 Rate Elements
Recurring and nonrecurring charges for attachments are in accordance with Section 224 of the
Act and FCC orders, rules, and regulations promulgated there under. Qwest will re-calculate
recurring rates for pole attachments and innerduct (including without limitation microduct)
occupancy annually using the FCC rules and formulae found at 47 C.F.R. § 1, Subpart J and
A.R.M.I.S data filed by Qwest with the FCC. Qwest will implement and bill CLEC the re-
calculated rates without amending this Agreement. Qwest will provide notice to CLEC of the
new recurring rates not less than sixty (60) days in advance of the effective date for such rates.
Recurring charges are included in Exhibit A and will be updated annually. Nonrecurring charges
are included in Exhibit A.
10.8.3.1 Inquiry Fee. A non-refundable pre-paid charge used to recover the costs
associated with performing an internal record review to determine if a requested route
and/or facility is available, or with respect to ROW, to determine the information
necessary to create the MTE matrix or ROW matrix, as applicable, which identifies, for
each ROW, the name of the original grantor and the nature of the ROW (i.e., publicly
recorded and non-recorded) and the MTE matrix or ROW matrix, as applicable, which
identifies each requested legal agreement between Qwest and a third party who has a
multiple tenant environment in Qwest's possession that relates to Telecommunications
Services provided to or through real property owned by the third party (MTE Agreement)
and, for each such MTE Agreement, the name of the third party. Separate Inquiry Fees
apply for ROW, poles and duct/conduit/innerduct.
10.8.3.2 Field Verification Fee/Access Agreement Preparation Fee. In the case of
poles and duct/innerduct, the Field Verification Fee is a non-refundable pre-paid charge
which recovers the estimated actual costs for a field survey verification required for a
route and to determine scope of any required make-ready work. Separate Field
Verification Fees apply for poles and manholes. In the case of ROW, the Access
Agreement Preparation Fee is a non-refundable, pre-paid charge which recovers the
estimated actual costs for preparation of the Access Agreement for each ROW
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
260

Section 10
Ancillary Services
requested by CLEC. Field Verification and Access Agreement Preparation Fees shall be
billed in advance.
10.8.3.3 Make-Ready Fee. A pre-paid non-refundable (other than true-up) charge
which recovers the cost of necessary work required to make the requested facility/ROW
available for access. For innerduct, this could include, but is not limited to, the placing of
innerduct in conduit/duct systems or core drilling of manholes. For Pole Attachment
requests, this could include, but is not limited to, the replacement of poles to meet
required clearances over roads or land. For ROW, this make-ready could include, but is
not limited to, personnel time, including attorney time. With respect to ROW, make-
ready work refers to legal or other investigation or analysis arising out of CLEC's failure
to comply with the process described in Exhibit D for ROW, or other circumstances
giving rise to such work beyond the simple preparation of one or more Access
Agreements. The estimated pre-paid fee shall be billed in advance.
10.8.3.4 Pole Attachment Fee. A pre-paid fee which is charged for the occupancy,
including during any make-ready period, of one (1) foot of pole space (except for
antenna attachment which requires two (2) feet). This fee shall be annual unless CLEC
requests that it be semi-annual.
10.8.3.5 Innerduct Occupancy Fee. A pre-paid fee which is charged for the
occupancy, including during any make-ready period, of an innerduct on a per foot basis.
This fee shall be annual unless CLEC requests that it be semi-annual.
10.8.3.6 Access Agreement Consideration. A pre-paid fee which constitutes
consideration for conveying access to the ROW to CLEC. This fee shall be a one-time
(i.e., nonrecurring) fee.
10.8.3.7 Microduct Occupancy Fee. A pre-paid fee which is charged for the
occupancy, including during any make-ready period, and billed annually per microduct,
per foot.
10.8.3.8 PDR Transfer of Responsibility. Vacating CLEC will not incur charges for
a transfer of responsibility agreement. A PDR Transfer of Responsibility charge for
assuming CLEC will be a nonrecurring charge associated with the transfer of the
agreement.
10.8.4 Ordering
There are two (2) steps required before placing an order for access to ROW, duct/innerduct and
Pole Attachment: Inquiry Review and Field Verification.
10.8.4.1 Inquiry Reviews. Upon receipt of an inquiry regarding ROW access, Pole
Attachment or duct/innerduct occupancy, Qwest will provide CLEC with Exhibit D. CLEC
will review the documents and provide Qwest with maps of the desired area indicating
the routes and entrance points for proposed attachment, proposed occupancy or
proposed CLEC construction on Qwest owned or controlled poles, duct/innerduct and
ROW as well as the street addresses of any multiple tenant environments upon or
through which CLEC proposes construction on ROW owned or controlled by Qwest.
CLEC will include the appropriate inquiry fee with a completed Attachment 1.A from
Exhibit D.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
261

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.8.4.1.1 Inquiry Review – Duct/Conduit/Innerduct. Qwest will complete
the database inquiry and prepare a duct/conduit structure diagram (referred to as
a "Flatline") which shows distances and access points (such as manholes).
Along with the Flatline will be estimated costs for field verification of available
facilities. These materials will be provided to CLEC within ten (10) Days or within
the time frames of the applicable federal or state law, rule or regulation.
10.8.4.1.2 Inquiry Review – Poles. Qwest will provide the name and
contact number for the appropriate local field engineer for joint validation of the
poles and route and estimated costs for field verification on Attachment 1.B of
Exhibit D within ten (10) Days of the request.
10.8.4.1.3 Inquiry Review – ROW. Qwest shall, upon request of CLEC,
provide the ROW matrix, the MTE matrix and a copy of all publicly recorded
agreements listed in those matrices to CLEC within ten (10) Days of the request.
Qwest will provide to CLEC a copy of agreements listed in the matrices that have
not been publicly recorded if CLEC obtains authorization for such disclosure from
the third party owner(s) of the real property at issue by an executed version of
the Consent to Disclosure form, which is included in Exhibit D, Attachment 4.
Qwest may redact all dollar figures from copies of agreements listed in the
matrices that have not been publicly recorded that Qwest provides to CLEC. Any
dispute over whether terms have been redacted appropriately shall be resolved
pursuant to the Dispute Resolution procedures set forth in this Agreement.
Alternatively, in order to secure any agreement that has not been publicly
recorded, CLEC may provide a legally binding and satisfactory agreement to
indemnify Qwest in the event of any legal action arising out of Qwest's provision
of such agreement to CLEC. In that event, CLEC shall not be required to provide
an executed Consent to Disclosure form. Qwest makes no warranties
concerning the accuracy of the information provided to CLEC; CLEC expressly
acknowledges that Qwest's files contain only the original ROW instruments, and
that the current owner(s) of the fee estate may not be the party identified in the
document provided by Qwest.
10.8.4.2 Field Verification – Poles Duct/Innerduct and Access Agreement
Preparation (ROW). CLEC will review the inquiry results and determine whether to
proceed with field verification for poles/ducts or Access Agreement preparation for ROW.
If field verification or Access Agreement preparation is desired, CLEC will sign and
return Attachment 1.B of Exhibit D along with a check for the relevant verification fee
(Field Verification Fee or Access Agreement Preparation Fee) plus $10.00 per Access
Agreement as consideration for the Access Agreement. Upon payment of the relevant
fee and Access Agreement consideration, if applicable, Qwest will provide, as
applicable, depending on whether the request is for poles, duct/innerduct/conduit, or
ROW: (a) in the case of duct/innerduct/conduit, a field survey and site investigation of
the duct/innerduct/conduit, including the preparation of distances and drawings, to
determine availability of existing duct/innerduct/conduit; identification of make-ready
costs required to provide space; the schedule in which the make-ready work will be
completed; and, the annual recurring prices associated with the attachment of facilities;
(b) in the case of ROW, the completed Access Agreement(s), executed and
acknowledged by Qwest. Upon completion of the Access Agreement(s) by CLEC, in
accordance with the instructions, terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit D, the Access
Agreement becomes effective to convey the interest identified in the Access Agreement
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
262

Section 10
Ancillary Services
(if any). Any dispute regarding whether a legal agreement conveys a ROW shall be
resolved between CLEC and the relevant third party or parties, and such disputes shall
not involve Qwest; and/or (c) in the case of poles, estimates of make-ready costs and
the annual recurring prices associated with the attachment of facilities shall be as
provided in Exhibit A. The verification of (a), (b), and (c), above, shall be completed by
Qwest not later than forty-five (45) Days after CLEC's submission of the inquiry request.
Make-ready time, if any, and CLEC review time is not part of the forty-five (45) Day
interval. The Attachment 2 quotation shall be valid for ninety (90) Days.
10.8.4.2.1 CLEC-Performed Field Verification. At the option of CLEC, it
may perform its own field verification (in lieu of Qwest performing same) with the
following stipulations: 1) Verifications will be conducted by a Qwest approved
contractor; 2) A Qwest contractor will monitor the activity of CLEC contractor and
a current labor rate will be charged to CLEC; 3) CLEC will provide Qwest with a
legible copy of manhole butterfly drawings that reflect necessary make-ready
effort; and 4) Qwest will use CLEC-provided butterfly drawings and
documentation to check against existing jobs and provide a final field report of
available duct/innerduct. CLEC will be charged standard rates for tactical
planner time.
10.8.4.3 Order – Poles and Duct/Innerduct. The review, signing and return of
Attachment 2 of the General Information Document along with payment of the Make-
Ready and prorated recurring access charges for the current relevant period (annual or
semi-annual) shall be accepted as an order for the attachment or occupancy. Upon
receipt of the accepted order from CLEC and applicable payment for the fees identified,
Qwest will assign the requested space and commence any make-ready work which may
be required. Qwest will notify CLEC when poles/duct/innerduct are ready.
10.8.4.4 Make-Ready - Estimates of Make-Ready are used to cover actual Make-
Ready costs.
10.8.4.4.1 If Qwest requests, CLEC will be responsible for payment of the
actual Make-Ready costs determined if such costs exceed the estimate. Such
payment shall be made within thirty (30) Days of receipt of an invoice for the
costs that exceed the estimate.
10.8.4.4.2 Within fifteen (15) business days of a request, Qwest will
provide CLEC copies of records reflecting actual cost of Make-Ready work;
provided, however, that, if Qwest does not possess all such records at the time of
the request, then Qwest will provide copies of such records within fifteen (15)
business days of receipt of such records. CLEC must request such records, if at
all, within sixty (60) Days after written notification of the completion of the Make-
Ready work.
10.8.4.4.3 If the actual Make-Ready costs are less than the estimate, an
appropriate credit for the difference will be issued upon request. Such request
must be received within sixty (60) Days following CLEC's receipt of copies of
records if CLEC has requested records under this paragraph, or within sixty (60)
Days after written notification of the completion of Make-Ready work if CLEC has
not requested records under this paragraph. Such credit will issue within ten (10)
business days of Qwest's receipt of either all records related to such actual costs
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
263

Section 10
Ancillary Services
or CLEC's request for credit, whichever comes last, but in no event later than
ninety (90) Days following the request for credit.
10.8.4.4.4 If CLEC cancels or if, due to circumstances unforeseen during
inquiry/verification, Qwest denies the request for poles, ducts or ROW, upon
CLEC request, Qwest will also refund the difference between the actual Make-
Ready costs incurred and those prepaid by CLEC, if any. Such request must be
made within thirty (30) Days of CLEC's receipt of written denial or notification of
cancellation. Any such refund shall be made within ten (10) business days of
either receipt of CLEC's request or Qwest's receipt of all records relating to the
actual costs, whichever comes last, but in no event later than ninety (90) Days
following the denial.
10.8.4.5 The PDR Transfer of Responsibility process requires the
submission of the DPR Transfer of Responsibility Application Form containing
information for both the vacating and assuming CLECs, a signed Qwest PDR Transfer
Authorization Agreement, and full payment of the quoted PDR Transfer of Responsibility
charge.
10.8.4.5.1 The PDR Transfer of Responsibility Application Form and
Transfer Authorization Agreement are on Qwest's web site at:
http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/pcat/poleductrow.html.
10.8.4.5.2 The PDR Transfer of Responsibility Application Form and an
electronic version of the Transfer Authorization Agreement with "Agreed" entered
in the designated signature blocks (this will act as your electronic signature) must
be submitted to wsst@qwest.com.
10.8.4.5.3 The printed and signed PDR Transfer Authorization Agreement
and full payment is to be mailed to: Resource Allocation, 700 W. Mineral MT-
G28.24, Littleton CO 80120.
10.8.5 Billing
10.8.5.1 CLEC agrees to pay the following fees in advance as specified in Exhibit A:
Inquiry Fee, Field Verification Fee, Access Agreement Preparation Fee, Make-Ready Fee, Pole
Attachment Fee, Duct/Innerduct Occupancy Fee and Access Agreement Consideration. Make-
Ready Fees will be computed in compliance with applicable local, state and federal guidelines.
Usage fees for poles/duct/innerduct (i.e., Pole Attachment Fee and Duct/Innerduct Occupancy
Fee) will be assessed on an annual basis (unless CLEC requests a semi-annual basis). Annual
usage fees for poles/duct/innerduct will be assessed as of January 1 of each year. Semi-annual
usage fees for poles/duct/innerduct will be assessed as of January 1 and July 1 of each year.
All fees shall be paid within thirty (30) Days following receipt of invoices. All fees are not
refundable except as expressly provided herein.
10.8.5.2 Vacating CLEC is obligated to pay all recurring charges until Qwest completes
the PDR Transfer of Responsibility request. Once the transfer is complete, the effective date to
cease recurring billing will coincide with the same date recurring billing starts for assuming
CLEC.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
264

Section 10
Ancillary Services
10.8.6 Maintenance and Repair
In the event of any service outage affecting both Qwest and CLEC, repairs shall be effectuated
on a non-discriminatory basis as established by local, state or federal requirements. Where
such requirements do not exist, repairs shall be made in the following order: electrical,
telephone (EAS/local), telephone (Long Distance), and cable television, or as mutually agreed
to by the users of the affected poles/duct/innerduct.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
265

Section 11
Network Security
Section 11.0 - NETWORK SECURITY
11.1 Protection of Service and Property. Each Party shall exercise the same degree
of care to prevent harm or damage to the other Party and any third parties, its employees,
agents or End User Customers, or their property as it employs to protect its own personnel, End
User Customers and property, etc.
11.2 Each Party is responsible to provide security and privacy of communications.
This entails protecting the confidential nature of Telecommunications transmissions between
End User Customers during technician work operations and at all times. Specifically, no
employee, agent or representative shall monitor any circuits except as required to repair or
provide service of any End User Customer at any time. Nor shall an employee, agent or
representative disclose the nature of overheard conversations, or who participated in such
communications or even that such communication has taken place. Violation of such security
may entail state and federal criminal penalties, as well as civil penalties. CLEC is responsible
for covering its employees on such security requirements and penalties.
11.3 The Parties' Telecommunications networks are part of the national security
network, and as such, are protected by federal law. Deliberate sabotage or disablement of any
portion of the underlying equipment used to provide the network is a violation of federal statutes
with severe penalties, especially in times of national emergency or state of war. The Parties are
responsible for covering their employees on such security requirements and penalties.
11.4 Qwest and CLEC share responsibility for security and network protection for
each Collocation arrangement. Each Party's employees, agents or representatives must secure
its own portable test equipment, spares, etc. and shall not use the test equipment or spares of
other parties. Use of such test equipment or spares without written permission constitutes theft
and may be prosecuted. Exceptions are the use of Qwest ladders in the Wire Center, either
rolling or track, which CLEC may use in the course of work operations. Qwest assumes no
liability to CLEC, its agents, employees or representatives, if CLEC uses a Qwest ladder
available in the Wire Center.
11.5 Each Party is responsible for the physical security of its employees, agents or
representatives. Providing safety glasses, gloves, etc. must be done by the respective
employing Party. Hazards handling and safety procedures relative to the Telecommunications
environment is the training responsibility of the employing Party. Proper use of tools, ladders,
and test gear is the training responsibility of the employing Party.
11.6 In the event that one Party's employees, agents or representatives inadvertently
damage or impair the equipment of the other Party, prompt notification will be given to the
damaged Party by verbal notification between the Parties' technicians at the site or by
telephone to each Party's 24 x 7 security numbers.
11.7 Each Party shall comply at all times with Qwest security and safety procedures
and requirements while performing work activities on Qwest's Premises.
11.8 Qwest will allow CLEC to inspect or observe spaces which house or contain
CLEC equipment or equipment enclosures at any time and to furnish CLEC with all keys, entry
codes, lock combinations, or other materials or information which may be needed to gain entry
into any secured CLEC space, in a manner consistent with that used by Qwest.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
266

Section 11
Network Security
11.9 Qwest will limit the keys used in its keying systems for enclosed collocated
spaces which contain or house CLEC equipment or equipment enclosures to its employees and
representatives to emergency access only. CLEC shall further have the right to change locks
where deemed necessary for the protection and security of such spaces.
11.10 Keys may entail either metallic keys or combination electronic ID/key cards. It is
solely the responsibility of CLEC to ensure keys are not shared with unauthorized personnel
and recover keys and electronic ID/keys promptly from discharged personnel, such that office
security is always maintained. Qwest has similar responsibility for its employees.
11.11 CLEC will train its employees, agents and vendors on Qwest security policies
and guidelines.
11.12 When working on Qwest ICDF Frames or in Qwest's common or CLEC
equipment line-ups, Qwest and CLEC employees, agents and vendors agree to adhere to
Qwest quality and performance standards provided by Qwest and as specified in this
Agreement.
11.13 CLEC shall report all material losses to Qwest Security. All security incidents are
to be referred directly to local Qwest Security – 1-888-879-7328. In cases of emergency, CLEC
shall call 911 and 1-888-879-7328.
11.14 Qwest and CLEC employees, agents and vendors will display the
identification/access card above the waist and visible at all times.
11.15 Qwest and CLEC shall ensure adherence by their employees, agents and
vendors to all applicable Qwest environmental health and safety regulations. This includes all
fire/life safety matters, OSHA, EPA, Federal, State and local regulations, including evacuation
plans and indoor air quality.
11.16 Qwest and CLEC employees, agents and vendors will secure and lock all doors
and gates.
11.17 CLEC will report to Qwest all property and equipment losses immediately, any
lost cards or keys, vandalism, unsecured conditions, security violations, anyone who is
unauthorized to be in the work area or is not wearing the Qwest identification/access card.
11.18 Qwest and CLEC's employees, agents and vendors shall comply with Qwest
Central Office fire and safety regulations, which include but are not limited to, wearing safety
glasses in designated areas, keeping doors and aisles free and clean of trip hazards such as
wire, checking ladders before moving, not leaving test equipment or tools on rolling ladders, not
blocking doors open, providing safety straps and cones in installation areas, using electrostatic
discharge protection, and exercising good housekeeping.
11.19 Smoking is not allowed in Qwest buildings, Wire Centers, or other Qwest
facilities. No open flames shall be permitted anywhere within the buildings, Wire Centers or
other facilities. Failure to abide by this restriction may result in denial of access for that
individual and may constitute a violation of the access rules, subjecting CLEC employee, agent
or vendor to denial of unescorted access. Qwest shall provide written notice within five (5) Days
of CLEC violation of this provision to CLEC prior to denial of access and such notice shall
include: 1) identification of the violation of this provision and the personnel involved, 2)
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
267

Section 11
Network Security
identification of the safety regulation violated, and 3) date and location of such violation. CLEC
will have five (5) Days to remedy any such violation for which it has received notice from Qwest.
In the event that CLEC fails to remedy any such violation of which it has received notice within
such five (5) Days following receipt of such notice, CLEC shall be denied unescorted access to
the affected Premises. In the event CLEC disputes any action Qwest seeks to take or has
taken pursuant to this provision, CLEC may pursue immediate resolution by expedited Dispute
Resolution.
11.20 No flammable or explosive fluids or materials are to be kept or used anywhere
within the Qwest buildings or on the grounds.
11.21 No weapons of any type are allowed on Qwest Premises. Vehicles on Qwest
property are subject to this restriction as well.
11.22 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, CLEC's employees, agents or
vendors may not make any modifications, alterations, additions or repairs to any space within
the building or on the grounds, provided, however, nothing in Section 11 shall prevent CLEC, its
employees or agents from performing modifications, alterations, additions or repairs to its own
equipment or facilities.
11.23 Qwest employees may request CLEC's employees, agents or vendors to stop
any work activity that in their reasonable judgment is a jeopardy to personal safety or poses a
potential for damage to the Qwest Premises, Qwest equipment or Qwest services within the
facility until the situation is remedied. CLEC employees may report any work activity that in their
reasonable judgment is a jeopardy to personal safety or poses a potential for damage to the
building, CLEC equipment or CLEC services within the facility, to Qwest Service Assurance
(800-713-3666) and the reported work activity will be immediately stopped until the situation is
remedied. In the event such non-compliant activity occurs in a Qwest Central Office, notification
of the non-compliant activity may be made to the Central Office supervisor, and the Central
Office supervisor shall immediately stop the reported work activity until the situation is remedied.
The compliant Party shall provide immediate notice of the non-compliant work activity to the
non-compliant Party and such notice shall include: 1) identification of the non-compliant work
activity, 2) identification of the safety regulation violated, and 3) date and location of safety
violation. If such non-compliant work activities pose an immediate threat to the safety of the
other Party's employees, interference with the performance of the other Party's service
obligations, or pose an immediate threat to the physical integrity of the other Party's facilities,
the compliant Party may perform such work and/or take action as is necessary to correct the
condition at the non-compliant Party's expense. In the event the non-compliant Party disputes
any action the compliant Party seeks to take or has taken pursuant to this provision, the non-
compliant Party may pursue immediate resolution by expedited Dispute Resolution. If the non-
compliant Party fails to correct any safety non-compliance within ten (10) Days of written notice
of non-compliance, or if such non-compliance cannot be corrected within ten (10) Days of
written notice of non-compliance, and if the non-compliant Party fails to take all appropriate
steps to correct as soon as reasonably possible, the compliant Party may pursue immediate
resolution by expedited Dispute Resolution.
11.24 Qwest is not liable for any damage, theft or personal injury resulting from CLEC's
employees, agents or vendors parking in a Qwest parking area.
11.25 CLEC's employees, agents or vendors outside the designated CLEC access
area, or without proper identification may be asked to vacate the Premises and Qwest security
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
268

Section 11
Network Security
may be notified. Continued violations may result in termination of access privileges. Qwest
shall provide immediate notice of the security violation to CLEC and such notice shall include:
1) identification of the security violation, 2) identification of the security regulation violated, and
3) date and location of security violation. CLEC will have five (5) Days to remedy any such
alleged security violation before any termination of access privileges for such individual. In the
event CLEC disputes any action Qwest seeks to take or has taken pursuant to this provision,
CLEC may pursue immediate resolution by expedited or other Dispute Resolution.
11.26 Building related problems may be referred to the Qwest Work Environment
Centers:
800-879-3499 (CO, WY, AZ, NM)
800-201-7033 (all other Qwest states)
11.27 CLEC will submit a Qwest Collocation Access Application form for individuals
needing to access Qwest facilities. CLEC and Qwest will meet to review applications and
security requirements.
11.28 CLEC employees, agents and vendors will utilize only corridors, stairways and
elevators that provide direct access to CLEC's space or the nearest restroom facility. Such
access will be covered in orientation meetings. Access shall not be permitted to any other
portions of the building.
11.29 CLEC will collect identification/access cards for any employees, agents or
vendors no longer working on behalf of CLEC and forward them to Qwest Security. If cards or
keys cannot be collected, CLEC will immediately notify Qwest at 800-210-8169.
11.30 CLEC will assist Qwest in validation and verification of identification of its
employees, agents and vendors by providing a telephone contact available seven (7) Days a
week, twenty-four (24) hours a Day.
11.31 Qwest and CLEC employees, agents and vendors will notify Qwest Service
Assurance (800-713-3666) prior to gaining access into a Central Office after hours, for the
purpose of disabling Central Office alarms for CLEC access. Normal business hours are 7:00
a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
11.32 CLEC will notify Qwest if CLEC has information that its employee, agent or
vendor poses a safety and/or security risk. Qwest may deny access to anyone who in the
reasonable judgment of Qwest threatens the safety or security of facilities or personnel.
11.33 CLEC will supply to Qwest Security, and keep up to date, a list of its employees,
agents and vendors who require access to CLEC's space. The list will include names and
social security numbers. Names of employees, agents or vendors to be added to the list will be
provided to Qwest Security, who will provide it to the appropriate Qwest personnel.
11.34 Revenue Protection. Qwest shall make available to CLEC all present and future
fraud prevention or revenue protection features. These features include, but are not limited to,
screening codes, information digits '29' and '70' which indicate prison and COCOT pay phone
originating line types respectively; call blocking of domestic, international, 800, 888, 900, NPA-
976, 700 and 500 numbers. Qwest shall additionally provide partitioned access to fraud
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
269

Section 11
Network Security
prevention, detection and control functionality within pertinent Operations Support Systems
which include but are not limited to LIDB Fraud monitoring systems.
11.34.1 Uncollectable or unbillable revenues resulting from, but not confined to,
Provisioning, maintenance, or signal network routing errors shall be the responsibility of
the Party causing such error or malicious acts, if such malicious acts could have
reasonably been avoided.
11.34.2 Uncollectible or unbillable revenues resulting from the accidental or
malicious alteration of software underlying Network Elements or their subtending
Operational Support Systems by unauthorized third parties that could have reasonably
been avoided shall be the responsibility of the Party having administrative control of
access to said Network Element or operational support system software.
11.34.3 Qwest shall be responsible for any direct uncollectible or unbillable
revenues resulting from the unauthorized physical attachment to Loop facilities from the
Main Distribution Frame up to and including the Network Interface Device, including clip-
on fraud, if Qwest could have reasonably prevented such fraud.
11.34.4 To the extent that incremental costs are directly attributable to a revenue
protection capability requested by CLEC, those costs will be borne by CLEC.
11.34.5 To the extent that either Party is liable to any toll provider for fraud and to
the extent that either Party could have reasonably prevented such fraud, the Party who
could have reasonably prevented such fraud must indemnify the other for any fraud due
to compromise of its network (e.g., clip-on, missing information digits, missing toll
restriction, etc.).
11.34.6 If Qwest becomes aware of potential fraud with respect to CLEC's
accounts, Qwest will promptly inform CLEC and, at the direction of CLEC, take
reasonable action to mitigate the fraud where such action is possible.
11.35 Law Enforcement Interface. Qwest provides emergency assistance to 911
centers and law enforcement agencies seven (7) Days a week/twenty-four (24) hours a Day.
Assistance includes, but is not limited to, release of 911 trace and subscriber information; in-
progress trace requests; establishing emergency trace equipment, release of information from
an emergency trap/trace or *57 trace; requests for emergency subscriber information;
assistance to law enforcement agencies in hostage/barricade situations, kidnappings, bomb
threats, extortion/scams, runaways and life threats.
11.36 Qwest provides trap/trace, pen register and Title III assistance directly to law
enforcement, if such assistance is directed by a court order. This service is provided during
normal business hours, Monday through Friday. Exceptions are addressed in the above
paragraph. The charges for these services will be billed directly to the law enforcement agency,
without involvement of CLEC, for any lines served from Qwest Wire Centers or cross boxes.
11.37 In all cases involving telephone lines served from Qwest Wire Centers or cross
boxes, whether the line is a resold line or Unbundled Loop element, Qwest will perform
trap/trace Title III and pen register assistance directly with law enforcement. CLEC will not be
involved or notified of such actions, due to non-disclosure court order considerations, as well as
timely response duties when law enforcement agencies are involved. Exceptions to the above
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
270

Section 11
Network Security
will be those cases, as yet undetermined, where CLEC must participate due to technical
reasons wherein its circuitry must be accessed or modified to comply with law enforcement, or
for legal reasons that may evolve over time. CLEC will provide Qwest with a twenty-four (24)
hours a Day, seven (7) Days a week contact for processing such requests, should they occur.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
271

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
Section 12.0 - ACCESS TO OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS)
12.1 Description
12.1.1 Qwest has developed and shall continue to provide Operational Support System
(OSS) interfaces using electronic gateways and manual processes. These gateways act as a
mediation or control point between CLEC's and Qwest's OSS. These gateways provide security
for the interfaces, protecting the integrity of the Qwest OSS and databases. Qwest's OSS
interfaces have been developed to support Pre-ordering, Ordering and Provisioning,
Maintenance and Repair and Billing. This section describes the interfaces and manual
processes that Qwest has developed and shall provide to CLEC. Additional technical
information and details shall be provided by Qwest in training sessions and documentation and
support, such as the "Interconnect Mediated Access User's Guide." Qwest will continue to
make improvements to the electronic interfaces as technology evolves, Qwest's legacy systems
improve, or CLEC needs require. Qwest shall provide notification to CLEC consistent with the
provisions of the Change Management Process (CMP) set forth in Section 12.2.6.
12.1.2 Through its electronic gateways and manual processes, Qwest shall provide
CLEC non-discriminatory access to Qwest's OSS for Pre-ordering, Ordering and Provisioning,
Maintenance and Repair, and Billing functions. For those functions with a retail analogue, such
as pre-ordering and ordering and Provisioning of resold services, Qwest shall provide CLEC
access to its OSS in substantially the same time and manner as it provides to itself. For those
functions with no retail analogue, such as pre-ordering and ordering and Provisioning of
Unbundled Elements, Qwest shall provide CLEC access to Qwest's OSS sufficient to allow an
efficient competitor a meaningful opportunity to compete. Qwest will comply with the standards
for access to OSS set forth in Section 20. Qwest shall deploy the necessary systems and
personnel to provide sufficient access to each of the necessary OSS functions. Qwest shall
provide assistance for CLEC to understand how to implement and use all of the available OSS
functions. Qwest shall provide CLEC sufficient electronic and manual interfaces to allow CLEC
equivalent access to all of the necessary OSS functions. Through its web site, training,
disclosure documentation and development assistance, Qwest shall disclose to CLEC any
internal business rules and other formatting information necessary to ensure that CLEC's
requests and orders are processed efficiently. Qwest shall provide training to enable CLEC to
devise its own course work for its own employees. Through its documentation available to
CLEC, Qwest will identify how its interface differs from national guidelines or standards. Qwest
shall provide OSS designed to accommodate both current demand and reasonably foreseeable
demand.
12.2 OSS Support for Pre-ordering, Ordering and Provisioning
12.2.0 Qwest will establish interface contingency plans and disaster recovery plans for
the interfaces described in this Section. Qwest will work cooperatively with CLECs through the
CMP to consider any suggestions made by CLECs to improve or modify such plans. CLEC-
specific requests for modifications to such plans will be negotiated and mutually agreed upon
between Qwest and CLEC.
12.2.0.1 Ordering and Provisioning
12.2.0.1.1 Ordering and Provisioning - Qwest will provide access to ordering
and status functions. CLEC will populate the service request to identify what
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
272

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
features, services, or elements it wishes Qwest to provision in accordance with
Qwest’s published business rules.
12.2.0.1.2 Qwest will provide all Provisioning services to CLEC during the
same business hours that Qwest provisions services for its End User Customers.
Qwest will provide out-of-hours Provisioning services to CLEC on a non-
discriminatory basis, as it provides such Provisioning services to itself, its End
User Customers, its Affiliates or any other Party. Qwest shall disclose the
business rules regarding out-of-hours Provisioning on its wholesale web site.
12.2.0.1.3 When CLEC places a manual order, Qwest will provide CLEC with
a manual Firm Order Confirmation (FOC) notice. The confirmation notice will
follow industry-standard formats.
12.2.0.1.4 Business rules regarding rejection of Local Service Requests
(LSR) or Access Service Requests (ASR) are subject to the provisions of Section
12.2.6.
12.2.0.1.5 When Qwest provides installation on behalf of CLEC, Qwest will
advise CLEC’s End User Customer to notify CLEC immediately if the End User
Customer requests a service change at the time of installation.
12.2.1 Ordering Process
12.2.1.1 Local Service Requests (LSR)
12.2.1.1.1 Qwest shall provide electronic interface gateways for submission
of LSRs, including both an application-to-application interface and a Graphical
User Interface (GUI).
12.2.1.1.2 The interface guidelines for the application-to-application interface
are based upon the Order & Billing Forum (OBF) Local Service Order Guidelines
(LSOG), and the appropriate electronic transmission standards. Exceptions to
the above guidelines/standards shall be specified in the Interconnect Mediated
Access (IMA) disclosure documents.
12.2.1.1.3 The GUI shall provide a single interface for Pre-order and Order
transactions from CLEC to Qwest and is browser based. The GUI interface shall
be based on the LSOG and utilizes a WEB standard technology, Hyper Text
Markup Language (HTML), JAVA and the Transmission Control Protocol/Internet
Protocol (TCP/IP) to transmit messages.
12.2.1.1.4 Functions Pre-ordering - Qwest will provide real time, electronic
access to pre-order functions to support CLEC's ordering via the electronic
interfaces described herein. Qwest will make the following real time pre-order
functions available to CLEC:
12.2.1.1.4.1 Features, services and Primary Interexchange Carrier
(PIC) options for IntraLATA toll and InterLATA toll available at a valid
service address;
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
273

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.2.1.1.4.2 Access to Customer Service Records (CSRs) for Qwest
retail or resale End User Customers. The information will include Billing
name, service address, Billing address, service and feature subscription,
Directory Listing information, and Long Distance Carrier identity;
12.2.1.1.4.3 Telephone number request and selection;
12.2.1.1.4.4 Reservation of appointments for service installations
requiring the dispatch of a Qwest technician on a non-discriminatory
basis;
12.2.1.1.4.5 Information regarding whether dispatch is required for
service installation and available installation appointments;
12.2.1.1.4.6 Service address verification;
12.2.1.1.4.7 Facility availability, Loop qualification and Loop make-up
information, including, but not limited to, Loop length, presence of Bridged
Taps, repeaters, and loading coils;
12.2.1.1.4.8 A list of valid available CFAs for Unbundled Loops;
12.2.1.1.4.9 A list of one to five (1-5) individual Meet Points or a range
of Meet Points for shared Loops;
12.2.1.1.4.10 Design Layout Record (DLR) Query which provides the
layout for the local portion of a circuit at a particular location where
applicable;
12.2.1.1.4.11 NC/NCI combinations supported by IMA flow-through can
be addressed;
12.2.1.1.4.12 Raw Loop Data can be validated in IMA and QORA and
retrieved by segments and sub-segments; and
12.2.1.1.4.13 Loop Qualification for ISDN and Qwest DSL services can
be performed using IMA Loop Qualification Tool.
12.2.1.1.5 When CLEC places an electronic order, Qwest will provide
CLEC with an electronic FOC. The FOC will follow industry-standard formats
and contain the Qwest Due Date for order completion. Upon completion of the
order, Qwest supplies two (2) completion notices: 1) service order completion
(SOC) which notifies CLEC when the service order record was completed, and 2)
Billing completion that notifies CLEC that the service order has posted to the
Billing system.
12.2.1.1.6 When CLEC places an electronic order, Qwest will provide
notification electronically of any instances when 1) Qwest’s Committed Due Date
is in jeopardy of not being met by Qwest, or 2) an order is rejected. The
standards for returning such notices are set forth in Section 20.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
274

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.2.1.1.7 When CLEC places a manual order, Qwest provide notification
of any instances when 1) Qwest’s committed Due Date is in jeopardy of not being
met by Qwest on any service, or 2) an order is rejected. The standards for
returning such notices are set forth in Section 20.
12.2.1.1.8 Dial-Up Capabilities
12.2.1.1.8.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
12.2.1.1.8.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
12.2.1.1.8.3 When CLEC requests from Qwest more than fifty (50)
SecurIDs for use by CLEC Customer service representatives at a single
CLEC location, CLEC shall use a T1 line instead of dial-up access at that
location. If CLEC is obtaining the line from Qwest, then CLEC shall be
able to use SecurIDs until such time as Qwest provisions the T1 line and
the line permits pre-order and order information to be exchanged between
Qwest and CLEC.
12.2.1.1.9 Application-to-application Facilities-based Listing Process.
Qwest shall provide an application-to-application facilities-based listing interface
to enable CLEC’s listing data to be translated and passed into the Qwest listing
database. This interface is based upon OBF LSOG and the appropriate
electronic transmission standards. Qwest shall supply exceptions to these
guidelines/standards in writing in sufficient time for CLEC to adjust system
requirements.
12.2.1.2 Access Service Request (ASR)
12.2.1.2.1 Qwest shall provide a computer-to-computer batch file interface,
an application-to-application interface, and a GUI interface for submission of
ASRs based upon the OBF Access Service Order Guidelines (ASOG). Qwest
shall supply exceptions to these guidelines in writing in sufficient time for CLEC
to adjust system requirements.
12.2.1.2.2 Functions Pre-ordering. Qwest will provide real time, electronic
access to pre-order functions to support CLEC’s ordering via the electronic
interfaces described in this Section. Qwest will make the following real time pre-
order functions available to CLEC:
12.2.1.2.2.1 Service Address validation;
12.2.1.2.2.2 CFA validation;
12.2.1.2.2.3 NC-NCI validation;
12.2.1.2.2.4 BAN validation; and
12.2.1.2.2.5 CLLI validation.
12.2.1.2.3 When CLEC places an electronic or manual order,
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
275

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
Qwest will provide notification of any instances when 1) Qwest’s committed Due
Date is in jeopardy of not being met by Qwest, or 2) an order is rejected. The
standards for returning such notices are set forth in Section 20.
12.2.1.2.4 When CLEC places an electronic order, Qwest will provide
CLEC with an electronic Firm Order Confirmation notice (FOC). The FOC will
follow industry-standard formats and contain the Qwest Due Date for order
completion.
12.2.2 Maintenance and Repair
12.2.2.1 Qwest shall provide electronic interface gateways, including an Electronic
Bonding interface and a GUI interface, for reviewing an End User Customer's trouble
history at a specific location, conducting testing of an End User Customer's service
where applicable, and reporting trouble to facilitate the exchange of updated information
and progress reports between Qwest and CLEC while the Trouble Report (TR) is open
and a Qwest technician is working on the resolution. CLEC may also report trouble
through manual processes. For designed services, the TR will not be closed prior to
verification by CLEC that trouble is cleared.
12.2.3 Interface Availability
12.2.3.1 Qwest shall make its OSS interfaces available to CLEC during the hours
listed in the Gateway Availability PIDs in Section 20.
12.2.3.2 Qwest shall notify CLEC in a timely manner regarding system downtime
through mass email distribution and pop-up windows as applicable.
12.2.4 Billing
12.2.4.1 For products billed out of the Qwest Interexchange Access Billing System
(IABS), Qwest will utilize the existing CABS/BOS format and technology for the
transmission of bills.
12.2.4.2 For products billed out of the Qwest Customer Record Information
System (CRIS), Qwest will utilize the existing EDI standard for the transmission of
monthly local Billing information. EDI is an established standard under the auspices of
the ANSI/ASC X12 Committee. A proper subset of this specification has been adopted
by the Telecommunications Industry Forum (TCIF) as the "811 Guidelines" specifically
for the purposes of Telecommunications Billing. Any deviance from these standards and
guidelines shall be documented and accessible to CLEC.
12.2.5 Outputs
Output information will be provided to CLEC in the form of bills, files, and reports. Bills will
capture all regular monthly and incremental/usage charges and present them in a summarized
format. The files and reports delivered to CLEC come in the following categories:
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
276

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
Usage Record File Line Usage Information
Loss and Completion Order Information
Category 11 Facility Based Line Usage Information
SAG/FAM Street Address/Facility Availability Information
12.2.5.1 Bills
12.2.5.1.1 CRIS Summary Bill - The CRIS Summary Bill represents a
monthly summary of charges for most wholesale products sold by Qwest. This
bill includes a total of all charges by entity plus a summary of current charges
and adjustments on each sub-account. Individual sub-accounts are provided as
Billing detail and contain monthly, one-time charges and incremental/call detail
information. The Summary Bill provides one bill and one payment document for
CLEC. These bills are segmented by state and bill cycle. The number of bills
received by CLEC is dictated by the product ordered and the Qwest region in
which CLEC is operating.
12.2.5.1.2 IABS Bill - The IABS Bill represents a monthly summary of
charges. This bill includes monthly and one-time charges plus a summary of any
usage charges. These bills are segmented by product, LATA, Billing account
number (BAN) and bill cycle.
12.2.5.2 Files and Reports
12.2.5.2.1 Daily Usage Record File provides the accumulated set of call
information for a given Day as captured or recorded by the network Switches.
This file will be transmitted Monday through Friday, excluding Qwest holidays.
This information is a file of unrated Qwest originated usage messages and rated
CLEC originated usage messages. It is provided in ATIS standard Electronic
Message Interface (EMI) format. This EMI format is outlined in the document
SR-320; which can be obtained directly from ATIS. The Daily Usage Record File
contains multi-state data for the Data Processing Center generating this
information. Individual state identification information is contained with the
message detail. Qwest will provide this data to CLEC with the same level of
precision and accuracy it provides itself. This file will be provided for resale
products.
12.2.5.2.2 The charge for this Daily Usage Record File is contained in Exhibit
A of this Agreement.
12.2.5.2.3 Routing of in-region IntraLATA Collect, Calling Card, and Third
Number Billed Messages - Qwest will distribute in-region IntraLATA collect,
calling card, and third number billed messages to CLEC and exchange with other
CLECs operating in region in a manner consistent with existing inter-company
processing agreements. Whenever the daily usage information is transmitted to
a Carrier, it will contain these records for these types of calls as well.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
277

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.2.5.2.4 Loss Report provides CLEC with a daily report that contains a
list of accounts that have had lines and/or services disconnected. This may
indicate that the End User Customer has changed CLECs or removed services
from an existing account. This report also details the order number, service
name and address, and date this change was made. Individual reports will be
provided for resale and Unbundled Loop products.
12.2.5.2.5 Completion Report provides CLEC with a daily report. This
report is used to advise CLEC that the order(s) for the service(s) requested is
complete. It details the order number, service name and address and date this
change was completed. Individual reports will be provided for resale and
Unbundled Loop products.
12.2.5.2.6 Category 11 Records are Exchange Message Records (EMR)
which provide mechanized record formats that can be used to exchange access
usage information between Qwest and CLEC. Category 1101 series records are
used to exchange detailed access usage information.
12.2.5.2.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
12.2.5.2.8 SAG/FAM Files. The SAG (Street Address Guide)/FAM (Features
Availability Matrix) files contain the following information:
a) SAG provides Address and Serving Central Office Information.
b) FAM provides USOCs and descriptions by state (POTS services
only), and USOC availability by NPA-NXX with the exception of Centrex.
InterLATA/IntraLATA Carriers by NPA-NXX.
These files are made available via a download process. They can be retrieved
by FTP (File Transfer Protocol), NDM connectivity, or a Web browser.
12.2.6 Change Management. Qwest agrees to maintain a change management
process, known as (CMP), that is consistent with or exceeds industry guidelines, standards and
practices to address Qwest's OSS, products and processes. The CMP shall include, but not be
limited to, utilization of the following: (i) a forum for CLEC and Qwest to discuss CLEC and
Qwest change requests (CR), CMP notifications, systems release life cycles, and
communications; (ii) provide a forum for CLECs and Qwest to discuss and prioritize CRs, where
applicable pursuant to the CMP Document; (iii) a mechanism to track and monitor CRs and
CMP notifications; (iv) established intervals where appropriate in the process; (v) processes by
which CLEC impacts that result from changes to Qwest's OSS, products or processes can be
promptly and effectively resolved; (vi) processes that are effective in maintaining the shortest
timeline practicable for the receipt, development and implementation of all CRs; (vii) sufficient
dedicated Qwest processes to address and resolve in a timely manner CRs and other issues
that come before the CMP body; (viii) processes for OSS Interface testing; (ix) information that
is clearly organized and readily accessible to CLECs, including the availability of web-based
tools; (x) documentation provided by Qwest that is effective in enabling CLECs to build an
electronic gateway; and (xi) a process for changing CMP that calls for collaboration among
CLECs and Qwest and requires agreement by the CMP participants. Pursuant to the scope and
procedures set forth in the CMP Document, Qwest will submit to CLECs through the CMP,
among other things, modifications to existing products and technical documentation available to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
278

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
CLECs, introduction of new products available to CLECs, discontinuance of products available
to CLECs, modifications to pre-ordering, ordering/provisioning, maintenance/repair or billing
processes, introduction of pre-ordering, ordering/provisioning, maintenance/repair or billing
processes, discontinuance of pre-ordering, ordering/provisioning, maintenance/repair or billing
processes, modifications to existing OSS interfaces, introduction of new OSS interfaces, and
retirement of existing OSS interfaces. Qwest will maintain as part of CMP an escalation
process so that CMP issues can be escalated to a Qwest representative authorized to make a
final decision and a process for the timely resolution of disputes. The governing document for
CMP, known as the "Change Management Process" Document is the subject of ongoing
negotiations between Qwest and CLECs in the ongoing CMP. The CMP Document will
continue to be changed through those discussions. The CMP Document reflects the
commitments Qwest has made regarding maintaining its CMP and Qwest commits to implement
agreements made in the CMP process as soon as practicable after they are made. The CMP
Document will be subject to change through the CMP, as set forth in the CMP Document.
Qwest will maintain the most current version of the CMP Document on its wholesale web site.
12.2.6.1 In the course of establishing operational ready system interfaces between
Qwest and CLEC to support local service delivery, CLEC and Qwest may need to define
and implement system interface specifications that are supplemental to existing
standards. CLEC and Qwest will submit such specifications to the appropriate
standards committee and will work towards their acceptance as standards.
12.2.6.2 Release updates will be implemented pursuant to the CMP.
12.2.6.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
12.2.7 CLEC Responsibilities for Implementation of OSS Interfaces
12.2.7.1 Before CLEC implementation can begin, CLEC must completely and
accurately answer the New Customer Questionnaire as required in Section 3.2.
12.2.7.2 Once Qwest receives a complete and accurate New Customer
Questionnaire, Qwest and CLEC will mutually agree upon time frames for
implementation of connectivity between CLEC and the OSS interfaces.
12.2.8 Qwest Responsibilities for On-going Support for OSS Interfaces
Qwest will support previous application-to-application releases for six (6) months after the next
subsequent release has been deployed.
12.2.8.1 Qwest will provide written notice to CLEC of the need to migrate to a new
release.
12.2.8.2 Qwest will provide an Implementation Coordinator to work with CLEC for
business scenario re-certification, migration and data conversion strategy definition.
12.2.8.3 Re-certification is the process by which CLEC demonstrates the ability to
generate correct functional transactions for enhancements not previously certified.
Qwest will provide the suite of tests for re-certification to CLEC with the issuance of the
disclosure document.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
279

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.2.8.4 Qwest shall provide training mechanisms for CLEC to pursue in educating
its internal personnel. Qwest shall provide training necessary for CLEC to use Qwest's
OSS interfaces and to understand Qwest's documentation, including Qwest's business
rules.
12.2.9 CLEC Responsibilities for On-going Support for OSS Interfaces
12.2.9.1 If using the GUI interface, CLEC will take reasonable efforts to train CLEC
personnel on the GUI functions that CLEC will be using.
12.2.9.2 An application-to-application exchange protocol will be used to transport
electronically-formatted content. CLEC must perform certification testing of exchange
protocol prior to using the application-to-application interface.
12.2.9.3 Qwest will provide CLEC with access to a stable testing environment that
mirrors production to certify that its OSS will be capable of interacting smoothly and
efficiently with Qwest's OSS. Qwest has established the following test processes to
assure the implementation of a solid interface between Qwest and CLEC:
12.2.9.3.1 Connectivity Testing – CLEC and Qwest will conduct
connectivity testing. This test will establish the ability of the trading partners to
send and receive electronic messages effectively. This test verifies the
communications between the trading partners. Connectivity is established during
each phase of the implementation cycle. This test is also conducted prior to
controlled production and before going live in the production environment if
CLEC or Qwest has implemented environment changes when moving into
production.
12.2.9.3.2 Stand-Alone Testing Environment (SATE) regression testing:
Qwest's stand-alone testing environment will take pre-order and order requests,
pass them to the stand-alone database, and return responses to CLEC during its
development and implementation of application-to-application interface.
Regression testing-SATE provides CLEC the opportunity to validate its technical
development efforts built via Qwest documentation without the need to schedule
test times. This testing verifies CLEC's ability to send correctly formatted
electronic transactions through the IMA system edits successfully for both new
and existing releases. SATE uses test account data supplied by Qwest. Qwest
will make additions to the test beds and test accounts as it introduces new OSS
electronic interface capabilities, including support of new products and services,
new interface features, and functionalities. All SATE pre-order queries and
orders are subjected to the same edits as production pre-order and order
transactions. This testing phase is optional.
12.2.9.3.3 SATE-progression testing: CLEC has the option of participating
with Qwest in progression testing to provide CLEC with the opportunity to
validate technical development efforts and to quantify processing results.
Progression testing provides CLEC the opportunity to validate its technical
development efforts built via Qwest documentation without the need to schedule
test times. This testing verifies CLEC's ability to send correctly formatted
electronic transactions through IMA system edits successfully for both new and
existing releases. SATE uses test account data supplied by Qwest. Qwest will
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
280

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
make additions to the test beds and test accounts as it introduces new OSS
electronic interface capabilities, including support of new products and services,
new interface features, and functionalities. All SATE pre-order queries and
orders are subjected to the same edits as production pre-order and order
transactions. This testing phase is required.
12.2.9.3.4 Controlled Production – Qwest and CLEC will perform controlled
production. The controlled production process is designed to validate the ability
of CLEC to transmit electronic data that completely meets the appropriate
electronic transmission standards and complies with all Qwest business rules.
Controlled production consists of the controlled submission of actual CLEC
production requests to the Qwest production environment. Qwest treats these
pre-order queries and orders as production pre-order and order transactions.
Qwest and CLEC use controlled production results to determine operational
readiness. Controlled production requires the use of valid account and order
data. All certification orders are considered to be live orders and will be
provisioned.
12.2.9.3.5 If CLEC is using the application-to-application interface, Qwest
shall provide CLEC with a pre-allotted amount of time to complete certification of
its business scenarios. Qwest will allow CLEC a reasonably sufficient amount of
time during the day and a reasonably sufficient number of days during the week
to complete certification of its business scenarios consistent with CLEC's
business plan. It is the sole responsibility of CLEC to schedule an appointment
with Qwest for certification of its business scenarios. CLEC must make every
effort to comply with the agreed upon dates and times scheduled for the
certification of its business scenarios. If the certification of business scenarios is
delayed due to CLEC, it is the sole responsibility of CLEC to schedule new
appointments for certification of its business scenarios. Qwest will make
reasonable efforts to accommodate CLEC schedule. Conflicts in the schedule
could result in certification being delayed. If a delay is due to Qwest, Qwest will
honor CLEC's schedule through the use of alternative hours.
12.2.9.4 If CLEC is using the application-to-application interface, CLEC must work
with Qwest to certify the business scenarios that CLEC will be using in order to ensure
successful transaction processing. Qwest and CLEC shall mutually agree to the
business scenarios for which CLEC requires certification. Certification will be granted for
the specified release of the interface. If CLEC is certifying multiple products or services,
CLEC has the option of certifying those products or services serially or in parallel where
Technically Feasible.
12.2.9.4.1 For a new software release or upgrade, Qwest will provide
CLEC a stable testing environment that mirrors the production environment in
order for CLEC to test the new release. For software releases and upgrades,
Qwest has implemented the testing processes set forth in Sections 12.2.9.3.2,
12.2.9.3.3 and 12.2.9.3.4.
12.2.9.5 New releases of the application-to-application interface may require re-
certification of some or all business scenarios. A determination as to the need for re-
certification will be made by the Qwest coordinator in conjunction with the release
manager of each IMA release. Notice of the need for re-certification will be provided to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
281

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
CLEC as the new release is implemented. The suite of re-certification test scenarios will
be provided to CLEC with the disclosure document. If CLEC is certifying multiple
products or services, CLEC has the option of certifying those products or services
serially or in parallel, where Technically Feasible.
12.2.9.6 CLEC will contact the Qwest Implementation Coordinator to initiate the
migration process. CLEC may not need to certify to every new IMA application-to-
application release, however, CLEC must complete the re-certification and migration to
the new release within six (6) months of the deployment of the new release. CLEC will
use reasonable efforts to provide sufficient support and personnel to ensure that issues
that arise in migrating to the new release are handled in a timely manner.
12.2.9.6.1 The following rules apply to initial development and certification
of IMA application-to-application interface versions and migration to subsequent
application-to-application interface versions:
12.2.9.6.1.1 SATE regression or SATE progression
interoperability testing must begin on the prior release before the next
release is implemented. Otherwise, CLEC will be required to move its
implementation plan to the next release.
12.2.9.6.1.2 New IMA application-to-application users must be
certified and in production with at least one (1) product and one (1) order
activity type on a prior release two (2) months after the implementation of
the next release. Otherwise, CLEC will be required to move its
implementation plan to the next release.
12.2.9.6.1.3 Any IMA application-to-application user that has
been placed into production on the prior release not later than two (2)
months after the next release implementation may continue certifying
additional products and activities until two (2) months prior to the
retirement of the release. To be placed into production, the
products/order activities must have been tested in the SATE environment
before two (2) months after the implementation of the next release.
12.2.9.7 CLEC will be expected to execute the re-certification test cases in the
stand alone test environment. CLEC will provide Purchase Order Numbers (PONs) of
the successful test cases to Qwest.
12.2.9.8 In addition to the testing set forth in other sections of Section 12.2.9, upon
request by CLEC, Qwest shall enter into negotiations for comprehensive production test
procedures. In the event that agreement is not reached, CLEC shall be entitled to
employ, at its choice, the Dispute Resolution procedures of this Agreement or expedited
resolution through request to the state Commission to resolve any differences. In such
cases, CLEC shall be entitled to testing that is reasonably necessary to accommodate
identified business plans or operations needs, accounting for any other testing relevant
to those plans or needs. As part of the resolution of such dispute, there shall be
considered the issue of assigning responsibility for the costs of such testing. Absent a
finding that the test scope and activities address issues of common interest to the CLEC
community, the costs shall be assigned to CLEC requesting the test procedures.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
282

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.2.10 CLEC Support
12.2.10.1 Qwest shall provide documentation and assistance for CLEC to
understand how to implement and use all of the available OSS functions. Qwest shall
provide to CLEC in writing any internal business rules and other formatting information
necessary to ensure that CLEC's requests and orders are processed efficiently. This
assistance will include, but is not limited to, contacts to the CLEC account team, training,
documentation, and CLEC Help Desk. Qwest will also supply CLEC with an escalation
level contact list in the event issues are not resolved via contacts to the CLEC account
team, training, documentation and CLEC Help Desk.
12.2.10.2 CLEC Help Desk
12.2.10.2.1 The CLEC Systems Help Desk will provide a single point of
entry for CLEC to gain assistance in areas involving connectivity, system
availability, and file outputs. The CLEC Systems Help Desk areas are further
described below.
12.2.10.2.1.1 Connectivity covers trouble with CLEC's access to
the Qwest system for hardware configuration requirements with relevance
to application-to-application and GUI interfaces; software configuration
requirements with relevance to application-to-application and GUI
interfaces; modem configuration requirements, T1 configuration and dial-
in string requirements, firewall access configuration, web-services
configuration, SecurID configuration, Profile Setup, and password
verification.
12.2.10.2.1.2 System Availability covers system errors generated
during an attempt by CLEC to place orders or open trouble reports
through application-to-application and GUI interfaces. These system
errors are limited to: Resale/POTS; UNE POTS; Design Services and
Repair.
12.2.10.2.1.3 File Outputs covers CLEC's output files and reports
produced from its usage and order activity. File outputs system errors are
limited to: Daily Usage File; Loss / Completion File, IABS Bill, CRIS
Summary Bill, Category 11 Report and SAG/FAM Reports.
12.2.10.3 Additional assistance to CLEC is available through various public web
sites. These web sites provide electronic interface training information and user
documentation and technical specifications and are located on Qwest's wholesale web
site. Qwest will provide Interconnect Service Center Help Desks which will provide a
single point of contact for CLEC to gain assistance in areas involving order submission
and manual processes.
12.2.11 Compensation/Cost Recovery
Recurring and nonrecurring OSS charges, as applicable, will be billed at rates set forth in
Exhibit A. Any such rates will be consistent with Existing Rules. Qwest shall not impose any
recurring or nonrecurring OSS charges unless and until the Commission authorizes Qwest to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
283

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
impose such charges and/or approves applicable rates at the completion of appropriate cost
docket proceedings.
12.3 Maintenance and Repair
12.3.1 Service Levels
12.3.1.1 Qwest will provide repair and maintenance for all services covered by this
Agreement in substantially the same time and manner as that which Qwest provides for
itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any other party. Qwest shall provide
CLEC repair status information in substantially the same time and manner as Qwest
provides for its retail services.
12.3.1.2 During the term of this Agreement, Qwest will provide necessary
maintenance business process support to allow CLEC to provide similar service quality
to that provided by Qwest to itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any other
party.
12.3.1.3 Qwest will perform repair service that is substantially the same in
timeliness and quality to that which it provides to itself, its End User Customers, its
Affiliates, or any other party. Trouble calls from CLEC shall receive response time
priority that is substantially the same as that provided to Qwest, its End User Customers,
its Affiliates, or any other party and shall be handled in a nondiscriminatory manner.
12.3.2 Branding
12.3.2.1 Qwest shall use unbranded Maintenance and Repair forms while
interfacing with CLEC End User Customers. Upon request, Qwest shall use CLEC
provided and branded Maintenance and Repair forms. Qwest may not unreasonably
interfere with branding by CLEC.
12.3.2.2 Except as specifically permitted by CLEC, in no event shall Qwest provide
information to CLEC subscribers about CLEC or CLEC product or services.
12.3.2.3 This section shall confer on Qwest no rights to the service marks,
trademarks and trade names owned by or used in connection with services offered by
CLEC or its Affiliates, except as expressly permitted by CLEC.
12.3.3 Service Interruptions
12.3.3.1 The characteristics and methods of operation of any circuits, facilities or
equipment of either Party connected with the services, facilities or equipment of the
other Party pursuant to this Agreement shall not: 1) interfere with or impair service over
any facilities of the other Party, its affiliated companies, or its connecting and concurring
Carriers involved in its services; 2) cause damage to the plant of the other Party, its
affiliated companies, or its connecting concurring Carriers involved in its services; 3)
violate any Applicable Law or regulation regarding the invasion of privacy of any
communications carried over the Party's facilities; or 4) create hazards to the employees
of either Party or to the public. Each of these requirements is hereinafter referred to as
an "Impairment of Service".
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
284

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.3.3.2 If it is confirmed that either Party is causing an Impairment of Service, as
set forth in this Section, the Party whose network or service is being impaired (the
"Impaired Party") shall promptly notify the Party causing the Impairment of Service (the
"Impairing Party") of the nature and location of the problem. The Impaired Party shall
advise the Impairing Party that, unless promptly rectified, a temporary discontinuance of
the use of any circuit, facility or equipment may be required. The Impairing Party and
the Impaired Party agree to work together to attempt to promptly resolve the Impairment
of Service. If the Impairing Party is unable to promptly remedy the Impairment of
Service, the Impaired Party may temporarily discontinue use of the affected circuit,
facility or equipment.
12.3.3.3 To facilitate trouble reporting and to coordinate the repair of the service
provided by each Party to the other under this Agreement, each Party shall designate a
repair center for such service.
12.3.3.4 Each Party shall furnish a trouble reporting telephone number for the
designated repair center. This number shall give access to the location where records
are normally located and where current status reports on any trouble reports are readily
available. If necessary, alternative out-of-hours procedures shall be established to
ensure access to a location that is staffed and has the authority to initiate corrective
action.
12.3.3.5 Before either Party reports a trouble condition, it shall use its best efforts
to isolate the trouble to the other's facilities.
12.3.3.5.1 In cases where a trouble condition affects a significant portion of
the other's service, the Parties shall assign the same priority provided to CLEC
as itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any other party.
12.3.3.5.2 The Parties shall cooperate in isolating trouble conditions.
12.3.4 Trouble Isolation
12.3.4.1 CLEC is responsible for its own End User Customer base and will have
the responsibility for resolution of any service trouble report(s) from its End User
Customers. CLEC will perform trouble isolation on services it provides to its End User
Customers to the extent the capability to perform such trouble isolation is available to
CLEC, prior to reporting trouble to Qwest. CLEC shall have access for testing purposes
at the Demarcation Point, NID, or Point of Interface. Qwest will work cooperatively with
CLEC to resolve trouble reports when the trouble condition has been isolated and found
to be within a portion of Qwest's network. Qwest and CLEC will report trouble isolation
test results to the other. Each Party shall be responsible for the costs of performing
trouble isolation on its facilities, subject to Sections 12.3.4.2 and 12.3.4.3.
12.3.4.2 When CLEC requests that Qwest perform trouble isolation with CLEC, a
Maintenance of Service Miscellaneous Charge or a Trouble Isolation charge applies if
the trouble is found to be on CLEC's side or on the End User Customer's side of the
Demarcation Point. If the trouble is on the End User Customer's side of the Demarcation
Point, CLEC is required to perform its own maintenance.
12.3.4.3 Before submitting a repair request to Qwest, CLEC will isolate trouble to
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
285

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
the Qwest network and must submit test results indicating the location of the trouble
when submitting the repair request. If a trouble ticket with test results is accepted by
Qwest, and Qwest determines that the trouble is on the CLEC or the End User
Customer's side of the Loop Demarcation Point, a Maintenance of Service
Miscellaneous Charge or a Trouble Isolation Charge applies. When CLEC elects not to
perform trouble isolation and Qwest performs tests at CLEC request, a Maintenance of
Service Miscellaneous Charge or a Trouble Isolation charge applies if the trouble is not
in Qwest's facilities, including Qwest's facilities leased by CLEC. When trouble is found
on Qwest's side of the Demarcation Point, or Point of Interface, during the investigation
of the initial or repeat trouble report for the same line or circuit within thirty (30) Days,
Maintenance of Service Miscellaneous Charges or Trouble Isolation Charges shall not
apply.
12.3.5 Inside Wire Maintenance
Except where specifically required by state or federal regulatory mandates, or as may be
provided for under Section 6 of this Agreement, Qwest will not perform any maintenance of
inside wire (premises wiring beyond the End User Customer's Demarcation Point) for CLEC or
its End User Customers.
12.3.6 Testing/Test Requests/Coordinated Testing/UNEs
12.3.6.1 Where CLEC does not have the ability to diagnose and isolate trouble on
a Qwest line, circuit, or service provided in this Agreement that CLEC is utilizing to serve
an End User Customer, Qwest will conduct testing, to the extent testing capabilities are
available to Qwest, to diagnose and isolate a trouble in substantially the same time and
manner that Qwest provides for itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any other
party.
12.3.6.2 Prior to Qwest conducting a test on a line, circuit, or service provided in
this Agreement that CLEC is utilizing to serve an End User Customer, Qwest must
receive a trouble report from CLEC.
12.3.6.3 On manually reported trouble for non-designed services, Qwest will
provide readily available test results to CLEC or test results to CLEC in accordance with
any applicable Commission rule for providing test results to End User Customers or
CLECs. On manually reported trouble for designed services provided in this Agreement,
Qwest will provide CLEC test results upon request. For electronically reported trouble,
Qwest will provide CLEC with the ability to obtain basic test results in substantially the
same time and manner that Qwest provides for itself, its End User Customers, its
Affiliates, or any other party.
12.3.6.4 CLEC shall isolate the trouble condition to Qwest's portion of the line,
circuit, or service provided in this Agreement before Qwest accepts a trouble report for
that line, circuit or service. Once Qwest accepts the trouble report from CLEC, Qwest
shall process the trouble report in substantially the same time and manner as Qwest
does for itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any other party.
12.3.6.5 Qwest shall test to ensure electrical continuity of all UNEs, including
Central Office Demarcation Point, and services it provides to CLEC prior to closing a
trouble report.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
286

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.3.7 Work Center Interfaces
12.3.7.1 Qwest and CLEC shall work cooperatively to develop positive, close
working relationships among corresponding work centers involved in the trouble
resolution processes.
12.3.8 Misdirected Repair Calls
12.3.8.1 CLEC and Qwest will employ the following procedures for handling
misdirected repair calls:
12.3.8.1.1 CLEC and Qwest will provide their respective End User
Customers with the correct telephone numbers to call for access to their
respective repair bureaus.
12.3.8.1.2 End User Customers of CLEC shall be instructed to report all
cases of trouble to CLEC. End User Customers of Qwest shall be instructed to
report all cases of trouble to Qwest.
12.3.8.1.3 To the extent the correct provider can be determined,
misdirected repair calls will be referred to the proper provider of Basic Exchange
Telecommunications Service; however, nothing in this Agreement shall be
deemed to prohibit Qwest or CLEC from discussing its products and services
with CLEC's or Qwest's End User Customers who call the other Party seeking
such information.
12.3.8.1.4 CLEC and Qwest will provide their respective repair contact
numbers to one another on a reciprocal basis.
12.3.8.1.5 In responding to repair calls, CLEC's End User Customers
contacting Qwest in error will be instructed to contact CLEC; and Qwest's End
User Customers contacting CLEC in error will be instructed to contact Qwest. In
responding to calls, neither Party shall make disparaging remarks about each
other. To the extent the correct provider can be determined, misdirected calls
received by either Party will be referred to the proper provider of local Exchange
Service; however, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prohibit Qwest
or CLEC from discussing its products and services with CLEC's or Qwest's End
User Customers who call the other Party seeking such information.
12.3.9 Major Outages/Restoral/Notification
12.3.9.1 Qwest will notify CLEC of major network outages in substantially the
same time and manner as it provides itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any
other party. This notification will be via e-mail to CLEC's identified contact. With the
minor exception of certain Proprietary Information such as Customer information, Qwest
will utilize the same thresholds and processes for external notification as it does for
internal purposes. This major outage information will be sent via e-mail on the same
schedule as is provided internally within Qwest. The email notification schedule shall
consist of initial report of abnormal condition and estimated restoration time/date,
abnormal condition updates, and final disposition. Service restoration will be non-
discriminatory, and will be accomplished as quickly as possible according to Qwest
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
287

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
and/or industry standards.
12.3.9.2 Qwest will meet with associated personnel from CLEC to share contact
information and review Qwest's outage restoral processes and notification processes.
12.3.9.3 Qwest's emergency restoration process operates on a 7X24 basis.
12.3.10 Protective Maintenance
12.3.10.1 Qwest will perform scheduled maintenance of substantially the same type
and quality to that which it provides to itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any
other party.
12.3.10.2 Qwest will work cooperatively with CLEC to develop industry-wide
processes to provide as much notice as possible to CLEC of pending maintenance
activity. Qwest shall provide notice of potentially CLEC Customer impacting
maintenance activity, to the extent Qwest can determine such impact, and negotiate
mutually agreeable dates with CLEC in substantially the same time and manner as it
does for itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any other party.
12.3.10.3 Qwest shall advise CLEC of non-scheduled maintenance, testing,
monitoring, and surveillance activity to be performed by Qwest on any services,
including, to the extent Qwest can determine, any hardware, equipment, software, or
system providing service functionality which may potentially impact CLEC and/or CLEC
End User Customers. Qwest shall provide the maximum advance notice of such non-
scheduled maintenance and testing activity possible, under the circumstances; provided,
however, that Qwest shall provide emergency maintenance as promptly as possible to
maintain or restore service and shall advise CLEC promptly of any such actions it takes.
12.3.11 Hours of Coverage
12.3.11.1 Qwest's repair operation is seven (7) Days a week, twenty-four (24) hours
a day. Not all functions or locations are covered with scheduled employees on a 7X24
basis. Where such 7X24 coverage is not available, Qwest's repair operations center
(always available 7X24) can call-out technicians or other personnel required for the
identified situation.
12.3.12 Escalations
12.3.12.1 Qwest will provide trouble escalation procedures to CLEC. Such
procedures will be substantially the same type and quality as Qwest employs for itself,
its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any other party. Qwest escalations are manual
processes.
12.3.12.2 Qwest repair escalations may be initiated by either calling the trouble
reporting center or through the electronic interfaces. Escalations sequence through five
tiers: tester, duty supervisor, manager, director, vice president. The first escalation point
is the tester. CLEC may request escalation to higher tiers in its sole discretion.
Escalations status is available through telephone and the electronic interfaces.
Electronic escalation is not available for non-designed products.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
288

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.3.12.3 Qwest shall handle chronic troubles on non-designed services, which are
those greater than three (3) troubles in a rolling thirty (30) Day period, pursuant to
Section 12.2.2.1.
12.3.13 Dispatch
12.3.13.1 Qwest will provide maintenance dispatch personnel in substantially the
same time and manner as it provides for itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or
any other party.
12.3.13.2 Upon the acceptance of a complete and accurate trouble report from
CLEC, Qwest will follow internal processes and industry standards, to resolve the repair
condition. Qwest will dispatch repair personnel on occasion to repair the condition. It
will be Qwest's decision whether or not to send a technician out on a dispatch. Qwest
reserves the right to make this dispatch decision based on the best information available
to it in the trouble resolution process. It is not always necessary to dispatch to resolve
trouble; should CLEC require a dispatch when Qwest believes the dispatch is not
necessary, appropriate Miscellaneous Charges for dispatch will be billed by Qwest to
CLEC if Qwest can demonstrate that the dispatch was in fact unnecessary to the
clearance of trouble or the trouble is identified to be caused by CLEC facilities or
equipment.
12.3.13.3 For POTS lines and designed service circuits, Qwest is responsible for all
Maintenance and Repair of the line or circuit and will make the determination to dispatch
to locations other than the CLEC Customer premises without prior CLEC authorization.
For dispatch to the CLEC Customer premises Qwest shall obtain prior CLEC
authorization with the exception of major outage restoration, cable rearrangements, and
MTE terminal maintenance/replacement.
12.3.14 Trouble Reporting
12.3.14.1 CLEC may submit trouble reports through the Electronic Bonding or GUI
interfaces provided by Qwest. Trouble tickets created electronically in CEMR may be
viewed at any time after creation.
12.3.14.2 Manually reported trouble tickets may be accessed by CLEC through
electronic interfaces when the ticket has been closed. CLEC will only be able to view
the history on the account.
12.3.15 Intervals/Parity
12.3.15.1 Similar trouble conditions, whether reported on behalf of Qwest End User
Customers or on behalf of CLEC End User Customers, will receive commitment intervals
in substantially the same time and manner as Qwest provides for itself, its End User
Customers, its Affiliates, or any other party.
12.3.16 Jeopardy Management
12.3.16.1 Qwest will notify CLEC, in substantially the same time and manner as
Qwest provides this information to itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any
other party, that a trouble report commitment (appointment or interval) has been or is
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
289

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
likely to be missed. At CLEC option, notification may be sent by email or fax through the
electronic interface. CLEC may telephone Qwest repair center or use the electronic
interfaces to obtain jeopardy status. A jeopardy, caused by either CLEC or Qwest,
endangers completing provisioning and/or installation processes and impacts meeting
the schedule due date of CLEC's service request. When CLEC's service request is in
jeopardy, Qwest notifies CLEC via a status update, email, jeopardy notification,
telephone call, and/or FOC (Firm Order Confirmation). The purpose of the jeopardy
notification is to identify jeopardy conditions to CLEC that impact meeting the scheduled
due date of CLEC's service requests.
12.3.17 Trouble Screening
12.3.17.1 CLEC shall screen and test its End User Customer trouble reports
completely enough to insure, to the extent possible, that it sends to Qwest only trouble
reports that involve Qwest facilities. For services and facilities where the capability to
test all or portions of the Qwest network service or facility rest with Qwest, Qwest will
perform test isolation and test the service and facility on behalf of CLEC.
12.3.17.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
12.3.18 Maintenance Standards
12.3.18.1 Qwest will cooperate with CLEC to meet the maintenance standards
outlined in this Agreement.
12.3.18.2 On manually reported trouble, Qwest will inform CLEC of repair
completion in substantially the same time and manner as Qwest provides to itself, its
End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any other party. On electronically reported trouble
reports the electronic system will automatically update status information, including
trouble completion, across the joint electronic gateway as the status changes.
12.3.19 End User Customer Interface Responsibilities
12.3.19.1 CLEC will be responsible for all interactions with its End User Customers
including service call handling and notifying its End User Customers of trouble status
and resolution.
12.3.19.2 All Qwest employees who perform repair service for CLEC End User
Customers will be trained in non-discriminatory behavior.
12.3.19.3 Qwest will recognize the designated CLEC/DLEC as the Customer of
Record for all services ordered by CLEC/DLEC and will send all notices, invoices and
pertinent information directly to CLEC/DLEC. Except as otherwise specifically provided
in this Agreement, Customer of Record shall be Qwest's single and sole point of contact
for all CLEC/DLEC End User Customers.
12.3.20 Repair Call Handling
12.3.20.1 Manually-reported repair calls by CLEC to Qwest will be answered with
the same quality and speed as Qwest answers calls from its own End User Customers.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
290

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.3.21 Single Point of Contact
12.3.21.1 Qwest will provide a single point of contact for CLEC to report
maintenance issues and trouble reports seven (7) Days a week, twenty-four (24) hours a
day. A single 7X24 trouble reporting telephone number will be provided to CLEC for
each category of trouble situation being encountered.
12.3.22 Network Information
12.3.22.1 Qwest maintains an information database, available to CLEC for the
purpose of allowing CLEC to obtain information about Qwest's NPAs, LATAs, Access
Tandem Switches and Central Offices.
12.3.22.2 This database is known as the ICONN database, available to CLEC via
Qwest's web site.
12.3.22.3 CPNI Information and NXX activity reports are also included in this
database.
12.3.22.4 ICONN data is updated in substantially the same time and manner as
Qwest updates the same data for itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any
other party.
12.3.23 Maintenance Windows
12.3.23.1 Generally, Qwest performs major Switch maintenance activities off-hours,
during certain "maintenance windows". Major Switch maintenance activities include
Switch conversions, Switch generic upgrades and Switch equipment additions.
12.3.23.2 Generally, the maintenance window is between 10:00 p.m. through 6:00
a.m. Monday through Friday, and Saturday 10:00 p.m. through Monday 6:00 a.m.,
Mountain Time. Although Qwest normally does major Switch maintenance during the
above maintenance window, there will be occasions where this will not be possible.
Qwest will provide notification of any and all maintenance activities that may impact
CLEC ordering practices such as embargoes, moratoriums, and quiet periods in
substantially the same time and manner as Qwest provides this information to itself, its
End User Customers, its Affiliates, or any other party.
12.3.23.3 Intentionally Left Blank.
12.3.23.4 Planned generic upgrades to Qwest Switches are included in the ICONN
database, available to CLEC via Qwest's web site.
12.3.24 Switch and Frame Conversion Service Order Practices
12.3.24.1 Switch Conversions. Switch conversion activity generally consists of the
removal of one Switch and its replacement with another. Generic Switch software or
hardware upgrades, the addition of Switch line and trunk connection hardware and the
addition of capacity to a Switch do not constitute Switch conversions.
12.3.24.2 Frame Conversions. Frame conversions are generally the removal and
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
291

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
replacement of one or more frames, upon which the Switch Ports terminate.
12.3.24.3 Conversion Date. The "Conversion Date" is a Switch or frame conversion
planned day of cut-over to the replacement frame(s) or Switch. The actual conversion
time typically is set for midnight of the Conversion Date. This may cause the actual
Conversion Date to migrate into the early hours of the day after the planned Conversion
Date.
12.3.24.4 Conversion Embargoes. A Switch or frame conversion embargo is the
time period that the Switch or frame Trunk Side facility connections are frozen to
facilitate conversion from one Switch or frame to another with minimal disruption to the
End User Customer or CLEC services. During the embargo period, Qwest will reject
orders for Trunk Side facilities (see Section 12.3.24.4.1) other than conversion orders
described in Section 12.3.24.4.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing and to the extent Qwest
provisions trunk or trunk facility related service orders for itself, its End User Customers,
its Affiliates, or any other party during embargoes, Qwest shall provide CLEC the same
capabilities.
12.3.24.4.1 ASRs for Switch or frame Trunk Side facility augments to
capacity or changes to Switch or frame Trunk Side facilities must be issued by
CLEC with a Due Date prior to or after the appropriate embargo interval as
identified in the ICONN database. Qwest shall reject Switch or frame Trunk Side
ASRs to augment capacity or change facilities issued by CLEC or Qwest, its End
User Customers, its Affiliates or any other party during the embargo period,
regardless of the order's Due Date except for conversion ASRs described in
Section 12.3.24.4.3.
12.3.24.4.2 For Switch and Trunk Side frame conversions, Qwest shall
provide CLEC with conversion trunk group service requests (TGSR) no less than
ninety (90) Days before the Conversion Date.
12.3.24.4.3 For Switch and Trunk Side frame conversions, CLEC shall issue
facility conversion ASRs to Qwest no later than thirty (30) Days before the
Conversion Date for like-for-like, where CLEC mirrors their existing circuit design
from the old Switch or frame to the new Switch or frame, and sixty (60) Days
before the Conversion Date for addition of trunk capacity or modification of circuit
characteristics (i.e., change of AMI to B8ZS).
12.3.24.5 Frame Embargo Period. During frame conversions, service orders and
ASRs shall be subject to an embargo period for services and facilities connected to the
affected frame. For conversion of trunks where CLEC mirrors their existing circuit
design from the old frame to the new frame on a like-for-like basis, such embargo period
shall extend from thirty (30) Days prior to the Conversion Date until five (5) Days after
the Conversion Date. If CLEC requests the addition of trunk capacity or modification of
circuit characteristics (i.e., change of AMI to B8ZS) to the new frame, new facility ASRs
shall be placed, and the embargo period shall extend from sixty (60) Days prior to the
Conversion Date until five (5) Days after the Conversion Date. Prior to instituting an
embargo period, Qwest shall identify the particular dates and locations for frame
conversion embargo periods in its ICONN database in substantially the same time and
manner as Qwest notifies itself, its End User Customers, Affiliates, or any other party.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
292

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
12.3.24.6 Switch Embargo Period. During Switch conversions, service orders and
ASRs shall be subject to an embargo period for services and facilities associated with
the Trunk Side of the Switch. For conversion of trunks where CLEC mirrors their
existing circuit design from the old Switch to the new Switch on a like-for-like basis, such
embargo period shall extend from thirty (30) Days prior to the Conversion Date until five
(5) Days after the Conversion Date. If CLEC requests the addition of trunk capacity or
modification of circuit characteristics to the new Switch, new facility ASRs shall be
placed, and the embargo period shall extend from sixty (60) Days prior to the
Conversion Date until five (5) Days after the Conversion Date. Prior to instituting an
embargo period, Qwest shall identify the particular dates and locations for Switch
conversion embargo periods in its ICONN database in substantially the same time and
manner as Qwest notifies itself, its End User Customers, Affiliates, or any other party.
12.3.24.7 Switch and Frame Conversion Quiet Periods for LSRs. Switch and frame
conversion quiet periods are the time period within which LSRs may not contain Due
Dates, with the exception of LSRs that result in disconnect orders, including those
related to LNP orders, record orders, Billing change orders for non-switched products,
and emergency orders.
12.3.24.7.1 LSRs of any kind issued during Switch or frame conversion quiet
periods create the potential for loss of End User Customer service due to manual
operational processes caused by the Switch or frame conversion. LSRs of any
kind issued during the Switch or frame conversion quiet periods will be handled
as set forth below, with the understanding that Qwest shall use its best efforts to
avoid the loss of End User Customer service. Such best efforts shall be
substantially the same time and manner as Qwest uses for itself, its End User
Customers, its Affiliates, or any other party.
12.3.24.7.2 The quiet period for Switch conversions, where no LSRs except
those requesting order activity described in 12.3.24.7 are processed for the
affected location, extends from five (5) Days prior to conversion until two (2)
Days after the conversion and is identified in the ICONN database.
12.3.24.7.3 The quiet period for frame conversions, where no LSRs except
those requesting order activity described in 12.3.24.7 are processed or the
affected location, extends from five (5) Days prior to conversion until two (2)
Days after the conversion.
12.3.24.7.4 LSRs, except those requesting order activity described in
12.3.24.7, (i) must be issued with a Due Date prior to or after the conversion
quiet period and (ii) may not be issued during the quiet period. LSRs that do not
meet these requirements will be rejected by Qwest.
12.3.24.7.5 LSRs requesting disconnect activity issued during the quiet
period, regardless of requested Due Date, will be processed after the quiet
period expires.
12.3.24.7.6 CLEC may request a Due Date change to a LNP related
disconnect scheduled during quiet periods up to 12:00 noon Mountain Time the
Day prior to the scheduled LSR Due Date. Such changes shall be requested by
issuing a supplemental LSR requesting a Due Date change. Such changes shall
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
293

Section 12
Access to Operational Support Systems (OSS)
be handled as emergency orders by Qwest.
12.3.24.7.7 CLEC may request a Due Date change to a LNP related
disconnect order scheduled during quiet periods after 12:00 noon Mountain Time
the Day prior to the scheduled LSR Due Date until 12 noon Mountain Time the
Day after the scheduled LSR Due Date. Such changes shall be requested by
issuing a supplemental LSR requesting a Due Date change and contacting the
Interconnect Service Center. Such changes shall be handled as emergency
orders by Qwest.
12.3.24.7.8 In the event that CLEC End User Customer service is
disconnected in error, Qwest will restore service in substantially the same time
and manner as Qwest does for itself, its End User Customers, its Affiliates, or
any other party. Restoration of CLEC End User Customer service will be
handled through the LNP escalations process.
12.3.24.8 Switch Upgrades. Generic Switch software and hardware upgrades are
not subject to the Switch conversion embargoes or quiet periods described above. If
such generic Switch or software upgrades require significant activity related to
translations, an abbreviated embargo and/or quiet period may be required. Qwest shall
implement service order embargoes and/or quiet periods during Switch upgrades in
substantially the same time and manner as Qwest does for itself, its End User
Customers, its Affiliates, and any other party.
12.3.24.9 Switch Line and Trunk Hardware Additions. Qwest shall use its best
efforts to minimize CLEC service order impacts due to hardware additions and
modifications to Qwest's existing Switches. Qwest shall provide CLEC substantially the
same service order processing capabilities as Qwest provides itself, its End User
Customers, Affiliates, or any other party during such Switch hardware additions.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
294

Section 13
Access to Telephone Numbers
Section 13.0 - ACCESS TO TELEPHONE NUMBERS
13.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed in any manner to limit or otherwise
adversely impact either Party's right to request an assignment of any NANP number resources
including, but not limited to, Central Office (NXX) Codes pursuant to the Central Office Code
Assignment Guidelines published by the Industry Numbering Committee (INC) as INC 95-0407-
008 (formerly ICCF 93-0729-010) and Thousand Block (NXX-X) Pooling Administration
Guidelines INC 99-0127-023, when these Guidelines are implemented by the FCC or
Commission Order. The latest version of the Guidelines will be considered the current
standard.
13.2 North American Numbering Plan Administration (NANPA) has transitioned to
NeuStar. Both Parties agree to comply with industry guidelines and Commission rules,
including those sections requiring the accurate reporting of data to the NANPA.
13.3 It shall be the responsibility of each Party to program and update its own
Switches and network systems pursuant to the Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG) to
recognize and route traffic to the other Party's assigned NXX or NXX-X codes. Neither Party
shall impose any fees or charges on the other Party for such activities. The Parties will
cooperate to establish procedures to ensure the timely activation of NXX assignments in their
respective networks.
13.4 Each Party is responsible for administering numbering resources assigned to it.
Each Party will cooperate to timely rectify inaccuracies in its LERG data. Each Party will
maintain/revise the LERG to reflect current homing arrangements, which includes subtending
arrangements for local and access tandems. Each Party is responsible for updating the LERG
data for NXX codes assigned to its End Office Switches. Each Party shall use the LERG
published by Telcordia or its successor for obtaining routing information and shall provide
through an authorized LERG input agent, all required information regarding its network for
maintaining the LERG in a timely manner.
13.5 Each Party shall be responsible for notifying its End User Customers of any
changes in numbering or dialing arrangements to include changes such as the introduction of
new NPAs.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
295

Section 14
Local Dialing Parity
Section 14.0 - LOCAL DIALING PARITY
14.1 The Parties shall provide local Dialing Parity to each other as required under
Section 251(b)(3) of the Act. Qwest will provide local Dialing Parity to competing providers of
Telephone Exchange Service and telephone toll service, and will permit all such providers to
have non-discriminatory access to telephone numbers, operator services, Directory Assistance,
and Directory Listings, with no unreasonable dialing delays. CLEC may elect to route all of its
End User Customers' calls in the same manner as Qwest routes its End User Customers' calls,
for a given call type (e.g., 0, 0+, 1+, 411).
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
296

Section 15
Qwest's Official Directory Publisher
Section 15.0 - QWEST'S OFFICIAL DIRECTORY PUBLISHER
15.1 Qwest and CLEC agree that certain issues outside the provision of basic white page
Directory Listings, such as yellow pages advertising, yellow pages Listings, directory coverage,
access to call guide pages (phone service pages), applicable Listings criteria, white page
enhancements and publication schedules will be the subject of negotiations between CLEC and
directory publishers, including Qwest's Official Directory Publisher. Qwest acknowledges that
CLEC may request Qwest to facilitate discussions between CLEC and Qwest's Official Directory
Publisher.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
297

Section 16
Referral Announcement
Section 16.0 - REFERRAL ANNOUNCEMENT
16.1 When an End User Customer changes from Qwest to CLEC, or from CLEC to
Qwest, and does not retain its original main/listed telephone number, the Party formerly
providing service to the End User Customer will provide a transfer of service announcement on
the abandoned telephone number. Each Party will provide this referral service consistent with
its tariff. This announcement will provide details on the new number that must be dialed to
reach the End User Customer.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
298

Section 17
Bona Fide Request Process
Section 17.0 - BONA FIDE REQUEST PROCESS
17.1 Any request for Interconnection or access to an Unbundled Network Element or
ancillary service that is not already available as described in other sections of this Agreement,
including but not limited to Exhibit F or any other interconnection agreement, Tariff or otherwise
defined by Qwest as a product or service shall be treated as a Bona Fide Request (BFR).
Qwest shall use the BFR Process to determine the terms and timetable for providing the
requested Interconnection, access to UNEs or ancillary services, and the technical feasibility of
new/different points of Interconnection. Qwest will administer the BFR Process in a non-
discriminatory manner.
17.2 A BFR shall be submitted in writing and on the appropriate Qwest form for BFRs.
CLEC and Qwest may work together to prepare the BFR form and either Party may request that
such coordination be handled on an expedited basis. This form shall be accompanied by the
processing fee specified in Exhibit A of this Agreement. Qwest will refund one-half (1/2) of the
processing fee if the BFR is cancelled within ten (10) business days of the receipt of the BFR
form. The form will request, and CLEC will need to provide, the following information, and may
also provide any additional information that may be reasonably necessary in describing and
analyzing CLEC's request:
17.2.1 a technical description of each requested Network Element or
new/different points of Interconnection or ancillary services;
17.2.2 the desired interface specification;
17.2.3 each requested type of Interconnection or access;
17.2.4 a statement that the Interconnection or Network Element or ancillary
service will be used to provide a Telecommunications Service;
17.2.5 the quantity requested; and
17.2.6 the specific location requested.
17.3 Within two (2) business days of its receipt, Qwest shall acknowledge receipt of the
BFR and in such acknowledgment advise CLEC of missing information, if any, necessary to
process the BFR. Thereafter, Qwest shall promptly advise CLEC of the need for any additional
information required to complete the analysis of the BFR. If requested, either orally or in writing,
Qwest will provide weekly updates on the status of the BFR.
17.4 Within twenty-one (21) Days of its receipt of the BFR and all information
necessary to process it, Qwest shall provide to CLEC an analysis of the BFR. The analysis
shall specify Qwest's conclusions as to whether or not the requested Interconnection or access
to an Unbundled Network Element complies with the unbundling requirements of the Act or
state law.
17.5 If Qwest determines during the twenty-one (21) Day period that a BFR does not
qualify as an Unbundled Network Element or Interconnection or ancillary service that is required
to be provided under the Act or state law, Qwest shall advise CLEC as soon as reasonably
possible of that fact, and Qwest shall promptly, but in no case later than the twenty-one (21)
Day period, provide a written report setting forth the basis for its conclusion.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
299

Section 17
Bona Fide Request Process
17.6 If Qwest determines during such twenty-one (21) Day period that the BFR
qualifies under the Act or state law, it shall notify CLEC in writing of such determination within
ten (10) Days, but in no case later than the end of such twenty-one (21) Day period.
17.7 As soon as feasible, but in any case within forty-five (45) Days after Qwest notifies
CLEC that the BFR qualifies under the Act, Qwest shall provide to CLEC a BFR quotation. The
BFR quotation will include, at a minimum, a description of each Interconnection, Network
Element, and ancillary service, the quantity to be provided, any interface specifications, and the
applicable rates (recurring and nonrecurring) including the separately stated development costs
and construction charges of the Interconnection, Unbundled Network Element or ancillary
service and any minimum volume and term commitments required, and the timeframes the
request will be provisioned.
17.8 CLEC has sixty (60) business days upon receipt of the BFR quotation, to either
agree to purchase under the quoted price, or cancel its BFR.
17.9 If CLEC has agreed to minimum volume and term commitments under the
preceding paragraph, CLEC may cancel the BFR or volume and term commitment at any time,
but may be subject to termination liability assessment or minimum period charges.
17.10 If either Party believes that the other Party is not requesting, negotiating or
processing any BFR in good faith, or disputes a determination or quoted price or cost, it may
invoke the Dispute Resolution provision of this Agreement.
17.11 All time intervals within which a response is required from one Party to another
under this Section are maximum time intervals. Each Party agrees that it will provide all
responses to the other Party as soon as the Party has the information and analysis required to
respond, even if the time interval stated herein for a response is not over.
17.12 In the event CLEC has submitted a request for Interconnection, Unbundled
Network Elements or any combinations thereof, or ancillary services and Qwest determines in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 17 that the request is Technically Feasible,
subsequent requests or orders for substantially similar types of Interconnection, Unbundled
Network Elements or combinations thereof or ancillary services by CLEC shall not be subject to
the BFR process. To the extent Qwest has deployed or denied a substantially similar
Interconnection, Unbundled Network Elements or combinations thereof or ancillary services
under a previous BFR, a subsequent BFR shall not be required and the BFR application fee
shall be refunded immediately. Qwest may only require CLEC to complete a New Product
Questionnaire before ordering such Interconnection, Unbundled Network Elements or
combinations thereof, or ancillary services. ICB pricing and intervals will still apply for requests
that are not yet standard offerings. For purposes of this Section 17.12, a "substantially similar"
request shall be one with substantially similar characteristics to a previous request with respect
to the information provided pursuant to Subsections 17.2.1 through 17.2.8 of Section 17.2
above. The burden of proof is upon Qwest to prove the BFR is not substantially similar to a
previous BFR.
17.13 The total cost charged to CLEC shall not exceed the BFR quoted price.
17.14 Upon request, Qwest shall provide CLEC with Qwest's supporting cost data
and/or studies for the Interconnection, Unbundled Network Element or ancillary service that
CLEC wishes to order within seven (7) business days, except where Qwest cannot obtain a
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
300

Section 17
Bona Fide Request Process
release from its vendors within seven (7) business days, in which case Qwest will make the data
available as soon as Qwest receives the vendor release. Such cost data shall be treated as
Confidential Information, if requested by Qwest under the non-disclosure sections of this
Agreement.
17.15 Qwest will provide notice to CLECs of all BFRs which have been deployed or
denied, provided, however, that identifying information such as the name of the requesting
CLEC and the location of the request shall be removed. Qwest shall make available a topical
list of the BFRs that it has received from CLECs. The description of each item on that list shall
be sufficient to allow CLEC to understand the general nature of the product, service, or
combination thereof that has been requested and a summary of the disposition of the request as
soon as it is made. Qwest shall also be required upon the request of CLEC to provide sufficient
details about the terms and conditions of any granted requests to allow CLEC to take the same
offering under substantially identical circumstances. Qwest shall not be required to provide
information about the request initially made by CLEC whose BFR was granted, but must make
available the same kinds of information about what it offered in response to the BFR as it does
for other products or services available under this Agreement. CLEC shall be entitled to the
same offering terms and conditions made under any granted BFR, provided that Qwest may
require the use of ICB pricing where it makes a demonstration to CLEC of the need therefore.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
301

Section 18
Audit Process
Section 18.0 - AUDIT PROCESS
18.1 Nothing in this Section 18 shall limit or expand the Audit provisions in the
Performance Assurance Plan (PAP). Nothing in the PAP shall limit or expand the Audit
provisions in this Section 18. For purposes of this section the following definitions shall apply:
18.1.1 "Audit" shall mean the comprehensive review of the books, records, and
other documents used in providing services under this Agreement. The term "Audit"
also applies to the investigation of company records, back office systems and databases
pertaining to Loop information.
18.1.2 "Examination" shall mean an inquiry into a specific element or process
related to the above. Commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement, either Party
may perform Examinations as either Party deems necessary.
18.2 This Audit shall take place under the following conditions:
18.2.1 Either Party may request to perform an Audit or Examination.
18.2.2 The Audit or Examination shall occur upon thirty (30) business days
written notice by the requesting Party to the non-requesting Party.
18.2.3 The Audit or Examination shall occur during normal business hours.
However, such Audit will be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and both
Parties will work to minimize disruption to the business operations of the Party being
audited.
18.2.4 There shall be no more than two (2) Audits requested by each Party
under this Agreement in any twelve (12) month period. Either Party may audit the other
Party's books, records and documents more frequently than twice in any twelve (12)
month period (but no more than once in each quarter) if the immediately preceding audit
found previously uncorrected net variances, inaccuracies or errors in invoices in the
audited Party's favor with an aggregate value of at least two percent (2%) of the
amounts payable for the affected services during the period covered by the Audit.
18.2.5 The requesting Party may review the non-requesting Party's records,
books and documents, as may reasonably contain information relevant to the operation
of this Agreement.
18.2.6 The location of the Audit or Examination shall be the location where the
requested records, books and documents are retained in the normal course of business.
18.2.7 All transactions under this Agreement which are over twenty-four (24)
months prior to the date of request will be considered accepted and no longer subject to
Audit. In the event an audit is initiated, the Parties agree to retain records of all
transactions under this Agreement for at least twenty-four (24) months
and all subsequent transactions will also be subject to audit.
18.2.8 Audit or Examination Expenses
18.2.8.1 Each Party shall bear its own expenses in connection with
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
302

Section 18
Audit Process
conduct of the Audit or Examination. The requesting Party will pay for the
reasonable cost of special data extractions required by the Party to conduct the
Audit or Examination. For purposes of this section, a "Special Data Extraction"
means the creation of an output record or informational report (from existing data
files) that is not created in the normal course of business. If any program is
developed to the requesting Party's specification and at that Party's expense, the
requesting Party will specify at the time of request whether the program is to be
retained by the other Party for reuse for any subsequent Audit or Examination.
18.2.8.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the non-requesting Party shall
pay all of the requesting Party's commercially reasonable expenses in the event
an Audit or Examination identifies a difference between the amount billed and the
amount determined by the Audit that exceeds five percent (5%) of the amount
billed and results in a refund and/or reduction in the Billing to the requesting
Party.
18.2.9 The Party requesting the Audit may request that an Audit be conducted
by a mutually agreed-to independent auditor, which agreement will not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed by the non-requesting Party. Under this circumstance, the costs of
the independent auditor shall be paid for by the Party requesting the Audit subject to
Section 18.2.8.2.
18.2.10 In the event that the non-requesting Party requests that the Audit be
performed by an independent auditor, the Parties shall mutually agree to the selection of
the independent auditor. Under this circumstance, the costs of the independent auditor
shall be shared equally by the Parties. The portion of this expense borne by the
requesting Party shall be borne by the non-requesting Party if the terms of Section
18.2.8.2 are satisfied.
18.2.11 Adjustments, credits or payments will be made and any corrective action
must commence within thirty (30) Days after the Parties' receipt of the final Audit report
to compensate for any errors and omissions which are disclosed by such Audit or
Examination and are agreed to by the Parties. The interest rate payable shall be in
accordance with Commission requirements. In the event that any of the following
circumstances occur within thirty (30) business days after completion of the Audit or
Examination, they may be resolved at either Party's election, pursuant to the Dispute
Resolution Process; (i) errors detected by the Audit or Examination have not been
corrected; (ii) adjustments, credits or payments due as a result of the Audit or
Examination have not been made, or (iii) a dispute has arisen concerning the Audit or
Examination.
18.2.12 Neither the right to examine and Audit nor the right to receive an
adjustment will be affected by any statement to the contrary appearing on checks or
otherwise.
18.2.13 This Section will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement for a
period of two (2) years after expiration or termination of the Agreement.
18.3 All information received or reviewed by the requesting Party or the independent
auditor in connection with the Audit is to be considered Proprietary Information as defined by
this Agreement in Section 5.16. The non-requesting Party reserves the right to require any non-
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
303

Section 18
Audit Process
employee who is involved directly or indirectly in any Audit or the resolution of its findings as
described above to execute a nondisclosure agreement satisfactory to the non-requesting Party.
To the extent an Audit involves access to information of other competitors, CLEC and Qwest will
aggregate such competitors' data before release to the other Party, to insure the protection of
the proprietary nature of information of other competitors. To the extent a competitor is an
Affiliate of the Party being audited (including itself and its subsidiaries), the Parties shall be
allowed to examine such Affiliate's disaggregated data, as required by reasonable needs of the
Audit. Information provided in an Audit or Examination may only be reviewed by individuals with
a need to know such information for purposes of this Section 18 and who are bound by the
nondisclosure obligations set forth in Section 5.16. In no case shall the Confidential Information
be shared with the Parties' retail marketing, sales or strategic planning.
18.3.1 Either Party may request an Audit of the other's compliance with this
Agreement's measures and requirements applicable to limitations on the distribution,
maintenance, and use of proprietary or other protected information that the requesting
Party has provided to the other. Those Audits shall not take place more frequently than
once in every three (3) years, unless cause is shown to support a specifically requested
Audit that would otherwise violate this frequency restriction. Examinations will not be
permitted in connection with investigating or testing such compliance. All those other
provisions of this Section 18 that are not inconsistent herewith shall apply, except that in
the case of these Audits, the Party to be audited may also request the use of an
independent auditor.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
304

Section 19
Construction Charges
Section 19.0 - CONSTRUCTION CHARGES
19.1 All rates, charges and initial service periods specified in this Agreement
contemplate the provision of network Interconnection services and access to Unbundled Loops
or ancillary services to the extent existing facilities are available. Except for modifications to
existing facilities necessary to accommodate Interconnection and access to Unbundled Loops
or ancillary services specifically provided for in this Agreement, Qwest will consider requests to
build additional or further facilities for network Interconnection and access to Unbundled Loops
or ancillary services, as described in the applicable section of this Agreement.
19.2 All necessary construction will be undertaken at the discretion of Qwest,
consistent with budgetary responsibilities, consideration for the impact on the general body of
End User Customers and without discrimination among the various Carriers.
19.3 A quotation for CLEC's portion of a specific job will be provided to CLEC. The
quotation will be in writing and will be binding for ninety (90) business days after the issue date.
When accepted, CLEC will be billed the quoted price and construction will commence after
receipt of payment. If CLEC chooses not to have Qwest construct the facilities, Qwest reserves
the right to bill CLEC for the expense incurred for producing the engineered job design.
19.4 In the event a construction charge is applicable, CLEC's service Application Date
will become the date upon which Qwest receives the required payment.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
305

Section 20
Service Performance
Section 20.0 - SERVICE PERFORMANCE
20.1 Performance Indicator Definitions (PIDs), in their current form are included in
Exhibit B of this Agreement. Subsequent changes to these PIDs submitted to the Commission
shall be incorporated into Exhibit B as soon as they are effective either by operation of law or
Commission order, whichever occurs first and without further Amendment to this Agreement.
20.2 The Qwest Performance Assurance Plan (QPAP) is attached as Exhibit K of this
Agreement. Subsequent changes to the QPAP submitted to the Commission will be
incorporated into Exhibit K as soon as they are effective by operation of law or the effective date
as approved by Commission order, whichever is applicable, and without further Amendment to
this Agreement.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
306

Section 21
Network Standards
Section 21.0 - NETWORK STANDARDS
21.1 The Parties recognize that Qwest services and Network Elements have been
purchased and deployed, over time, to Telcordia and Qwest technical standards. Specification
of standards is built into the Qwest purchasing process, whereby vendors incorporate such
standards into the equipment Qwest purchases. Qwest supplements generally held industry
standards with Qwest Technical Publications.
21.2 The Parties recognize that equipment vendors may manufacture
Telecommunications equipment that does not fully incorporate and may differ from industry
standards at varying points in time (due to standards development processes and consensus)
and either Party may have such equipment in place within its network. Except where otherwise
explicitly stated within this Agreement, such equipment is acceptable to the Parties, provided
said equipment does not pose a security, service or safety hazard to Persons or property.
21.3 Generally accepted and developed industry standards which the Parties agree to
support include, but are not limited to:
21.3.1 Switching
GR-1428-CORE Common Channel Signaling (CCS) Network Interface
Specification Supporting Toll Free Service
GR-1432-CORE Common Channel Signaling Network Interface Specification
(CCSNIS) Supporting SCCP and TCAP
GR-317-CORE LSSGR: Switching System Generic Requirements for Call
Control Using the Integrated Services Digital Network User Part (ISDNUP)
GR-905-CORE CCSNIS Supporting Network Interconnection, Message Transfer
Part (MTP), and ISDNUP
GR-1357-CORE Switched Fractional DS1
GR-540-CORE LSSGR Tandem Supplement
GR-305-CORE
GR-1429-CORE CCSNIS Supporting Call Management Services
FR-64 LATA Switching System Generic Requirement (LSSGR)
GR-334-CORE Switched Access Service
TR-NWT-000335 Voice Grade Special Access Services
GR-529-CORE LSSGR Public Safety
GR-505-CORE Call Processing
FR-NWT-000271 Operator Services Systems Generic Requirements (OSSGR)
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
307

Section 21
Network Standards
GR-1156-CORE OSSGR Section 21: Operator Subsystems
SR-1171 Methods and Procedures for System Reliability Analysis
21.3.2 Transport
FR-440 Transport System Generic Requirements (TSGR)
GR-499-CORE Transport Systems Generic Requirements (TSGR): Common
Requirements
GR-820-CORE Generic Transmission Surveillance; DS1 and DS3 Performance
GR-253-CORE Synchronous Optical Network (SONET) Transport Systems:
Common Generic Criteria
GR-507-CORE LSSGR: Transmission, Section 7
TR-NWT-000776 NID for ISDN Subscriber Access
GR-342-CORE High Capacity Digital Special Access Service Transmission
Perimeter Limits and Interface Combinations
ST-TEC-000051 & 52 Telecommunications Transmission Engineering
Handbooks Volumes 1 & 2
ANSI T1.102-1993 Digital Hierarchy – Electrical Interface, Annex B
21.3.3 Loops
GR-57-CORE Functional Criteria for Digital Loop Carrier (DLC) Systems
TR-NWT-000393 Generic Requirements for ISDN Basic Access Digital
Subscriber Lines
GR-253-CORE SONET Transport Systems: Common Generic Criteria
GR-303-CORE Integrated Digital Loop Carrier System Generic Requirements
Objectives and Interface
TR-TSY-000008 Digital Interface Between the SLC 96 Digital Loop Carrier
System and a Local Digital Switch
TA-TSY-000120 Subscriber Premises or Network Ground Wire
GR-49-CORE Generic Requirements for Outdoor Telephone Network Interface
Devices
TR-NWT-000937 Generic Requirements for Outdoor and Indoor Building
Entrance Terminals (BETs)
TR-NWT-000133 Generic Requirements for Network Inside Wiring
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
308

Section 21
Network Standards
ANSI T1.417, Spectrum Management for Loop Transmission Systems
21.3.4 Local Number Portability
Number Portability Generic Switching and Signaling Requirements for Number
Portability, Issue 1.00, February 12, 1996 (Editor – Lucent Technologies, Inc.);
Generic Requirements for SCP Application and GTT Function for Number
Portability, Issue 0.95, Final Draft, September 4, 1996 (Editor – Ameritech Inc.);
Generic Operator Services Switching Requirements for Number Portability, Issue
1.00, Final Draft, April 12, 1996 (Editor – Nortel);
ATIS, TRQ No. 1, Technical Requirements for Number Portability Operator
Services Switching Systems, April 1999;
ATIS, TRQ No. 2, Technical Requirements for Number Portability Switching
Systems, April 1999;
ATIS, TRQ No. 3, Technical Requirements for Number Portability Database and
Global Title Translation, April 1999;
FCC First Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking; FCC
96-286; CC Docket 95-116, RM 8535; Released July 2, 1996;
FCC First Memorandum Opinion and Order on Reconsideration; FCC 97-74; CC
Docket 95-116, RM 8535; Released March 11, 1997.
FCC Second Report and Order, FCC 97-298; CC Docket 95-116, RM 8535;
Released August 18, 1997.
21.4 The Parties will cooperate in the development of national standards for
Interconnection elements as the competitive environment evolves. Recognizing that there are
no current national standards for Interconnection Network Elements, Qwest has developed its
own standards for some Network Elements. Details of these standards are documented in the
Qwest Technical Publications. Qwest Technical Publications have been developed to support
service offerings, inform End User Customers and suppliers, and promote engineering
consistency and deployment of developing technologies. Qwest provides all of its Technical
Publications at no charge via web site: http://www.qwest.com/techpub/.
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
309

Section 22
Signature Page
Section 22.0 - SIGNATURE PAGE
By signing below, and in consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein, and other good
and valuable consideration, the Parties agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in
this Interconnection Agreement.
Neutral Tandem, Inc. Qwest Corporation
Signature Signature
David Tatak L.T. Christensen
Name Printed/Typed Name Printed/Typed
VP – Billing & Revenue Service Director – Wholesale Contracts
Title Title
Date Date
April 13, 2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/NE/Agreement Number CDS-100402-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010
310

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Select Traffic Type EAS / Local Traffic
Reciprocal Compensation
Election
Options Notes
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
FCC ISP Ordered
6.0Resale Wholesale Wholesale
Discount Discount
Percentage Percentage
Recurring Nonrecurring
Charges Charges
6.1Wholesale Discount Rates
6.1.1 Basic Exchange Residential Line Service 16.00% 16.00% A A
6.1.2 Basic Exchange Business Line Service / PBX 16.00% 16.00% A A
6.1.3 IntraLATA Toll 16.00% 16.00% A A
6.1.4 Package / Special Services (e.g., Centrex, ISDN, DSS, Frame Relay Service, ACS) 16.00% 16.00% A A
6.1.5 Listings, CO Features & Information Services 16.00% 16.00% A A
6.1.6 Private Line 16.00% 16.00% A A
6.1.7 Public Access Line (PAL) Service 16.00% 16.00% A A
6.2Customer Transfer Charge (CTC)
6.2.1 CTC for POTS Service
6.2.1.1 Residential / Business
6.2.1.1.1 First Line
6.2.1.1.1.1 Manual $15.36 A
6.2.1.1.1.2 Mechanized $0.64 A
6.2.1.1.2 Each Additional Line
6.2.1.1.2.1 Manual $2.56 A
6.2.1.1.2.2 Mechanized $0.13 A
6.2.2 CTC for Private Line Transport Services
6.2.2.1 First Circuit $31.96 A
6.2.2.2 Additional Circuit, per Circuit, Same CSR $31.96 A
6.2.3 CTC for Advanced Communications Services, per Circuit $48.64 A
7.0Interconnection
7.1Entrance Facilities
7.1.1 Intentionally Left Blank
7.1.2 DS1 $79.98 $179.89 A A
7.1.3 DS3 $429.36 $314.74 A A
7.2LIS EICT
7.2.1 Per DS1 $0.00 $0.00 6 6
7.2.2 Per DS3 $0.00 $0.00 6 6
7.3Direct Trunked Transport
7.3.1 Intentionally Left Blank
7.3.2 DS1 (Recurring Fixed & per Mile)
7.3.2.1 Over 0 to 8 Miles $34.12 $3.25 A A
7.3.2.2 Over 8 to 25 Miles $34.95 $3.28 A A
7.3.2.3 Over 25 to 50 Miles $36.80 $1.86 A A
7.3.2.4 Over 50 Miles $35.44 $0.79 A A
7.3.3 DS3 (Recurring Fixed & per Mile)
7.3.3.1 Over 0 to 8 Miles $219.24 $54.79 A A
7.3.3.2 Over 8 to 25 Miles $222.65 $17.32 A A
7.3.3.3 Over 25 to 50 Miles $204.76 $21.47 A A
7.3.3.4 Over 50 Miles $216.42 $14.86 A A
7.4Multiplexing
7.4.1 DS1 to DS0 $233.80 $203.08 A A
7.4.2 DS3 to DS1 $248.81 $203.08 A A
7.5Trunk Nonrecurring
7.5.1 Intentionally Left Blank
7.5.2 DS1 Interface
7.5.2.1 First Trunk $262.34 A
7.5.2.2 Each Additional Trunk $4.74 A
7.5.3 DS3 Interface
7.5.3.1 First Trunk $267.84 A
7.5.3.2 Each Additional Trunk $10.25 A
7.6Exchange (EAS/Local) Traffic
7.6.1 End Office Call Termination, per Minute of Use $0.001260 ###
7.6.2 Tandem Switched Transport, Tandem Switching, per Minute of Use $0.00069 #
7.6.3 Tandem Transmission (Recurring Fixed & per Mile)
7.6.3.1 Over 0 to 8 Miles $0.000488 $0.0000308 A A
7.6.3.2 Over 8 to 25 Miles $0.000496 $0.0000179 A A
7.6.3.3 Over 25 to 50 Miles $0.000528 $0.0000134 A A
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 1 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
7.6.3.4 Over 50 Miles $0.000537 $0.0000076 A A
7.7Local Traffic - FCC - ISP Rate Caps
7.7.1 Minute Of Use as of June 14, 2003, rate in effect until further FCC action $0.0007 4
7.8Miscellaneous Charges
7.8.1 Expedite Charge (LIS Trunks) Qwest's
Nebraska
Access
Service
Catalog
7.8.2 Cancellation Charge (LIS Trunks) Qwest's
Nebraska
Access
Service
Catalog
7.8.3 Additional Testing (LIS Trunks) Qwest's
Nebraska
Access
Service
Catalog
7.9Transit Traffic
7.9.1 Local & IntraLATA Toll Transit, per Minute of Use $0.0045 2, 13
7.9.2 Intentionally Left Blank
7.9.3 Intentionally Left Blank
7.9.4 Category 11 Mechanized Record Charge, per Record
7.9.4.1 Mechanized Transit Records $0.0025 2, 13
7.10Jointly Provided Switched Access Services
7.10.1 Mechanized Access Records $0.001723 A
7.11IntraLATA Toll Traffic Qwest's Qwest's
Nebraska Nebraska
Access Access
Service Service
Catalog Catalog
8.0Collocation
8.1All Collocation
8.1.1 Planning and Engineering
8.1.1.1 Intentionally Left Blank
8.1.1.2 Cable Augment Quote Preparation Fee $1,379.19 1
8.1.2 Entrance Facility
8.1.2.1 Standard Shared, per Fiber $6.37 $621.04 A A
8.1.2.2 Cross Connect, per Fiber $6.57 $728.48 A A
8.1.2.3 Express, per Cable $102.89 $9,072.71 A A
8.1.3 Cable Splicing
8.1.3.1 Fiber, per Set-Up $477.02 A
8.1.3.2 Per Fiber Spliced $35.96 A
8.1.4 Power
8.1.4.1 Power Plant
8.1.4.1.1 Less Than 60 Amps, per Amp Ordered $12.67 A
8.1.4.1.2 Equal To or Greater Than 60 Amps, per Amp Ordered $8.38 A
8.1.4.2 Power Usage
8.1.4.2.1 Less Than or Equal To 60 Amps, per Amp Ordered $2.28 A
8.1.4.2.2 Greater Than 60 Amps, per Amp Ordered or Used $4.56 A
8.1.5 AC Power Feed
8.1.5.1 AC Power Feed, per Amp, per Month
8.1.5.1.1 120 V $18.24 A
8.1.5.1.2 208 V, Single Phase $31.61 A
8.1.5.1.3 208 V, Three Phase $54.68 A
8.1.5.1.4 240 V, Single Phase $36.47 A
8.1.5.1.5 240 V, Three Phase $63.10 A
8.1.5.1.6 480 V, Three Phase $126.19 A
8.1.5.2 AC Power Cable, per Foot, per Month
8.1.5.2.1 20 Amp, Single Phase $0.0141 $7.56 A A
8.1.5.2.2 20 Amp, Three Phase $0.0175 $9.38 A A
8.1.5.2.3 30 Amp, Single Phase $0.0152 $8.15 A A
8.1.5.2.4 30 Amp, Three Phase $0.0209 $11.20 A A
8.1.5.2.5 40 Amp, Single Phase $0.0179 $9.59 A A
8.1.5.2.6 40 Amp, Three Phase $0.0246 $13.20 A A
8.1.5.2.7 50 Amp, Single Phase $0.0212 $11.37 A A
8.1.5.2.8 50 Amp, Three Phase $0.0296 $15.88 A A
8.1.5.2.9 60 Amp, Single Phase $0.0240 $12.86 A A
8.1.5.2.10 60 Amp, Three Phase $0.0341 $18.28 A A
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 2 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
8.1.5.2.11 100 Amp, Single Phase $0.0297 $15.92 A A
8.1.5.2.12 100 Amp, Three Phase $0.0463 $24.86 A A
8.1.6 Inspector Labor, per Half Hour
8.1.6.1 Regular Hours Rate $30.22 A
8.1.6.2 After Hours Rate, minimum 3 Hours $38.91 A
8.1.7 Channel Regeneration
8.1.7.1 DS1 $0.00 $0.00 A, 9 A, 9
8.1.7.2 DS3 $0.00 $0.00 A, 9 A, 9
8.1.8 Collocation Terminations
8.1.8.1 Shared Access
8.1.8.1.1 DS0
8.1.8.1.1.1 Cable Placement, per 100 Pair Block $0.2337 $195.86 A A
8.1.8.1.1.2 Cable Placement, per Termination $0.0044 $3.68 A A
8.1.8.1.1.3 Cable, per 100 Pair Block $0.3753 $314.53 A A
8.1.8.1.1.4 Cable, per Termination $0.0051 $4.31 A A
8.1.8.1.1.5 Blocks, per 100 Pair Block $0.6498 $544.57 A A
8.1.8.1.1.6 Blocks, per Termination $0.0089 $7.46 A A
8.1.8.1.1.7 Block Placement, per 100 Pair Block $0.2447 $205.06 A A
8.1.8.1.1.8 Block Placement, per Termination $0.0034 $2.81 A A
8.1.8.1.2 DS1
8.1.8.1.2.1 Cable Placement, per 28 DS1s $0.6360 $341.18 A A
8.1.8.1.2.2 Cable Placement, per Termination $0.0684 $36.69 A A
8.1.8.1.2.3 Cable, per 28 DS1s $0.6768 $363.12 A A
8.1.8.1.2.4 Cable, per Termination $0.0728 $39.04 A A
8.1.8.1.2.5 Panel, per 28 DS1s $0.3854 $206.76 A A
8.1.8.1.2.6 Panel, per Termination $0.0463 $24.82 A A
8.1.8.1.2.7 Panel Placement, per 28 DS1s $0.1300 $69.75 A A
8.1.8.1.2.8 Panel Placement, per Termination $0.0140 $7.50 A A
8.1.8.1.3 DS3
8.1.8.1.3.1 Cable Placement, per Termination $0.2356 $126.38 A A
8.1.8.1.3.2 Cable, per Termination $0.4371 $234.48 A A
8.1.8.1.3.3 Connector, per Termination $0.4473 $239.99 A A
8.1.8.1.3.4 Connector Placement, per Termination $0.0335 $17.42 A A
8.1.8.1.4 Fiber
8.1.8.1.4.1 Fiber Terminations, per 12 Fibers $12.39 $1,601.47 1 1
8.1.8.1.4.2 Additional Connector, per Each 12 Fiber Connectors $0.53 $435.47 1 1
8.1.8.1.4.3 Fiber Cable Racking, Shared, per 12 Fibers $19.61 1
8.1.8.1.4.4 Fiber Cable Racking, Dedicated, per 12 Fibers $1.85 $1,516.92 1 1
8.1.9 Security Charges
8.1.9.1 Access Card, per Employee $0.85 A
8.1.9.2 Card Access, per Employee, per Central Office $7.83 A
8.1.10 Composite Clock / Central Office Clock Synchronization
8.1.10.1 Synchronization - Composite Clock, per Port $7.29 A
8.1.11 Intentionally Left Blank
8.1.12 Space Availability Report Charge, per Office $316.00 A
8.1.13 Collocation Space Reservation Fee Charge will
be 25% of
Nonrecurring
Fee
8.1.14 Collocation Space Option Administration Fee $1,735.18 A
8.1.15 Collocation Space Option Fee $2.00 2
8.1.16 Joint Inventory Visit Fee, per Visit $1,610.12 1
8.1.17 Intentionally Left Blank
8.1.18 Intentionally Left Blank
8.1.19 Intentionally Left Blank
8.1.20 Splitter Collocation
8.1.20.1 Tie Cable Reclassification ICB 3
8.1.20.2 Splitter Shelf Charge $4.69 $489.31 A A
8.1.20.3 Engineering $1,207.57 A
8.1.20.4 Splitter TIE Cable Connections
8.1.20.4.1 Splitter in the Common Area - Data to 410 Block $4.85 $2,604.57 A A
8.1.20.4.2 Splitter in the Common Area - Data Direct to CLEC $5.16 $2,768.57 A A
8.1.20.4.3 Splitter on the IDF - Data to 410 Block $1.48 $792.20 A A
8.1.20.4.4 Splitter on the IDF - Data Direct to CLEC $2.91 $1,559.71 A A
8.1.20.4.5 Splitter on the MDF - Data to 410 Block $1.53 $819.66 A A
8.1.20.4.6 Splitter on the MDF - Data Direct to CLEC $3.45 $1,849.64 A A
8.1.20.5 Splitter Charge ICB 3
8.1.21 Miscellaneous Services
8.1.21.1 Maintenance Labor, per Half Hour (see rates in 8.2.2)
8.1.21.1.1 Regular Hours Rate $26.50 15
8.1.21.1.2 After Hours Rate $35.46 15
8.1.21.2 Engineering Labor, per Half Hour (see rates in 8.2.5)
8.1.21.2.1 Regular Hours Rate $28.59 15
8.1.21.2.2 After Hours Rate $36.91 15
8.1.21.3 Installation Labor / Inspection Labor, per Half Hour (see rates in 8.2.6)
8.1.21.3.1 Regular Hours Rate $30.22 15
8.1.21.3.2 After Hours Rate $38.91 15
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 3 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
8.2Virtual Collocation
8.2.1 Planning and Engineering
8.2.1.1 Quote Preparation Fee $4,150.20 A
8.2.2 Maintenance Labor, per Half Hour
8.2.2.1 Regular Hours Rate $26.50 A
8.2.2.2 After Hours Rate $35.46 A
8.2.3 Training Labor, per Half Hour
8.2.3.1 Regular Hours Rate $26.50 A
8.2.4 Equipment Bay, per Shelf $3.76 A
8.2.5 Engineering Labor, per Half Hour
8.2.5.1 Regular Hours Rate $28.59 A
8.2.5.2 After Hours Rate $36.91 A
8.2.6 Installation Labor / Inspection Labor, per Half Hour
8.2.6.1 Regular Hours Rate $30.22 A
8.2.6.2 After Hours Rate $38.91 A
8.2.7 Rent
8.2.7.1 Floor Space Lease, per Square Foot $3.36 A
8.2.8 Intentionally Left Blank
8.2.9 -48 Volt DC Power Cables, per Feed
8.2.9.1 20 Amp Power Feed $7.60 $4,077.36 A A
8.2.9.2 30 Amp Power Feed $8.65 $4,642.37 A A
8.2.9.3 40 Amp Power Feed $10.45 $5,606.87 A A
8.2.9.4 60 Amp Power Feed $13.18 $7,068.30 A A
8.3Cageless Physical Collocation
8.3.1 Planning and Engineering
8.3.1.1 Quote Preparation Fee $4,150.20 A, 7
8.3.2 Space Construction and Site Preparation
8.3.2.1 Site Preparation Fee ICB 3
8.3.2.2 Space Constructiuon for 2 Bays & 1 - 40 Amp Power Feed - 90 Day $47.12 $25,276.94 A A
8.3.2.3 Intentionally Left Blank
8.3.2.4 Intentionally Left Blank
8.3.2.5 Intentionally Left Blank
8.3.2.6 Adjustment for Initial Power Feed - Change to Standard Design
8.3.2.6.1 20 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment ($2.85) ($1,529.51) A A
8.3.2.6.2 30 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment ($1.80) ($964.50) A A
8.3.2.6.3 Intentionally Left Blank
8.3.2.6.4 60 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment $2.72 $1,461.43 A A
8.3.2.6.5 100 Amp Initial Power Feed $12.89 $6,914.43 A A
8.3.2.6.6 200 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment $41.69 $22,365.91 A A
8.3.2.6.7 300 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment $77.31 $41,478.20 A A
8.3.2.6.8 400 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment $118.40 $63,521.04 A A
8.3.2.6.9 Each Additional Bay $4.25 $2,280.78 A A
8.3.2.6.10 Adjustment for Single Bay - Change to Standard Design ($4.25) ($2,280.78) A A
8.3.2.7 Intentionally Left Blank
8.3.2.8 Additional DC Power Feed - Does Not Apply to Initial Feed
8.3.2.8.1 20 Amp Power Feed $7.60 $4,077.36 A A
8.3.2.8.2 30 Amp Power Feed $8.65 $4,642.37 A A
8.3.2.8.3 40 Amp Power Feed $10.45 $5,606.87 A A
8.3.2.8.4 60 Amp Power Feed $13.18 $7,068.30 A A
8.3.2.8.5 100 Amp Power Feed $33.43 $17,935.78 A A
8.3.2.8.6 200 Amp Power Feed $62.23 $33,387.26 A A
8.3.2.8.7 300 Amp Power Feed $97.86 $52,499.54 A A
8.3.2.8.8 400 Amp Power Feed $138.95 $74,542.38 A A
8.3.2.9 Cageless Bay Fees
8.3.2.9.1 Bay, per Bay $2041.40 1
8.3.2.9.2 2.5 Inch Spacer Fee, per Spacer $275.87 1
8.3.2.9.3 5 Inch Spacer Fee, per Spacer $289.86 1
8.3.3 Floor Space Lease, per Square Foot $3.36 A
8.4Caged Physical Collocation
8.4.1 Planning and Engineering
8.4.1.1 Quote Preparation Fee $4,512.47 A, 7
8.4.2 Space Construction and Site Preparation
8.4.2.1 Intentionally Left Blank
8.4.2.2 Intentionally Left Blank
8.4.2.3 Intentionally Left Blank
8.4.2.4 Space Construction for Cage & 1 - 60 Amp Power Feed
8.4.2.4.1 Cage: Up to 100 Sq. Ft. $84.22 $45,185.19 A A
8.4.2.4.2 Cage: 101 to 200 Sq. Ft. $87.67 $47,031.33 A A
8.4.2.4.3 Cage: 201 to 300 Sq. Ft. $90.34 $48,466.92 A A
8.4.2.4.4 Cage: 301 to 400 Sq. Ft. $93.69 $50,265.98 A A
8.4.2.5 Adjustment for Initial Power Feed - Change to Standard Design
8.4.2.5.1 20 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment ($11.09) ($5,952.18) A A
8.4.2.5.2 30 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment ($10.14) ($5,437.78) A A
8.4.2.5.3 40 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment ($8.10) ($4,344.78) A A
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 4 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
8.4.2.5.4 100 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment $12.89 $6,914.43 A A
8.4.2.5.5 200 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment $41.69 $22,365.91 A A
8.4.2.5.6 300 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment $77.31 $41,478.20 A A
8.4.2.5.7 400 Amp Initial Power Feed Adjustment $118.40 $63,521.04 A A
8.4.2.6 Intentionally Left Blank
8.4.2.7 Additional DC Power Feed - Does not Apply to Initial Feed
8.4.2.7.1 20 Amp Power Feed $9.45 $5,069.17 A A
8.4.2.7.2 30 Amp Power Feed $10.41 $5,583.56 A A
8.4.2.7.3 40 Amp Power Feed $12.44 $6,676.57 A A
8.4.2.7.4 60 Amp Power Feed $20.54 $11,021.34 A A
8.4.2.7.5 100 Amp Power Feed $33.43 $17,935.78 1 1
8.4.2.7.6 200 Amp Power Feed $62.23 $33,387.26 1 1
8.4.2.7.7 300 Amp Power Feed $97.86 $52,499.54 1 1
8.4.2.7.8 400 Amp Power Feed $138.95 $74,542.38 1 1
8.4.3 Fencing Credit
8.4.3.1 Cage: Up to 100 Sq. Ft. ($9.68) ($5,190.62) A A
8.4.3.2 Cage: 101 to 200 Sq. Ft. ($12.06) ($6,471.93) A A
8.4.3.3 Cage: 201 to 300 Sq. Ft. ($13.55) ($7,269.48) A A
8.4.3.4 Cage: 301 to 400 Sq. Ft. ($14.96) ($8,027.80) A A
8.4.4 Floor Space Lease, per Square Foot $3.36 A
8.4.5 Intentionally Left Blank
8.4.6 Intentionally Left Blank
8.4.7 Intentionally Left Blank
8.4.8 Grounding
8.4.8.1 2 / 0 AWG, per Foot $0.0162 $8.71 A A
8.4.8.2 1 / 0 AWG, per Foot $0.0286 $15.33 A A
8.4.8.3 4 / 0 AWG, per Foot $0.0334 $17.90 A A
8.4.8.4 350 kcmil, per Foot $0.0437 $23.42 A A
8.4.8.5 500 kcmil, per Foot $0.0502 $26.95 A A
8.4.8.6 750 kcmil, per Foot $0.0763 $40.93 A A
8.5Adjacent Collocation ICB 3
8.6Remote Collocation
8.6.1 Physical & Virtual Remote Collocation
8.6.1.1 Space, per Standard Mounting Unit $0.42 $818.87 A A
8.6.1.2 FDI Terminations, per 25 Pair $0.22 $527.27 A A
8.6.1.3 Power Usage (see rate in 8.1.4.2)
8.6.1.3.1 Less Than or Equal To 60 Amps, per Amp Ordered $2.28 15
8.6.1.3.2 Greater Than 60 Amps, per Amp Ordered or Used $4.56 15
8.6.2 Adjacent Remote Collocation ICB 3
8.6.3 Additional Virtual Remote Terminal Features
8.6.3.1 Flat Charge, per Job $36.16 1
8.6.3.2 Engineering, per Half Hour $35.65 1
8.6.3.3 Maintenance, per Half Hour $29.40 1
8.6.3.4 Installation, per Half Hour $29.40 1
8.6.3.5 Training, per Half Hour $29.40 1
8.7CLEC-to-CLEC
8.7.1 Design Engineering & Installation - No Cables
8.7.1.1 Fiber Flat Charge $1,339.04 1
8.7.1.2 Flat Charge $745.12 A
8.7.2 Cable Racking
8.7.2.1 DS0, per Foot $0.16526 A
8.7.2.2 DS1, per Foot $0.17587 A
8.7.2.3 DS3, per Foot $0.15130 A
8.7.2.4 Fiber, per Request $119.64 1
8.7.3 Virtual Connections (Connections Only; No Cables)
8.7.3.1 DS0, per 100 Connections $181.50 A
8.7.3.2 DS1, per 28 Connections $85.00 A
8.7.3.3 DS3, per 1 Connection $5.80 A
8.7.3.4 Fiber, per Fiber Spliced (see rate in 8.1.3.2) $35.96 15
8.7.4 Cable Hole, if Applicable $422.16 A
8.7.5 CLEC-to-CLEC Cross Connection $189.12 A
8.8Interconnection Distribution Frame (ICDF) Collocation
8.8.1 Quote Preparation Fee (see rate in 8.1.1.2) $1,379.19 15
8.8.2 DS0 Circuit, per 200 Legs $21.13 $2,219.13 1 1
8.8.3 DS1 Circuit, per Two Legs $1.08 $73.30 1 1
8.8.4 DS3 Circuit, per Two Legs $10.56 $1,205.11 1 1
8.8.5 Fiber Circuit, per Two Legs $2.66 $241.56 1 1
8.9Collocation Cancellation QPF,
Prorated Job
Costs
8.9.1 Additional Labor Other, per Half Hour or fraction thereof (see rates in 9.20)
8.9.1.1 Additional Labor - Basic $26.18 15
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 5 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
8.9.1.2 Additional Labor - Overtime $34.96 15
8.9.1.3 Additional Labor - Premium $43.76 15
8.9.2 Additional Dispatch, per Order (see rate in 9.20) $79.80 15
8.10Microwave Entrance Facility ICB ICB 3 3
8.11Intentionally Left Blank
8.12Facility Connected (FC) Collocation
8.12.1 Quote Preparation Fee, per Request ICB 3
8.12.2 Engineering Fee, per Job ICB 3
8.12.3 Copper Entrance Facility, per 100 Pair ICB ICB 3 3
8.12.4 Fiber Entrance Facility, per Cable, minimum 12 Strands (see rates in 8.1.2.1) $6.37 $621.04 15 15
8.12.5 Termination Block with Gas Protectors, per 100 Pairs ICB ICB 3 3
8.12.6 Termination Panel, per 12 Strands ICB ICB 3 3
8.12.7 DS1 Voltage Isolation, per DS1 ICB ICB 3 3
8.13DC Power Reduction and Restoration
8.13.1 Power Reduction
8.13.1.1 Quote Preparation Fee, per Office $797.51 1
8.13.1.2 Power Reduction, with or without Reservation, per Feed Set
8.13.1.2.1 Less Than 60 Amps $620.14 1
8.13.1.2.2 Equal To 60 Amps $872.17 1
8.13.1.2.3 Greater Than 60 Amps $1,095.67 1
8.13.1.3 Power Off, per Feed Set, per Secondary Feed $1,050.65 1
8.13.1.4 Power Maintenance Charge (Reservation Charge), per Fuse Set $60.53 1
8.13.1.5 Location Change from Power Board to BDFB ICB 3
8.13.2 Power Restoration
8.13.2.1 Quote Preparation Fee, per Office $797.51 1
8.13.2.2 Power Restoration, applies to Primary & Secondary Feed
8.13.2.2.1 Power Restoration with Reservation
8.13.2.2.1.1 Less Than 60 Amps $620.14 1
8.13.2.2.1.2 Equal To 60 Amps $872.17 1
8.13.2.2.1.3 Greater Than 60 Amps $1,095.67 1
8.13.2.2.2 Power Restoration without Reservation ICB 3
8.13.2.3 Location Change from Power Board to BDFB ICB 3
8.14Collocation Transfer of Responsibility
8.14.1 Intentionally Left Blank
8.14.2 Assessment Fee, per Request $1,058.00 1
8.14.3 Network System Administration Fee, per Request $1,663.00 1
8.14.4 Transfer of Responsibility applies to Wireline & Wireless Local Interconnection Trunks, UDIT, $31.74 1
8.14.5 Transfer of Responsibility applies to Unbundled Loop, Subloop, Loop Splitting, Loop Mux Combo, $31.74 1
8.15Collocation Available Inventory
8.15.1 Standard Sites
8.15.1.1 Removal of Terminations
8.15.1.1.1 DS0, per 100 Terminations ICB 3
8.15.1.1.2 DS1, per Termination ICB 3
8.15.1.1.3 DS3, per Termination ICB 3
8.15.1.1.4 OCN, per 12 Fibers ICB 3
8.15.2 Special Sites
8.15.2.1 Special Site Assessment Fee $1,058.00 1
8.15.2.2 Network Systems Assessment Fee $1,663.00 1
8.15.2.3 Site Survey Fee $150.00 1
8.15.3 Re-usable Elements ICB 3
8.15.4 Quote Preparation Fee (QPF)
8.15.4.1 Cageless (see rate in 8.3.1.1) $4,150.20 7, 14
8.15.4.2 Caged (see rate in 8.4.1.1) $4,512.47 7, 14
8.16Collocation Decommissioning (see rates in 9.20)
8.16.1 Additional Labor other, per Half Hour or fraction thereof
8.16.1.1 Additional Labor Other - Basic $26.18 15
8.16.1.2 Additional Labor Other - Overtime $34.96 15
8.16.1.3 Additional Labor Other - Premium $43.76 15
8.16.2 Additional Dispatch, per Order $79.80 15
8.17Joint Testing
8.17.1 Set-Up Fee (see rate in 8.2.2.1 with a one hour minimum) $53.00 15
8.17.2 Test Time Fee, per Half Hour (see rate in 8.2.2.1) $26.50 15
9.0Unbundled Network Elements (UNEs)
9.1Interconnection Tie Pairs (ITP) - Per Termination
9.1.1 DS0 $0.44 A
9.1.2 DS1 $1.54 A
9.1.3 DS3 $15.72 A
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 6 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
9.2Unbundled Loops
9.2.1 Analog Loops See 9.2.4
9.2.1.1 2-Wire Voice Grade Loop
9.2.1.1.1 Zone 1 $12.14 #
9.2.1.1.2 Zone 2 $28.11 #
9.2.1.1.3 Zone 3 $62.50 #
9.2.1.2 Intentionally Left Blank
9.2.1.3 4-Wire Voice Grade Loop
9.2.1.3.1 Zone 1 $23.83 #
9.2.1.3.2 Zone 2 $55.16 #
9.2.1.3.3 Zone 3 $122.63 #
9.2.1.4 Intentionally Left Blank
9.2.1.5 Unbundled Loop Grooming (2-Wire) $0.19 ###
9.2.1.6 Unbundled Loop Grooming (4-Wire) $0.38 ###
9.2.2 Nonloaded Loops See 9.2.4
9.2.2.1 2-Wire Nonloaded Loop
9.2.2.1.1 Zone 1 $12.14 #
9.2.2.1.2 Zone 2 $28.11 #
9.2.2.1.3 Zone 3 $62.50 #
9.2.2.2 Intentionally Left Blank
9.2.2.3 4-Wire Nonloaded Loop
9.2.2.3.1 Zone 1 $23.83 #
9.2.2.3.2 Zone 2 $55.16 #
9.2.2.3.3 Zone 3 $122.63 #
9.2.2.4 Cable Unloading / Bridge Tap Removal $615.79 10
9.2.3 Digital Capable Loops
9.2.3.1 Basic Rate ISDN / xDSL-I Capable See 9.2.4
and 9.2.2.3
9.2.3.1.1 Zone 1 $12.14 #
9.2.3.1.2 Zone 2 $28.11 #
9.2.3.1.3 Zone 3 $62.50 #
9.2.3.2 Intentionally Left Blank
9.2.3.3 DS1 Capable Loop See 9.2.5
9.2.3.3.1 Zone 1 $74.88 #
9.2.3.3.2 Zone 2 $78.63 #
9.2.3.3.3 Zone 3 $83.57 #
9.2.3.4 DS3 Capable Loop See 9.2.6
9.2.3.4.1 Zone 1 $791.17 #
9.2.3.4.2 Zone 2 $912.30 #
9.2.3.4.3 Zone 3 $1,017.23 #
9.2.3.5 Intentionally Left Blank
9.2.3.6 2-Wire Extension Technology $3.98 A
9.2.3.7 Intentionally Left Blank
9.2.3.8 Unbundled Loop Grooming 2-Wire Extension Technology $1.46 A
9.2.4 Loop Installation Charges for 2 & 4-Wire Analog, 2 & 4-Wire Nonloaded, ISDN BRI Capable and See 9.2.1,
xDSL - I Capable Loops where conditioning is not required. 9.2.2, &
9.2.3.1
9.2.4.1 Basic Installation
9.2.4.1.1 First $55.27 #
9.2.4.1.2 Each Additional $48.77 #
9.2.4.2 Basic Installation with Performance Testing
9.2.4.2.1 First $142.10 #
9.2.4.2.2 Each Additional $94.09 #
9.2.4.3 Coordinated Installation with Cooperative Testing / Project Coordinated Installation
9.2.4.3.1 First $171.87 #
9.2.4.3.2 Each Additional $94.09 #
9.2.4.4 Coordinated Installation without Cooperative Testing / Project Coordinated Installation
9.2.4.4.1 First $59.81 #
9.2.4.4.2 Each Additional $53.32 #
9.2.4.5 Basic Installation with Cooperative Testing
9.2.4.5.1 First $142.10 #
9.2.4.5.2 Each Additional $94.09 #
9.2.5 DS1 Loop Installation Charges See 9.2.3.3
9.2.5.1 Basic Installation
9.2.5.1.1 First $136.15 A
9.2.5.1.2 Each Additional $99.26 A
9.2.5.2 Basic Installation with Performance Testing
9.2.5.2.1 First $262.58 A
9.2.5.2.2 Each Additional $186.92 A
9.2.5.3 Coordinated Installation with Cooperative Testing / Project Coordinated Installation
9.2.5.3.1 First $300.28 A
9.2.5.3.2 Each Additional $186.92 A
9.2.5.4 Coordinated Installation without Cooperative Testing / Project Coordinated Installation
9.2.5.4.1 First $144.75 A
9.2.5.4.2 Each Additional $107.85 A
9.2.5.5 Basic Installation with Cooperative Testing
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 7 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
9.2.5.5.1 First $262.58 A
9.2.5.5.2 Each Additional $186.92 A
9.2.6 DS3 Loop Installation Charges See 9.2.3.4
9.2.6.1 Basic Installation
9.2.6.1.1 First $136.15 A
9.2.6.1.2 Each Additional $99.26 A
9.2.6.2 Basic Installation with Performance Testing
9.2.6.2.1 First $262.58 A
9.2.6.2.2 Each Additional $186.92 A
9.2.6.3 Coordinated Installation with Cooperative Testing / Project Coordinated Installation
9.2.6.3.1 First $300.28 A
9.2.6.3.2 Each Additional $186.92 A
9.2.6.4 Coordinated Installation without Cooperative Testing / Project Coordinated Installation
9.2.6.4.1 First $144.75 A
9.2.6.4.2 Each Additional $107.85 A
9.2.6.5 Basic Installation with Cooperative Testing
9.2.6.5.1 First $262.58 A
9.2.6.5.2 Each Additional $186.92 A
9.2.7 Intentionally Left Blank
9.2.8 Private Line / Special Access to Unbundled Loop Conversion (as is) $30.87 1
9.3Subloop
9.3.1 2-Wire Analog and Nonloaded Distribution Loop
9.3.1.1 First Loop $90.71 A
9.3.1.2 Each Additional $22.91 A
9.3.1.3 First & Each Additional 2-Wire Distribution Loop
9.3.1.3.1 Zone 1 $8.54 #
9.3.1.3.2 Zone 2 $19.76 #
9.3.1.3.3 Zone 3 $37.18 A
9.3.2 Intentionally Left Blank
9.3.3 Intra-Building Cable $0.55 A
9.3.3.1 No Dispatch, First $55.30 1
9.3.3.2 No Dispatch, Each Additional $23.07 1
9.3.4 Intentionally Left Blank
9.3.5 MTE Terminal Subloop Access
9.3.5.1 Subloop MTE - POI Site Inventory, per Request $266.90 1
9.3.5.2 MTE - POI Rearrangement of Facilities ICB 3
9.3.5.3 MTE - POI Construction of New SPOI ICB 3
9.3.5.4 Intentionally Left Blank
9.3.5.5 Campus Wire / Jumper $3.95 $80.00 A A
9.3.6 Intentionally Left Blank
9.3.7 Field Connection Point (FCP)
9.3.7.1 Feasibility Fee / Quote Preparation Fee $1,545.82 A
9.3.7.2 FCP Set-up, per Request $3,177.66 1
9.3.7.3 FCP Splicing, per 25 Pairs $13.40 1
9.3.7.4 FCP Reclassification Charge $582.54 1
9.4Shared Services
9.4.1 Intentionally Left Blank
9.4.2 Line Splitting
9.4.2.1 Basic Installation Charge for Line Sharing $26.98 1
9.4.3 Loop Splitting
9.4.3.1 Basic Installation Charge for Loop Splitting $26.98 1
9.4.4 OSS, per Order $0.00 ##
9.5Network Interface Device (NID) $1.08 $64.88 11 A
9.6Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
9.6.1 DS0 UDIT (Recurring Fixed & per Mile) $232.28 A
9.6.1.1 Over 0 to 8 Miles $20.95 $0.23 A A
9.6.1.2 Over 8 to 25 Miles $21.00 $0.13 A A
9.6.1.3 Over 25 to 50 Miles $21.11 $0.11 A A
9.6.1.4 Over 50 Miles $21.19 $0.07 A A
9.6.2 DS1 UDIT (Recurring Fixed & per Mile) $274.40 A
9.6.2.1 Over 0 to 8 Miles $34.12 $3.25 A A
9.6.2.2 Over 8 to 25 Miles $34.95 $3.28 A A
9.6.2.3 Over 25 to 50 Miles $36.80 $1.86 A A
9.6.2.4 Over 50 Miles $35.44 $0.79 A A
9.6.3 DS3 UDIT (Recurring Fixed & per Mile) $274.40 A
9.6.3.1 Over 0 to 8 Miles $219.24 $54.79 A A
9.6.3.2 Over 8 to 25 Miles $222.65 $17.32 A A
9.6.3.3 Over 25 to 50 Miles $204.76 $21.47 A A
9.6.3.4 Over 50 Miles $216.42 $14.86 A A
9.6.4 Intentionally Left Blank
9.6.5 Intentionally Left Blank
9.6.6 Intentionally Left Blank
9.6.7 UDIT DS0 Channel Performance
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 8 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
9.6.7.1 DS0 UDIT Low Side Channelization $12.56 A
9.6.8 Intentionally Left Blank
9.6.9 Intentionally Left Blank
9.6.10 Intentionally Left Blank
9.6.11 UDIT Rearrangement
9.6.11.1 DS0, Single Office $166.26 A
9.6.11.2 DS0, Dual Office $206.64 A
9.6.11.3 High Capacity, Single Office $224.87 A
9.6.11.4 High Capacity, Dual Office $250.93 A
9.6.12 Private Line / Special Access to UDIT Conversion (as is) $118.99 1
9.7Unbundled Dark Fiber (UDF)
9.7.1 Initial Records Inquiry (IRI)
9.7.1.1 Simple $237.96 A
9.7.1.2 Complex $279.35 A
9.7.2 Field Verification and Quote Preparation (FVQP) $952.24 A
9.7.3 Engineering Verification $327.09 A
9.7.4 UDF - Single Strand
9.7.4.1 UDF - Interoffice Facilities (UDF-IOF) - Single Strand
9.7.4.1.1 Order Charge, per First Strand / Route / Order (see rate in 9.7.5.1.1) $420.87 15
9.7.4.1.2 Order Charge, Each Additional Strand / Route / Ordersee rate in $210.29 15
9.7.4.1.3 Fiber Transport, per Strand / Mile $52.90 A
9.7.4.1.4 Termination, Fixed, per Strand / Office $3.90 A
9.7.4.1.5 Fiber Cross-Connect (minimum of 2 Cross-Connects apply), per $2.17 $14.29 A 15
9.7.5 UDF - per Pair
9.7.5.1 UDF - Interoffice Facilities (UDF-IOF) - per Pair
9.7.5.1.1 Order Charge, per First Pair / Route / Order $420.87 A
9.7.5.1.2 Order Charge, Each Additional Pair / Route / Order $210.29 A
9.7.5.1.3 Fiber Transport, per Pair / Mile $68.77 A
9.7.5.1.4 Termination, Fixed, per Pair / Office / Termination $7.80 A
9.7.5.1.5 Fiber Cross-Connect (minimum of 2 Cross-Connects apply), per Pair $4.33 $14.29 A A
9.7.6 Dark Fiber Splice $625.39 A
9.7.7 UDF-MTE Subloop ICB ICB 3 3
9.8Intentionally Left Blank
9.9Intentionally Left Blank
9.10Intentionally Left Blank
9.11Intentionally Left Blank
9.12Intentionally Left Blank
9.13Intentionally Left Blank
9.14Intentionally Left Blank
9.15Intentionally Left Blank
9.16Intentionally Left Blank
9.17Intentionally Left Blank
9.18Intentionally Left Blank
9.19Construction Charges
9.19.1 CLEC Requested UNE Construction (CRUNEC) - applies to Unbundled Dark Fiber, Unbundled
9.19.1.1 Records Quote Preparation Fee $363.47 1
9.19.1.2 Construction Quote Preparation Fee $903.21 1
9.19.2 Construction of Network Capacity, Facilities or Space for Access to or use of UNEs ICB ICB 3 3
9.20Miscellaneous Charges
9.20.1 Additional Engineering, per Half Hour or fraction thereof
9.20.1.1 Additional Engineering - Basic $30.03 A
9.20.1.2 Additional Engineering - Overtime $37.14 A
9.20.2 Additional Labor Installation, per Half Hour or fraction thereof
9.20.2.1 Additional Labor Installation - Overtime $8.54 A
9.20.2.2 Additional Labor Installation - Premium $17.08 A
9.20.3 Additional Labor Other, per Half Hour or fraction thereof
9.20.3.1 Additional Labor Other - (Optional Testing) Basic $26.18 A
9.20.3.2 Additional Labor Other - (Optional Testing) Overtime $34.96 A
9.20.3.3 Additional Labor Other - (Optional Testing) Premium $43.76 A
9.20.4 Intentionally Left Blank
9.20.5 Intentionally Left Blank
9.20.6 Additional Cooperative Acceptance Testing, per Half Hour or fraction thereof
9.20.6.1 Additional Cooperative Acceptance Testing - Basic $27.81 A
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 9 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
9.20.6.2 Additional Cooperative Acceptance Testing - Overtime $37.14 A
9.20.6.3 Additional Cooperative Acceptance Testing - Premium $46.48 A
9.20.7 Nonscheduled Cooperative Testing, per Half Hour or fraction thereof
9.20.7.1 Nonscheduled Cooperative Testing - Basic $27.81 A
9.20.7.2 Nonscheduled Cooperative Testing - Overtime $37.14 A
9.20.7.3 Nonscheduled Cooperative Testing - Premium $46.48 A
9.20.8 Nonscheduled Manual Testing, per Half Hour or fraction thereof
9.20.8.1 Nonscheduled Manual Testing - Basic $27.81 A
9.20.8.2 Nonscheduled Manual Testing - Overtime $37.14 A
9.20.8.3 Nonscheduled Manual Testing - Premium $46.48 A
9.20.9 Intentionally Left Blank
9.20.10 Intentionally Left Blank
9.20.11 Additional Dispatch, per Order $79.80 A
9.20.12 Intentionally Left Blank
9.20.13 Design Change, per Order $69.90 A
9.20.14 Expedite Charge, per Day Advanced (see rates in Qwest s Tariff FCC No. 1 Section 5) $200.00 12
9.20.15 Cancellation Charge ICB 3
9.20.16 Maintenance of Service, per Half Hour or fraction thereof
9.20.16.1 Maintenance of Service - Basic $26.18 A
9.20.16.2 Maintenance of Service - Overtime $34.96 A
9.20.16.3 Maintenance of Service - Premium $43.76 A
9.20.17 Intentionally Left Blank
9.21Channel Regeneration
9.21.1 DS1 $0.00 $0.00 A, 9 A, 9
9.21.2 DS3 $0.00 $0.00 A, 9 A, 9
9.22Intentionally Left Blank
9.23UNE Combinations
9.23.1 Intentionally Left Blank
9.23.2 Enhanced Extended Loop (EEL)
9.23.2.1 EEL Loop, DS0 2-Wire
9.23.2.1.1 EEL 2-Wire Loop Installation
9.23.2.1.1.1 First $207.99 A
9.23.2.1.1.2 Each Additional $158.00 A
9.23.2.1.2 2-Wire Analog Loop (see rates in 9.2.1.1)
9.23.2.1.2.1 Zone 1 $12.14 15
9.23.2.1.2.2 Zone 2 $28.11 15
9.23.2.1.2.3 Zone 3 $62.50 15
9.23.2.2 EEL Loop, DS0 4-Wire
9.23.2.2.1 EEL 4-Wire Loop Installation
9.23.2.2.1.1 First $207.99 A
9.23.2.2.1.2 Each Additional $158.00 A
9.23.2.2.2 4-Wire Analog Loop (see rates in 9.2.1.3)
9.23.2.2.2.1 Zone 1 $23.83 15
9.23.2.2.2.2 Zone 2 $55.16 15
9.23.2.2.2.3 Zone 3 $122.63 15
9.23.2.3 EEL Loop, DS1
9.23.2.3.1 EEL DS1 Loop Installation
9.23.2.3.1.1 First $265.13 A
9.23.2.3.1.2 Each Additional $205.77 A
9.23.2.3.2 DS1 Capable Loop (see rates in 9.2.3.3)
9.23.2.3.2.1 Zone 1 $74.88 15
9.23.2.3.2.2 Zone 2 $78.63 15
9.23.2.3.2.3 Zone 3 $83.57 15
9.23.2.4 EEL Loop, DS3
9.23.2.4.1 EEL DS3 Loop Installation
9.23.2.4.1.1 First $284.78 A
9.23.2.4.1.2 Each Additional $225.41 A
9.23.2.4.2 DS3 Capable Loop (see rates in 9.2.3.4)
9.23.2.4.2.1 Zone 1 $791.17 15
9.23.2.4.2.2 Zone 2 $912.30 15
9.23.2.4.2.3 Zone 3 $1,017.23 15
9.23.2.5 Private Line / Special Access to EEL Conversion (as is) $30.87 A
9.23.2.6 EEL Rearrangement
9.23.2.6.1 DS0 $136.86 A
9.23.2.6.2 High Capacity $155.34 A
9.23.2.7 EEL Transport
9.23.2.7.1 DS0 (Recurring Fixed & per Mile) (see rates in 9.6.1)
9.23.2.7.1.1 Over 0 to 8 Miles $20.95 $0.23 15 15
9.23.2.7.1.2 Over 8 to 25 Miles $21.00 $0.13 15 15
9.23.2.7.1.3 Over 25 to 50 Miles $21.11 $0.11 15 15
9.23.2.7.1.4 Over 50 Miles $21.19 $0.07 15 15
9.23.2.7.2 DS1 (Recurring Fixed & per Mile) (see rates in 9.6.2)
9.23.2.7.2.1 Over 0 to 8 Miles $34.12 $3.25 15 15
9.23.2.7.2.2 Over 8 to 25 Miles $34.95 $3.28 15 15
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 10 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
9.23.2.7.2.3 Over 25 to 50 Miles $36.80 $1.86 15 15
9.23.2.7.2.4 Over 50 Miles $35.44 $0.79 15 15
9.23.2.7.3 DS3 (Recurring Fixed & per Mile) (see rates in 9.6.3)
9.23.2.7.3.1 Over 0 to 8 Miles $219.24 $54.79 15 15
9.23.2.7.3.2 Over 8 to 25 Miles $222.65 $17.32 15 15
9.23.2.7.3.3 Over 25 to 50 Miles $204.76 $21.47 15 15
9.23.2.7.3.4 Over 50 Miles $216.42 $14.86 15 15
9.23.2.8 EEL Multiplexing
9.23.2.8.1 DS1 to DS0 $233.80 $214.50 A A
9.23.2.8.2 DS3 to DS1 $248.81 $214.50 A A
9.23.2.9 EEL DS0 Channel Performance
9.23.2.9.1 DS0 Low Side Channelization $12.56 A
9.23.2.9.2 DS1 / DS0 Low Side Channelization $7.16 A
9.24Intentionally Left Blank
9.25Loop Mux Combination (LMC)
9.25.1 Loop Mux, 2-Wire Analog, DS0
9.25.1.1 LMC 2-Wire Loop Installation
9.25.1.1.1 First $191.92 A
9.25.1.1.2 Each Additional $131.89 A
9.25.1.2 2-Wire Analog Loop (see rates in 9.2.1.1)
9.25.1.2.1 Zone 1 $12.14 15
9.25.1.2.2 Zone 2 $28.11 15
9.25.1.2.3 Zone 3 $62.50 15
9.25.2 Loop Mux, 4-Wire Analog, DS0
9.25.2.1 LMC 4-Wire Loop Installation
9.25.2.1.1 First $191.92 A
9.25.2.1.2 Each Additional $131.89 A
9.25.2.2 4-Wire Analog Loop (see rates in 9.2.1.3)
9.25.2.2.1 Zone 1 $23.83 15
9.25.2.2.2 Zone 2 $55.16 15
9.25.2.2.3 Zone 3 $122.63 15
9.25.3 Loop Mux, DS1
9.25.3.1 LMC DS1 Loop Installation
9.25.3.1.1 First $252.03 A
9.25.3.1.2 Each Additional $192.68 A
9.25.3.2 DS1 Capable Loop (see rates in 9.2.3.3)
9.25.3.2.1 Zone 1 $74.88 15
9.25.3.2.2 Zone 2 $78.63 15
9.25.3.2.3 Zone 3 $89.57 15
9.25.4 Private Line / Special Access to LMC Conversion (as is) $30.87 A
9.25.5 DS0 Channel Performance
9.25.5.1 Intentionally Left Blank
9.25.5.2 DS1 / DS0 Low Side Channelization $7.16 A
9.25.6 LMC Rearrangement
9.25.6.1 DS0 $136.86 1
9.25.6.2 High Capacity $155.34 1
10.0Ancillary Services
10.1Local Number Portability
10.1.1 LNP Queries See FCC See FCC
Tariff #1 Tariff #1
Sections 13 & Sections 13
20 & 20
10.1.2 LNP Managed Cuts
10.1.2.1 Standard Managed Cuts, per Person, per Half Hour $27.38 1
10.1.2.2 Overtime Managed Cuts, per Person, per Half Hour $35.43 1
10.1.2.3 Premium Managed Cuts, per Person, per Half Hour $43.49 1
10.2911 / E911
10.2.1 911 / E911 - Calling No Charge No Charge
10.3White Pages Directory Listings, Facility Based Providers
10.3.1 Primary Listing No Charge No Charge
10.3.2 Premium / Privacy Listings General General
Exchange Exchange
Tariff Rate, Tariff Rate,
Less Less
Wholesale Wholesale
Discount Discount
10.4Directory Assistance, Facility Based Providers
10.4.1 Local Directory Assistance, per Call $0.34 2
10.4.2 National Directory Assistance, per Call $0.34 2
10.4.3 Intentionally Left Blank
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 11 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
10.4.4 Intentionally Left Blank
10.4.5 Call Completion, per Call $0.04 2
10.5Directory Assistance List Information
10.5.1 Initial Database Load, per Listing $0.25 2
10.5.2 Reload of Database, per Listing $0.02 2
10.5.3 Daily Updates, per Listing $0.05 2
10.5.4 One-Time Set-Up Fee $81.42 2
10.5.5 Media Charges for File Delivery
10.5.5.1 Electronic Transmission $0.0020 2
10.6Toll and Assistance Operator Services, Facility Based Providers
10.6.1 Operator Assistance, per Call $0.50 2
10.6.2 Busy Line Verify, per Call $1.95 2
10.6.3 Busy Line Interrupt $2.05 2
10.6.4 Call Branding, Set-Up & Recording $10,500.00 2
10.6.5 Loading Brand, per Switch $175.00 2
10.7Access to Poles, Ducts, Conduits and Rights of Way (ROW)
10.7.1 Pole Inquiry Fee, per Mile $304.67 A
10.7.2 Innerduct Inquiry Fee, per Mile $366.22 A
10.7.3 ROW Inquiry Fee $135.35 A
10.7.4 ROW Document Preparation Fee $135.35 A
10.7.5 Field Verification Fee, per Pole $33.84 A
10.7.6 Field Verification Fee, per Manhole $439.88 A
10.7.7 Planner Verification, per Manhole $15.09 A
10.7.8 Manhole Verification Inspector, per Manhole $270.70 A
10.7.9 Manhole Make-Ready Inspector, per Manhole $406.04 A
10.7.10 Transfer of Responsibility $126.93 1
10.7.11 Pole Attachment Fee, per Foot, per Year
10.7.11.1 Urban $1.77 4
10.7.11.2 Non-Urban $2.66 4
10.7.12 Innerduct
10.7.12.1 Microduct Occupancy Fee, per Mircoduct, per Foot, per Year $0.1865 1
10.7.12.2 Innerduct Occupancy Fee, per Foot, per Year $0.2037 4
10.7.13 Access Agreement Consideration $10.00 2
10.7.14 Make Ready ICB 3
12.0Operational Support Systems
12.1Development and Enhancements, per Order No charge at 5
this time
12.2Ongoing Operations, per Order No charge at 5
this time
12.3Daily Usage Record File, per Record $0.0008290 A
12.4Trouble Isolation Charge See 9.20
17.0Bona Fide Request Process
17.1Processing Fee $2,273.80 A
NOTES:
* Unless otherwise indicated, all rates are pursuant Nebraska Public Service Commission Dockets listed below:
A Cost Docket C-2516 / PI-49 Effective 6/7/02
# Voluntary Rate Reduction Docket C-2516/ PI-49, C-266, C-2750, effective 6/7/02. Reductions reflected in the 6/2/02 Exhibit A. All carriers will receive the
voluntarily reduced rates unless they explicitly request the higher Ordered rates.
## Second Voluntary Rate Reduction Docket C-2516/ PI-49, C-266, C-2750, effective 6/7/02. Reductions reflected in the 8/5/02 Exhibit A. Rates voluntarily
deaveraged to be consistent with the deaveraged loop rate. Deaveraging approach subject to review in the next phase of the cost docket. State wide average rate
of $1.56 was ordered by the Commission in C-2516.
### Third Voluntary Rate Reduction Docket C-2516/ PI-49, C-266, C-2750, effective 12/18/02. Reductions reflected in the 10/16/02 Exhibit A.
1 Rates not addressed in Cost Docket (estimated TELRIC)
2 Market Based Rates
3 Individual Case Basis- ICB
4 Rates based on FCC guidelines.
5 Qwest will not charge for this element until the Commission has an opportunity to review and approve a rate in a cost proceeding.
6 Qwest has agreed to a bill and keep arrangement for EICT, pursuant to 271 workshops.
7 The preliminary engineering and planning costs are included in the virtual, caged and cageless space construction charges. These engineering and planning
charges are also included in the virtual, caged and cageless quote preparation fees. Upon completion of the collocation construction, these quote preparation fees
will be credited to the final space construction charge for the collocation job.
8 Intentionally Left Blank
9 Effective 8/1/03, Qwest will not charge the Channel Regeneration charges of: DS1 RC $2.07, NRC $452.11 and DS3 RC $6.30, NRC $1709.67 approved in
Docket C-2516. Contract amendments to remove the charges are not required. Qwest reserves the right to the contractual rate only after appropriate notice is
given. Future regulatory rulings and/or events may be subject to the conditions described under "Change in Law Provisions" of the SGAT (Section 2.2) or the
applicable interconnection agreement.
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 12 of 13

Exhibit A
Nebraska
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Recurring Recurring Non-
Per Mile Recurring
REC Mile REC
per
NRC
10 Eff. 11/04,Qwest (Q) will no longer perform Bridge Tap and/or Load Coil Removal to facilitate provisioning of its Retail DSL offering.To permit CLECs to provision
xDSL Capable Loops,Q is now re-instituting the charge to continue Conditioning for the 2/4-Wire UBL,ADSL Compatible UBL,ISDN (BRI) Capable UBL, xDSL-I
Capable UBL, Non-Commercial Line Sharing, Line Splitting,Non-Commercial SDL & Loop Splitting, eff. 3/14/05.Q can t bill the RC rate structure,but will bill the
lower of the two rates.
11 Qwest has not implemented the NID recurring charge of $1.08 approved in Docket No. C-2516 but reserves the right to assess such a charge in the future.
12 Market-based prices, All charges and increments shall be the same as the comparable charges and increments provided in Qwest FCC, Retail Tariffs, Catalogs, or
Price Lists.
13 The provision of transiting services is not required pursuant to Section 251 of the Telecommunications Act. Qwest has chosen to offer this service as part of its
interconnection agreement, but this service is not required to be priced according to a TELRIC methodology.
14 Rate was ordered for a similar element and is being used because the cost for this element are the same.
15 Rate was prevoulsy ordered for this element in a different section of Exhibit A.
@ (Qwest) Element Added or Rate Changed per Amendment
CDS-100402-0002
Effective 7/30/09 (COMA) Page 13 of 13

Service Performance Indicator Definitions (PID)
14-State 271 PID Version 9.0

QWEST’S SERVICE PERFORMANCE INDICATOR DEFINITIONS (PID)
14-State 271 PID Version 9.0
Introduction
Qwest will report performance results for the service performance indicators defined herein. Qwest will report
separate performance results associated with the services it provides to Competitive Local Exchange Carriers
(CLECs) in aggregate (except as noted herein), to CLECs individually and, as applicable, to Qwest's retail
customers in aggregate. Within these categories, performance results related to service provisioning and
repair will be reported for the products listed in each definition. Reports for CLECs individually will be subject
to agreements of confidentiality and/or nondisclosure.
The definitions in this version of the PID apply in the 14 states of Qwest’s local service region: Arizona,
Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota,
Utah, Washington and Wyoming. Individual state Performance Assurance Plans may specify and apply state
specific variations from the Performance Measure definitions and/or standards contained herein.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page i

Qwest's Service Performance Indicator Definitions
Table of Contents
ELECTRONIC GATEWAY AVAILABILITY...........................................................................1
GA-1 – Gateway Availability – IMA-GUI..............................................................................1
GA-2 – Gateway Availability – IMA-EDI..............................................................................2
GA-3 – Gateway Availability – EB-TA.................................................................................3
GA-4 – System Availability – EXACT..................................................................................4
GA-6 – Gateway Availability – GUI -- Repair.......................................................................5
GA-7 – Timely Outage Resolution following Software Releases.........................................6
PRE-ORDER/ORDER............................................................................................................7
PO-1 – Pre-Order/Order Response Times..........................................................................7
PO-2 – Electronic Flow-through........................................................................................10
PO-3 – LSR Rejection Notice Interval...............................................................................12
PO-4 – LSRs Rejected......................................................................................................13
PO-5 – Firm Order Confirmations (FOCs) On Time..........................................................14
PO-6 – Work Completion Notification Timeliness..............................................................17
PO-7 – Billing Completion Notification Timeliness ............................................................18
PO-8 – Jeopardy Notice Interval.......................................................................................20
PO-9 – Timely Jeopardy Notices.......................................................................................21
PO-15 – Number of Due Date Changes per Order ...........................................................22
PO-16 – Timely Release Notifications...........................................................................23
PO-19 – Stand-Alone Test Environment (SATE) Accuracy...............................................25
PO-20 (Expanded) – Manual Service Order Accuracy......................................................28
ORDERING AND PROVISIONING......................................................................................34
OP-2 – Calls Answered within Twenty Seconds – Interconnect Provisioning Center........34
OP-3 – Installation Commitments Met...............................................................................35
OP-4 – Installation Interval................................................................................................38
OP-5 – New Service Quality..............................................................................................41
OP-6 – Delayed Days........................................................................................................46
OP-7 – Coordinated “Hot Cut” Interval – Unbundled Loop................................................49
OP-8 – Number Portability Timeliness..............................................................................50
OP-13 – Coordinated Cuts On Time – Unbundled Loop...................................................51
OP-15 – Interval for Pending Orders Delayed Past Due Date...........................................53
OP-17 – Timeliness of Disconnects associated with LNP Orders.....................................56
MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR ...........................................................................................58
MR-2 – Calls Answered within 20 Seconds – Interconnect Repair Center........................58
MR-3 – Out of Service Cleared within 24 Hours................................................................59
MR-4 – All Troubles Cleared within 48 hours....................................................................61
MR-5 – All Troubles Cleared within 4 hours......................................................................63
MR-6 – Mean Time to Restore..........................................................................................65
MR-7 – Repair Repeat Report Rate..................................................................................68
MR-8 – Trouble Rate.........................................................................................................71
MR-9 – Repair Appointments Met.....................................................................................74
MR-10 – Customer and Non-Qwest Related Trouble Reports..........................................75
MR-11 – LNP Trouble Reports Cleared within Specified Timeframes ..............................77
BILLING...............................................................................................................................79
BI-1 – Time to Provide Recorded Usage Records ............................................................79
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page ii

Table of Contents (continued)
BI-2 – Invoices Delivered within 10 Days..........................................................................80
BI-3 – Billing Accuracy – Adjustments for Errors...............................................................81
BI-4 – Billing Completeness..............................................................................................82
DATABASE UPDATES.......................................................................................................83
DB-1 – Time to Update Databases....................................................................................83
DB-2 – Accurate Database Updates.................................................................................85
DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE................................................................................................86
DA-1 – Speed of Answer – Directory Assistance..............................................................86
OPERATOR SERVICES......................................................................................................87
OS-1 – Speed of Answer – Operator Services..................................................................87
NETWORK PERFORMANCE..............................................................................................88
NI-1 – Trunk Blocking........................................................................................................88
NP-1 – NXX Code Activation.............................................................................................90
COLLOCATION...................................................................................................................92
CP-1 – Collocation Completion Interval.............................................................................92
CP-2 – Collocations Completed within Scheduled Intervals..............................................95
CP-3 – Collocation Feasibility Study Interval.....................................................................98
CP-4 – Collocation Feasibility Study Commitments Met...................................................99
DEFINITION OF TERMS...................................................................................................100
GLOSSARY OF ACRONYMS...........................................................................................104
APPENDIX A.....................................................................................................................106
Feature Detail..................................................................................................................106
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page iii

Electronic Gateway Availability
GA-1 – Gateway Availability – IMA-GUI
Purpose:
Evaluates the quality of CLEC access to the IMA-GUI electronic gateway and one associated system,
focusing on the extent they are actually available to CLECs.
Description:
GA-1A: Measures the availability of the IMA-GUI (Interconnect Mediated Access- Graphical User
Interface), and reports the percentage of Scheduled Availability Time the IMA-GUI interface is
available for view and/or input.
 Scheduled Up Time hours for preorder, order, and provisioning transactions are based on the
currently published hours of availability found on the following website:
http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/cmp/ossHours.html.
GA-1D: Measures the availability of the SIA system, which facilitates access for the IMA-GUI interface
and the IMA-EDI interface (see GA-2), and reports the percentage of scheduled time the SIA
system is available. Scheduled availability times will be no less than the same hours as listed for
IMA-GUI and IMA-EDI.
 Time Gateway is Available to CLECs is equal to Scheduled Availability Time minus Outage Time.
 Scheduled Availability Time is equal to Scheduled Up Time minus Scheduled Down Time.
 Scheduled Down Time is time identified and communicated that the interface is not available due to
maintenance and/or upgrade work. Notification of Scheduled Down Time for routine maintenance
and/or upgrade work will be provided no less than 48 hours in advance.
 An outage is a critical or serious loss of functionality, attributable to the specified gateway or
component (i.e., IMA-GUI, SIA), affecting Qwest’s ability to serve its customers. An outage is
determined by Qwest technicians through the use of verifiable data, collected from the affected
customer(s) and/or from mechanized event management systems.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level.
results Results will be reported as follows:
GA-1A IMA Graphical User Interface Gateway
GA-1D SIA system
Formula:
([Number of Hours and Minutes Gateway is Available to CLECs During Reporting Period]  [Number of
Hours and Minutes of Scheduled Availability Time During Reporting Period]) x 100
Exclusions: None
Product Reporting: None Standard: 99.25 percent
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 1

GA-2 – Gateway Availability – IMA-EDI
Purpose:
Evaluates the quality of CLEC access to the IMA-EDI electronic gateway, focusing on the extent the
gateway is actually available to CLECs.
Description:
Measures the availability of IMA-EDI (Interconnect Mediated Access - Electronic Data Interchange)
interface and reports the percentage of scheduled availability time the IMA-EDI Interface is available
for view and/or input. All times during which the interface is scheduled to be operating during the
reporting period are measured.
 Scheduled Up Time hours for IMA-EDI based on the currently published hours of availability found
on the following website: http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/cmp/ossHours.html. Time Gateway is
Available to CLECs is equal to Scheduled Availability Time minus Outage Time.
 Scheduled Availability Time is equal to Scheduled Up Time minus Scheduled Down Time.
 Scheduled Down Time is time identified and communicated that the interface is not available due
to maintenance and/or upgrade work. Notification of Scheduled Down Time for routine
maintenance and/or upgrade work will be provided no less than 48 hours in advance.
 An outage is a critical or serious loss of functionality, attributable to the specified gateway or
component (i.e., IMA-EDI), affecting Qwest’s ability to serve its customers. An outage is
determined by Qwest technicians through the use of verifiable data, collected from the affected
customer(s) and/or from mechanized event management systems.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level.
aggregate results (See GA-1D for reporting of SIA system availability.)
Formula:
([Number of Hours and Minutes Gateway is Available to CLECs During Reporting Period]  [Number
of Hours and Minutes of Scheduled Availability Time During Reporting Period] ) x 100
Exclusions: None
Product Reporting: None Standard: 99.25 percent
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 2

GA-3 – Gateway Availability – EB-TA
Purpose:
Evaluates the quality of CLEC access to the EB-TA interface, focusing on the extent the gateway is
actually available to CLECs.
Description:
Measures the availability of EB-TA (Electronic Bonding – Trouble Administration) interface and reports
the percentage of scheduled availability time the EB-TA Interface is available.
 Scheduled Up Time hours are based on the currently published hours of availability found on the
following website: http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/cmp/ossHours.html.
 Time Gateway is Available to CLECs is equal to Scheduled Availability Time minus Outage Time.
 Scheduled Availability Time is equal to Scheduled Up Time minus Scheduled Down Time.
 Scheduled Down Time is time identified and communicated that the interface is not available due
to maintenance and/or upgrade work. Notification of Scheduled Down Time for routine
maintenance and/or upgrade work will be provided no less than 48 hours in advance.
 An outage is a critical or serious loss of functionality, attributable to the specified gateway or
component (i.e., EB-TA), affecting Qwest’s ability to serve its customers. An outage is determined
by Qwest technicians through the use of verifiable data, collected from the affected customer(s)
and/or from mechanized event management systems.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate results Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level.
Formula:
([Number of Hours and Minutes Gateway is Available to CLECs During Reporting Period]  [Number
of Hours and Minutes of Scheduled Availability During Reporting Period]) x 100
Exclusions: None
Product Reporting: None Standard: 99.25 percent
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 3

GA-4 – System Availability – EXACT
Purpose:
Evaluates the quality of CLEC batch access to the EXACT electronic access service request system,
focusing on the extent the system is actually available to CLECs.
Description:
Measures the availability of EXACT system and reports the percentage of scheduled availability time
the EXACT system is available.
 Scheduled Up Time hours are based on the currently published hours of availability found on the
following website: http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/cmp/ossHours.html.
 Time System is Available to CLECs is equal to Scheduled Availability Time minus Outage Time.
 Scheduled Availability Time is equal to Scheduled Up Time minus Scheduled Down Time.
 Scheduled Down Time is time identified and communicated that the system is not available due to
maintenance and/or upgrade work. Notification of Scheduled Down Time for routine maintenance
and/or upgrade work will be provided no less than 48 hours in advance.
 An outage is a critical or serious loss of functionality, attributable to the specified gateway or
component (i.e., EXACT), affecting Qwest’s ability to serve its customers. An outage is
determined by Qwest technicians through the use of verifiable data, collected from the affected
customer(s) and/or from mechanized event management systems.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate results Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level.
Formula:
([Number of Hours and Minutes EXACT is Available to CLECs During Reporting Period]  [Number of
Hours and Minutes of Scheduled Availability During Reporting Period]) x 100
Exclusions: None
Product Reporting: None Standard: 99.25 percent
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 4

GA-6 – Gateway Availability – GUI – Repair
Purpose:
Evaluates the quality of CLEC access to the GUI Repair electronic gateway, focusing on the extent the
gateway is actually available to CLECs.
Description:
Measures the availability of the GUI (Graphical User Interface) repair electronic interface and reports
the percentage of scheduled availability time the interface is available for view and/or input. All times
during which the interface is scheduled to be operating during the reporting period are measured.
 Scheduled Up Time” hours are based on the currently published hours of availability found on the
following website: http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/cmp/ossHours.html.
 Time Gateway is Available to CLECs is equal to Scheduled Availability Time minus Outage Time.
 Scheduled Availability Time is equal to Scheduled Up Time minus Scheduled Down Time.
 Scheduled Down Time is time identified and communicated that the interface is not available due
to maintenance and/or upgrade work. Notification of Scheduled Down Time for routine
maintenance and/or upgrade work will be provided no less than 48 hours in advance.
 An outage is a critical or serious loss of functionality, attributable to the specified gateway or
component (i.e., GUI-Repair), affecting Qwest’s ability to serve its customers. An outage is
determined by Qwest technicians through the use of verifiable data, collected from the affected
customer(s) and/or from mechanized event management systems.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level.
aggregate results
Formula:
[Number of Hours and Minutes Gateway is Available to CLECs During Reporting Period  Number of
Hours and Minutes of Scheduled Availability Time During Reporting Period] x 100
Exclusions: None
Product Reporting: None Standard: 99.25 percent
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 5

GA-7 – Timely Outage Resolution following Software Releases
Purpose:
Measures the timeliness of resolution of gateway or system outages attributable to software releases for
specified OSS interfaces, focusing on CLEC-affecting software releases involving the specified gateways
or systems.
Description:
 Measures the percentage of gateway or system outages, which are attributable to OSS system
software releases and which occur within two weeks after the implementation of the OSS system
software releases, that are resolved NOTE 1 within 48 hours of detection by the Qwest monitoring group
or reporting by a CLEC/co-provider.
 Includes software releases associated with the following OSS interfaces in Qwest: IMA-GUI, IMA-
EDI, and CEMR, Exchange Access, Control, & Tracking (EXACT)NOTE 2, Electronic Bonding– Trouble
Administration (EB -TA) NOTE 3
 An outage for this measurement is a critical or serious loss of functionality, attributable to the
specified gateway or component, affecting Qwest’s ability to serve its customers or data loss NOTE 4 on
the Qwest side of the interface. An outage is determined by Qwest technicians through the use of
verifiable data, collected from the affected customer(s) and/or from mechanized event management
systems.
 The outage resolution time interval considered in this measurement starts at the time Qwest’s
monitoring group detects a failure, or at the date/time of the first transaction sent to Qwest that cannot
be processed (i.e. lost data), and ends with the time functionality is restored or the lost data is
recovered.
Reporting Period: Monthly Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Aggregate Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level.
Formula:
[(Total outages detected within two weeks of a Software Release that are resolved within 48 hours of the
time Qwest detects the outage) ÷ (Total number of outages detected within two weeks of Software
Releases resolved in the Reporting Period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Outages in releases prior to any CLEC migrating to the release.
 Duplicate reports attributable to the same software defect.
Product Reporting: None Standards:
Volume = 1-20: 1 miss
Volume > 20: 95%
Availability: Notes:
1. “Resolved” means that service is restored to the reporting CLEC, as
Available experienced by the CLEC.
2. EXACT is a Telecordia system. Only releases for changes initiated by
Qwest for hardware or connectivity will be included in this measurement.
3. Outages reported under EB-TA are the same as outages in MEDIACC.
4. For data loss to be considered for GA-7, a functional acknowledgement
must have been provided for the data in question (e.g., EDI 997, LSR ID
or trouble ticket number).
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 6

Pre-Order/Order
PO-1 – Pre-Order/Order Response Times
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness of responses to specific preordering/ordering queries for CLECs through the use of
Qwest’s Operational Support Systems (OSS). Qwest’s OSS are accessed through the specified gateway
interface.
Description:
PO-1A & PO-1B:
Measures the time interval between query and response for specified pre-order/order transactions through the
electronic interface.
 Measurements are made using a system that simulates the transactions of requesting pre-
ordering/ordering information from the underlying existing OSS. These simulated transactions are made
through the operational production interfaces and existing systems in a manner that reflects, in a
statistically-valid manner, the transaction response times experienced by CLEC service representatives in
the reporting period.
 The time interval between query and response consists of the period from the time the transaction request
was "sent" to the time it is "received" via the gateway interface.
 A query is an individual request for the specified type of information.
PO-1C:
 Measures the percentage of all IRTM Queries measured by PO-1A & 1B transmitted in the reporting
period that timeout before receiving a response.
PO-1D:
 Measures the average response time for a sampling of rejected queries across preorder transaction types.
The response time measured is the time between the issuance of a pre-ordering transaction and the
receipt of an error message associated with a “rejected query.” A rejected query is a transaction that
cannot be successfully processed due to the provision of incomplete or invalid information by the sender,
which results in an error message back to the sender. NOTE 1
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure:
PO-1A, PO-1B, & PO-1D: Seconds
PO-1C: Percent
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 7

PO-1 – Pre-Order/Order Response Times (continued)
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level. Results are reported as follows:
Comparisons: PO-1A Pre-Order/Order Response Time for IMA-GUI
CLEC aggregate. PO-1B Pre-Order/Order Response Time for IMA-EDI
Results are reported separately for each of the following transaction types: NOTE 2
1. Appointment Scheduling (Due Date Reservation, where appointment is required)
2. Service Availability Information
3. Facility Availability
4. Street Address Validation
5. Customer Service Records
6. Telephone Number
7. Loop Qualification Tools NOTE 3
8. Left intentionally blank to preserve numbering
9. Connecting Facility Assignment NOTE 4
10. Meet Point Inquiry NOTE 5
For PO-1A (transactions via IMA-GUI), in addition to reporting total response time,
response times for each of the above transactions will be reported in two parts: (a) time
to access the request screen, and (b) time to receive the response for the specified
transaction. For PO-1A 6, Telephone Number, a third part (c) accept screen, will be
reported.
For PO-1B (transactions via IMA-EDI), request/response will be reported as a combined
number.
PO-1C Results for PO-1C will be reported according to the gateway interface used:
1. Percent of Preorder Transactions that Timeout IMA-GUI
2. Percent of Preorder Transactions that Timeout IMA-EDI
PO-1D Results for PO-1D will be reported according to the gateway interface used:
1. Rejected Response Times for IMA-GUI
2. Rejected Response Times for IMA-EDI
Formula:
PO-1A & PO-1B = [(Query Response Date & Time) – (Query Submission Date & Time)]  (Number of
Queries Submitted in Reporting Period)
PO-1C = [(Number of IRTM Queries measured by PO-1A & 1B that Timeout before receiving
response)  (Number of IRTM Queries Transmitted in Reporting Period)] x 100
PO-1D = [(Rejected Query Response Date & Time) – (Query Submission Date & Time)] 
(Number of Rejected Query Transactions Simulated by IRTM)
Exclusions:
PO-1A & PO-1B:
 Rejected requests/errors, and timed out transactions
PO-1C:
 Rejected requests and errors
PO-1D:
 Timed out transactions
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 8

PO-1 – Pre-Order/Order Response Times (continued)
Product Reporting: None Standards: IMA-GUI IMA-EDI
Total Response Time:
1. Appointment Scheduling <10 seconds <10 seconds
2. Service Availability <25 seconds <25 seconds
Information
3. Facility Availability <25 seconds6 <25 seconds6
4. Street Address Validation <10 seconds <10 seconds
5. Customer Service Records <12.5 seconds6 <12.5 seconds6
6. Telephone Number <10 seconds <10 seconds
7. Loop Qualification Tools  20 seconds7  20 seconds
NOTE 3
8. Left intentionally blank to
preserve numbering
9. Connecting Facility  25 seconds  25 seconds
Assignment
10. Meet Point Inquiry  30 seconds  30 seconds
PO-1C-1 0.5%
PO-1C-2 0.5%
PO-1D-1 & 2 Diagnostic
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Rejected query types used in PO-1D are those developed for internal
Qwest diagnostic purposes.
2. As additional transactions, currently done manually, are mechanized,
they will be measured and added to or included in the above list of
transactions, as applicable.
3. Results based on a weighted combination of ADSL Loop Qualification
and Raw Loop Data Tool.
4. Results based on Connecting Facility Assignment by Unit Query.
5. Results based on meet Point Query, POTS Splitter option for Shared
loops.
6. Times reflect non-complex services, including residential, simple
business, or POTS account. Does not include ADSL or accounts>25
lines.
7. Benchmark applies to response time only. Request time and Total
time will also be reported.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 9

PO-2 – Electronic Flow-through
Purpose:
Monitors the extent Qwest's processing of CLEC Local Service Requests (LSRs) is completely
electronic, focusing on the degree that electronically-transmitted LSRs flow directly to the service
order processor without human intervention or without manual retyping.
Description:
PO-2A - Measures the percentage of all electronic LSRs that flow from the specified electronic
gateway interface to the Service Order Processor (SOP) without any human intervention.
 Includes all LSRs that are submitted electronically through the specified interface during the
reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
PO-2B – Measures the percentage of all flow-through-eligible LSRs NOTE 1 that flow from the specified
electronic gateway interface to the SOP without any human intervention.
 Includes all flow-through-eligible LSRs that are submitted electronically through the specified
interface during the reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level (per multi-
aggregate, individual CLEC state system serving the state).
Results for PO-2A and PO-2B will be reported
according to the gateway interface* used to submit the
LSR:
1 LSRs received via IMA-GUI
2 LSRs received via IMA-EDI
*CO also reports an aggregate of IMA-GUI and IMA-EDI
results.
Formula:
PO-2A = [(Number of Electronic LSRs that pass from the Gateway Interface to the SOP without
human intervention)  (Total Number of Electronic LSRs that pass through the Gateway
Interface)] x 100
PO-2B = [(Number of flow-through-eligible Electronic LSRs that actually pass from the Gateway
Interface to the SOP without human intervention)  (Number of flow-through-eligible
Electronic LSRs received through the Gateway Interface)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Rejected LSRs and LSRs containing CLEC-caused non-fatal errors.
 Non-electronic LSRs (e.g., via fax or courier).
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
 Duplicate LSR numbers. (Exclusion to be eliminated upon implementation of IMA capability to
disallow duplicate LSR #’s.)
 Invalid start/stop dates/times.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 10

PO-2 – Electronic Flow-through (continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
 Resale PO-2A:
 Unbundled Loops (with or Diagnostic
without Local Number
Portability) PO-2B:
 Local Number Portability
 UNE-P (POTS) and UNE-P Resale: 95%
(Centrex 21) Unbundled Loops: 85%
 Line Sharing LNP: 95%
UNE-P (POTS & Centrex 21): 95%
Line Sharing: Diagnostic NOTE 2
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. The list of LSR types classified as eligible for flow through is contained in
the “LSRs Eligible for Flow Through” matrix. This matrix also includes
availability for enhancements to flow through. Matrix will be distributed
through the CMP process.
2. The standard and future disaggregated reporting of the Line Sharing
product is TBD, pending resolution of TRO issues.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 11

PO-3 – LSR Rejection Notice Interval
Purpose:
Monitors the timeliness with which Qwest notifies CLECs that electronic and manual LSRs were
rejected.
Description:
Measures the interval between the receipt of a Local Service Request (LSR) and the rejection of the
LSR for standard categories of errors/reasons.
 Includes all LSRs submitted through the specified interface that are rejected during the reporting
period.
 Standard reasons for rejections are: missing/incomplete/mismatching/unintelligible information,
duplicate request or LSR/PON (purchase order number), no separate LSR for each account
telephone number affected, no valid contract, no valid end user verification, account not working in
Qwest territory, service-affecting order pending, request is outside established parameters for
service, and lack of CLEC response to Qwest question for clarification about the LSR.
 Included in the interval is time required for efforts by Qwest to work with the CLEC to avoid the
necessity of rejecting the LSR.
 With hours: minutes reporting, hours counted are (1) business hours for manual rejects (involving
human intervention) and (2) published Gateway Availability hours for auto-rejects (involving no
human intervention). Business hours are defined as time during normal business hours of the
Wholesale Delivery Service Centers, except for PO-3C in which hours counted are workweek
clock hours. Gateway Availability hours are based on the currently published hours of availability
found on the following website: http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/cmp/ossHours.html.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure:
PO-3A-1, PO-3B-1 & PO-3C - Hrs: Mins.
PO-3A-2 & PO-3B-2 – Mins: Secs.
Reporting Comparisons: Disaggregation Reporting:
CLEC aggregate and Results for this indicator are reported according to the gateway interface
individual CLEC results used to submit the LSR:
 PO-3A-1, LSRs received via IMA-GUI and rejected manually:
Statewide
 PO-3A –2, LSRs received via IMA-GUI and auto-rejected: Region
wide
 PO-3B-1, LSRs received via IMA-EDI and rejected manually:
Statewide
 PO-3B –2, LSRs received via IMA-EDI and auto-rejected: Region
wide
 PO-3C, LSRs received via facsimile: Statewide
Formula:
 [(Date and time of Rejection Notice transmittal) – (Date and time of LSR receipt)]  (Total number of
LSR Rejection Notifications)
Exclusions:
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
 Duplicate LSR numbers. (Exclusion to be eliminated upon implementation of IMA capability to
disallow duplicate LSR #’s.)
 Invalid start/stop dates/times.
Product Reporting: Not applicable (reported by Standards:
ordering interface).  PO-3A-1 and -3B-1:  12 business hours
 PO-3A -2 and -3B -2:  18 seconds
 PO-3C:  24 work week clock
hours
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 12

PO-4 – LSRs Rejected
Purpose:
Monitors the extent LSRs are rejected as a percentage of all LSRs to provide information to help
address potential issues that might be raised by the indicator of LSR rejection notice intervals.
Description:
Measures the percentage of LSRs rejected (returned to the CLEC) for standard categories of
errors/reasons.
 Includes all LSRs submitted through the specified interface that are rejected or FOC’d during the
reporting period.
 Standard reasons for rejections are: missing/incomplete/mismatching/unintelligible information;
duplicate request or LSR/PON (purchase order number); no separate LSR for each account
telephone number affected; no valid contract; no valid end user verification; account not working in
Qwest territory; service-affecting order pending; request is outside established parameters for
service; and lack of CLEC response to Qwest question for clarification about the LSR.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent of LSRs
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate and Disaggregation Reporting:
individual CLEC results Results for this indicator are reported according to
the gateway interface used to submit the LSR:
PO-4A-1 LSRs received via IMA-GUI and
rejected manually – Region wide
PO-4A -2 LSRs received via IMA-GUI and
auto-rejected – Region wide
PO-4B-1 LSRs received via IMA-EDI and
rejected manually – Region wide
PO-4B -2 LSRs received via IMA-EDI and
auto-rejected – Region wide
PO-4C LSRs received via facsimile –
Statewide
Formula:
[(Total number of LSRs rejected via the specified method in the reporting period)  (Total of all LSRs
that are received via the specified interface that were rejected or FOC’d in the reporting period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
 Duplicate LSR numbers. (Exclusion to be eliminated upon implementation of IMA capability to
disallow duplicate LSR #’s.)
 Invalid start/stop dates/times.
Product Reporting: Not applicable (reported by Standard: Diagnostic
ordering interface).
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 13

PO-5 – Firm Order Confirmations (FOCs) On Time
Purpose:
Monitors the timeliness with which Qwest returns Firm Order Confirmations (FOCs) to CLECs in
response to LSRs/ASRs received from CLECs, focusing on the degree to which FOCs are provided
within specified intervals.
Description:
Measures the percentage of Firm Order Confirmations (FOCs) that are provided to CLECs within the
intervals specified under “Standards” below for FOC notifications.
 Includes all LSRs/ASRs that are submitted through the specified interface or in the specified
manner (i.e., facsimile) that receive an FOC during the reporting period, subject to exclusions
specified below. (Acknowledgments sent separately from an FOC (e.g., EDI 997 transactions are
not included.)
 For PO-5A, the interval measured is the period between the LSR received date/time (based on
scheduled up time) and Qwest’s response with a FOC notification (notification date and time).
 For PO-5B, 5C, and 5D, the interval measured is the period between the application date and time,
as defined herein, and Qwest’s response with a FOC notification (notification date and time).
 “Fully electronic” LSRs are those (1) that are received via IMA-GUI or IMA-EDI, (2) that involve no
manual intervention, and (3) for which FOCs are provided mechanically to the CLEC. NOTE 2
 “Electronic/manual” LSRs are received electronically via IMA-GUI or IMA-EDI and involve manual
processing.
 “Manual” LSRs are received manually (via facsimile) and processed manually.
 ASRs are measured only in business days.
 LSRs will be evaluated according to the FOC interval categories shown in the “Standards” section
below, based on the number of lines/services requested on the LSR or, where multiple LSRs from
the same CLEC are related, based on the combined number of lines/services requested on the
related LSRs.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level (per multi-state system
Comparisons: CLEC serving the state).
aggregate and individual Results for this indicator are reported as follows:
CLEC results  PO-5A:* FOCs provided for fully electronic LSRs received via:
 PO-5A-1 IMA-GUI
 PO-5A-2 IMA-EDI
 PO-5B:* FOCs provided for electronic/manual LSRs received via:
 PO-5B-1 IMA-GUI
 PO-5B-2 IMA-EDI
 PO-5C:* FOCs provided for manual LSRs received via Facsimile.
 PO-5D: FOCs provided for ASRs requesting LIS Trunks.
* Each of the PO-5A, PO-5B and PO-5C measurements listed above
will be further disaggregated as follows:
 (a) FOCs provided for Resale services and UNE-P
 (b) FOCs provided for Unbundled Loops and specified
Unbundled Network Elements
 (c) FOCs provided for LNP
Formula:
PO-5A = {[Count of LSRs for which the original FOC’s “(FOC Notification Date & Time) - (LSR received
date/time (based on scheduled up time))” is within 20 minutes]  (Total Number of original
FOC Notifications transmitted for the service category in the reporting period)} x 100
PO-5B, 5C, & 5D = {[Count of LSRs/ASRs for which the original FOC’s “(FOC Notification Date & Time)
- (Application Date & Time)” is within the intervals specified for the service category involved]
 (Total Number of original FOC Notifications transmitted for the service category in the
reporting period)} x 100
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 14

PO-5 – Firm Order Confirmations (FOCs) On Time (continued)
Exclusions:
 LSRs/ASRs involving individual case basis (ICB) handling based on quantities of lines, as specified
in the “Standards” section below, or service/request types, deemed to be projects.
 Hours on Weekends and holidays. (Except for PO-5A which only excludes hours outside the
scheduled up time).
 LSRs with CLEC-requested FOC arrangements different from standard FOC arrangements.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
 Duplicate LSR numbers. (Exclusion to be eliminated upon implementation of IMA capability to
disallow duplicate LSR #’s.)
 Invalid start/stop dates/times.
Additional PO-5D exclusion:
 Records with invalid application or confirmation dates.
Product Reporting: Standards:
 For PO-5A (all): 95% within 20 minutes NOTE 2
 For PO-5A, -5B and  For PO-5B (all): 90% within standard FOC intervals
-5C: (specified below)
(a) Resale services
 For PO-5C (manual): 90% within standard FOC intervals
UNE-P (POTS) specified below PLUS 24 hours NOTE 3
and UNE-P Centrex
 For PO-5D (LIS Trunks): 85% within eight business days
(b) Unbundled Loops
and specified
Standard FOC Intervals for PO-5B and PO-5C
Unbundled Network
Elements. Product Group NOTE 1 FOC Interval
(c) LNP
Resale
Residence and Business POTS 1-39 lines
 For PO-5D: LIS
ISDN-Basic 1-10 lines
Trunks.
 Conversion As Is 24 hours
 Adding/Changing features
 Add primary directory listing to established loop
 Add call appearance
Centrex Non-Design 1-19 lines
with no Common Block Configuration
Centrex line feature changes/adds/removals (all)
LNP 1-24 lines
Unbundled Loops 1-24 loops
2/4 Wire analog
DS3 Capable
Sub-loop 1-24 sub-loops
[included in Product Reporting group (b)]
Line Sharing/Line Splitting/Loop Splitting
1-24 shared loops
[included in Product Reporting group (b)]
Unbundled Network Element–Platform (UNE-P POTS)
1 – 39 lines
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 15

PO-5 – Firm Order Confirmations (FOCs) On Time (continued)
Resale
ISDN-Basic 1-10 lines
 Conversion As Specified
 New Installs 48 hours
 Address Changes
 Change to add Loop
ISDN-PRI (Facility) 1-3
PBX 1-24 trunks
DS0 or Voice Grade Equivalent 1-24
DS1 Facility 1-24
DS3 Facility 1-3
LNP 25-49 lines
Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs)
[included in Product Reporting group (b)]
DS1 1-24 circuits
Resale
Centrex (including Centrex 21, Non-design,
Centrex 21 Basic ISDN, Centrex-Plus,
Centron, Centrex Primes) 1-10 lines
 With Common Block Configuration required
 Initial establishment of Centrex CMS services
 Tie lines or NARs activity
 Subsequent to initial Common Block
 Station lines
72 hours
 Automatic Route Selection
 Uniform Call Distribution
 Additional numbers
UNE-P Centrex 1-10 lines
UNE-P Centrex 21 1-10 lines
Unbundled Loops with Facility Check(NOTE 2, 3) 1 – 24 loops
2/4 wire Non-loaded
ADSL compatible
ISDN capable
XDSL-I capable
DS1 capable
Resale
ISDN-PRI (Trunks) 1-12 trunks 96 hours
For PO-5D: 8 business
LIS Trunks 1-240 trunk circuits days
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. LSRs with quantities above the highest number specified for
each product type are considered ICB.
2. Unbundled Loop with Facility Check can be processed
electronically; however, because this category always carries a
72-hour FOC interval the FOC results for this product will
appear in PO-5B if received electronically or PO-5C if received
manually.
3. Unbundled Loop with Facility Check will not add an additional
24 hours to the 72-hour interval if the LSR is submitted
manually.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 16

PO-6 – Work Completion Notification Timeliness
Purpose:
To evaluate the timeliness of Qwest issuing electronic notification at an LSR level to CLECs that
provisioning work on all service orders that comprise the CLEC LSR have been completed in the
Service Order Processor and the service is available to the customer.
Description:
PO-6A & 6B:
 Includes all orders completed in the Qwest Service Order Processor that generate completion
notifications in the reporting period, subject to exclusions shown below.
 The start time is the date/time when the last of the service orders that comprise the CLEC LSR is
posted as completed in the Service Order Processor.
 The end time is when the electronic order completion notice is made available (IMA-GUI) NOTE 1 or
transmitted (IMA-EDI) to the CLEC via the ordering interface used to place the local service
request. The notification is transmitted at an LSR level when all service orders that comprise the
CLEC LSR are complete.
 With hours: minutes reporting, hours counted are during the published Gateway Availability hours.
Gateway Availability hours are based on the currently published hours of availability found on the
following website: http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/cmp/ossHours.html.
Reporting Period: Unit of Measure:
One month PO-6A - 6B: Hrs:Mins
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
Comparisons: CLEC
aggregate and individual  PO-6A Notices transmitted via IMA-GUI
CLEC results.  PO-6B Notices transmitted via IMA-EDI
Formula:
For completion notifications generated from LSRs received via IMA-GUI:
PO–6A = ((Date and Time Completion Notification made available to CLEC) - (Date and Time the
last of the service orders that comprise the CLEC LSR is completed in the Service Order Processor)) 
(Number of completion notifications made available in reporting period)
For completion notifications generated from LSRs received via IMA-EDI:
PO–6B = ((Date and Time Completion Notification transmitted to CLEC) - (Date and Time the last of
the service orders that comprise the CLEC LSR is completed in the Service Order Processor.)) 
(Number of completion notifications transmitted in reporting period)
Exclusions:
PO – 6A & 6B:
 Records with invalid completion dates.
 LSRs submitted manually (e.g., via facsimile).
 ASRs submitted via EXACT.
Product Reporting: Standard:
PO – 6A & 6B Aggregate reporting for all products ordered through 6 hours
IMA-GUI and, separately, IMA-EDI (see disaggregation reporting).
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. The time a notice is “made available” via the IMA-GUI is the time Qwest stores
a status update related to the completion notice in the IMA Status Updates
database. When this occurs, the notice can be immediately viewed by the
CLEC using the Status Updates window or by using the LSR Notice Inquiry
function.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 17

PO-7 – Billing Completion Notification Timeliness
Purpose:
To evaluate the timeliness with which electronic billing completion notifications are made available or
transmitted to CLECs, focusing on the percentage of notifications that are made available or
transmitted (for CLECs) or posted in the billing system (for Qwest retail) within five business days.
Description:
PO-7A & 7B:
 This measurement includes all orders posted in the CRIS billing system for which billing completion
notices are made available or transmitted in the reporting period, subject to exclusions shown
below.
 Intervals used in this measurement are from the time a service order is completed in the SOP to
the time billing completion for the order is made available or transmitted to the CLEC.
 The time a notice is “made available” via the IMA-GUI consists of the time Qwest stores the
completion notice in the IMA Status Updates database. When this occurs, the notice can be
immediately viewed by the CLEC using the Status Updates window.
 The time a notice is “transmitted” via IMA-EDI consists of the time Qwest actually transmits the
completion notice via IMA-EDI. Applicable only to those CLECs who are certified and setup to
receive the notices via IMA-EDI.
 The start time is when the completion of the service order is posted in the Qwest SOP. The end
time is when, confirming that the order has been posted in the CRIS billing system, the electronic
billing completion notice is made available to the CLEC via the same ordering interface (IMA-GUI
or IMA-EDI) as used to submit the LSR.
 Intervals counted in the numerator of these measurements are those that are five business days or
less.
PO-7C:
 This measurement includes all retail orders posted in the CRIS Billing system in the reporting
period, subject to exclusions shown below.
 Intervals used in this measurement are from the time an order is completed in the SOP to the time
it is posted in the CRIS billing system.
 The start time is when the completion of the order is posted in the SOP. The end time is when the
order is posted in the CRIS billing system.
 Intervals counted in the numerator of this measurement are those that are five business days or
less.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
PO-7A and -7B: CLEC  PO-7A Notices made available via IMA-GUI
aggregate and individual CLEC  PO-7B Notices transmitted via IMA-EDI
results.  PO-7C Billing system posting completions for Qwest Retail
PO-7C: Qwest retail results.
Formula:
For wholesale service orders Qwest generates for LSRs received via IMA:
PO-7A = (Number of electronic billing completion notices in the reporting period made available
within five business days of posting complete in the SOP)  (Total Number of electronic
billing completion notices made available during the reporting period)
PO-7B = (Number of electronic billing completion notices in the reporting period transmitted
within five business days of posting complete in the SOP)  (Total Number of electronic
billing completion notices transmitted during the reporting period)
For service orders Qwest generates for retail customers (i.e., the retail analogue for PO-7A & -7B):
PO-7C = (Total number of retail service orders posted in the CRIS billing system in the reporting
period that were posted within 5 business days)  (Total number of retail service orders
posted in the CRIS billing system in the reporting period)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 18

PO-7 – Billing Completion Notification Timeliness (continued)
Exclusions:
PO-7A, 7B & 7C
 Services that are not billed through CRIS, e.g. Resale Frame Relay.
 Records with invalid completion dates.
PO-7A & 7B
 LSRs submitted manually.
 ASRs submitted via EXACT.
Product Reporting: Standard:
Aggregate reporting for all products ordered through IMA- PO-7A and -7B: Parity with PO-7C
GUI and, separately, IMA-EDI (see disaggregation
reporting).
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 19

PO-8 – Jeopardy Notice Interval
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness of jeopardy notifications, focusing on how far in advance of original due dates
jeopardy notifications are provided to CLECs (regardless of whether the due date was actually
missed).
Description:
Measures the average time lapsed between the date the customer is first notified of an order jeopardy
event and the original due date of the order.
 Includes all orders completed in the reporting period that received jeopardy notifications.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Average Business days NOTE 1
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
aggregate, individual CLEC and Qwest (This measure is reported by jeopardy notification process
Retail results as used for the categories shown under Product
Reporting.)
Formula:
[(Date of the original due date of orders completed in the reporting period that received jeopardy
notification – Date of the first jeopardy notification)  Total orders completed in the reporting period
that received jeopardy notification]
Exclusions:
 Jeopardies done after the original due date is past.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid due dates or application dates.
 Records with invalid completion dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Product Reporting: Standards:
A Non-Designed Services A Parity with Retail POTS
B Unbundled Loops (with or without B Parity with Retail POTS
Number Portability)
C LIS Trunks C Parity with Feature Group D (FGD) services
D UNE-P (POTS) D Parity with Retail POTS
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. For PO-8A and -D, Saturday is counted as a
business day for all non-dispatched orders for
Resale Residence, Resale Business, and UNE-P
(POTS), as well as for the retail analogues
specified above as standards. For dispatched
orders for Resale Residence, Resale Business,
and UNE-P (POTS) and for all other products
reported under PO-8B and -8C, Saturday is
counted as a business day when the service order
is due on Saturday.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 20

PO-9 – Timely Jeopardy Notices
Purpose:
When original due dates are missed, measures the extent to which Qwest notifies customers in
advance of jeopardized due dates.
Description:
Measures the percentage of late orders for which advance jeopardy notification is provided.
 Includes all inward orders (Change, New, and Transfer order types) assigned a due date by
Qwest and which are completed/closed in the reporting period that missed the original due date.
Change order types included in this measurement consist of all C orders representing inward
activity.
 Missed due date orders with jeopardy notifications provided on or after the original due date is
past will be counted in the denominator of the formula but will not be counted in the numerator.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
aggregate, individual CLEC and (This measure is reported by jeopardy notification process as
Qwest Retail results used for the categories shown under Product Reporting.)
Formula:
[(Total missed due date orders completed in the reporting period that received jeopardy notification in
advance of original due date)  (Total number of missed due date orders completed in the reporting
period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Orders missed for customer reasons.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid due dates or application dates.
 Records with invalid completion dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Product Reporting: Standards:
A Non-Designed Services A Parity with Retail POTS
B Unbundled Loops (with or without Number B Parity with Retail POTS
Portability)
C LIS Trunks C Parity with Feature Group D (FGD) Services
D UNE-P (POTS) D Parity with Retail POTS
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 21

PO-15 – Number of Due Date Changes per Order
Purpose:
To evaluate the extent to which Qwest changes due dates on orders.
Description:
Measures the average number of Qwest due date changes per order.
 Includes all inward orders (Change, New, and Transfer order types) that have been assigned a
due date in the reporting period subject to the exclusions below. Change order types for
additional lines consist of all “C” orders representing inward activity.
 Counts all due date changes made for Qwest reasons following assignment of the original due
date.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Average Number of Due Date Changes
Reporting Comparisons: Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
CLEC aggregate, individual CLEC, and Qwest
retail results.
Formula:
(Count of Qwest due date changes on all orders)  (Total orders in reporting period)
Exclusions:
 Customer requested due date changes.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid due dates or application dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Product Reporting: Standard:
None Diagnostic
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 22

PO-16 – Timely Release Notifications
Purpose:
Measures the percent of release notifications for changes to specified OSS interfaces sent by Qwest to
CLECs within the intervals and scope specified within the change management plan found on Qwest’s
Change Management Process, (CMP) website at http://www.qwest.com/wholesale/cmp/whatiscmp.html.
Description:
 Measures the percent of release notices that are sent by Qwest within the intervals/timeframes
prescribed by the release notification procedure on Qwest’s CMP website. NOTE 1
 Release notices measured are:
 Draft Technical Specifications (for App to App interfaces only);
 Final Technical Specifications (for App to App interfaces only);
 Draft Release Notices (for IMA-GUI interfaces only);
 Final Release Notices (for IMA-GUI interfaces only); and
 OSS Interface Retirement Notices. NOTE 2
 For the following OSS interfaces:
 IMA-GUI, IMA-EDI;
 CEMR;
 Exchange Access, Control, & Tracking (EXACT); NOTE 3
 Electronic Bonding - Trouble Administration (EB -TA); NOTE 4
 IABS and CRIS Summary Bill Outputs; NOTE 5
 Loss and Completion Records; NOTE 5
 New OSS interfaces (for introduction notices only.) NOTE 6
 Also included are notifications for connectivity or system function changes to Resale Product
Database.
 Includes OSS interface release notifications by Qwest relating to the following products and
service categories: LIS/Interconnection, Collocation, Unbundled Network Elements (UNE),
Ancillary, and Resale Products and Services.
 Includes OSS interface release notifications by Qwest to CLECs for the following OSS
functions: Pre-Ordering, Ordering, Provisioning, Repair and Maintenance, and Billing.
 Includes Types of Changes as specified in the “Qwest Wholesale Change Management
Process Document” (Section 4 – Types of Changes).
 Includes all OSS interface release notifications pertaining to the above OSS systems, subject to
the exclusions specified below.
 Release Notifications sent on or before the date required by the CMP are considered timely. A
release notification “sent date” is determined by the date of the e-mail sent by Qwest that provides the
Release Notification. NOTE 7
 Release Notifications sent after the date required by the (CMP) are considered untimely. Release
Notifications required but not sent are considered untimely.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Aggregate Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level.
Formula:
[(Number of required release notifications for specified OSS interface changes made within the reporting
period that are sent on or before the date required by the change management plan (CMP)  Total
number of required release notifications for specified OSS interface changes within reporting period)]x100
Exclusions:
 Changes to be implemented on an expedited basis (exception to OSS notification intervals) as
mutually agreed upon by CLECs and Qwest through the CMP.
 Changes where Qwest and CLECs agree, through the CMP, that notification is unnecessary.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 23

PO-16 Timely Release Notifications (continued)
Product Reporting: None Standards:
Vol. 1-10: No more than one
untimely notification
Vol. > 10: 92.5% timely notifications
Availability: Notes:
Available
1. The Qwest Wholesale Change Management Process Document specifies the
intervals for release notifications by type of notification. These intervals are
documented in the change management plan.
2. The documents described in section “9.0 – Retirement of Existing OSS
Interfaces” of the "Qwest Wholesale Change Management Process Document”
as “Initial Retirement Notice” and “Final Retirement Notice.”
3. EXACT is a Telecordia system. Only release notifications for changes initiated
by Qwest for hardware or connectivity will be included in this measurement.
4. EB-TA is the same system as MEDIACC.
5. CRIS, IABS, and Loss and Completions will adhere to the notification intervals
documented in section 8.1 – Changes to Existing Application to Application
Interface.
6. The documents described in section “7.0 – Introduction of New OSS Interface” of
the “Qwest Wholesale Change Management Process Document” as “Initial
Release Announcement and Preliminary Implementation Plan” (new App to App
only), “Initial Interface Technical Specification” (new App to App only), “Final
Interface Technical Specifications (new App to App only), “Release Notification”
(new GUI only). CMP notices for “Introduction of a New OSS” are to be included
in this measurement even though the new system is not explicitly listed in the
“Description” section of this PID. However, once implemented, the system will
not be added to the measurement for purposes of measuring release, change
and retirement notifications unless specifically incorporated as an authorized
change to the PID.
7. The intervals used to determine timeliness are based on CMP guidelines.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 24

PO-19 – Stand-Alone Test Environment (SATE) Accuracy
Purpose:
Evaluates Qwest’s ability to provide accurate production-like tests to CLECs for testing new releases in
the SATE and production environments and testing between releases in the SATE environment.
Description:
PO-19A
 Measures the percentage of test transactions that conform to the test scenarios published in the IMA
EDI Data Document – for the Stand Alone Test Environment (SATE) that are successfully executed
in SATE at the time a new IMA Release is deployed to SATE. In months where no release activity
occurs, measures the percentage of test transactions that conform to the test scenarios published in
the current IMA EDI Data Document-for the Stand Alone Test Environment (SATE) that are
successfully executed in SATE during the between-releases monthly performance test.
 Includes one test transaction for each test scenario published in the IMA EDI Data Document – for
the Stand Alone Test Environment (SATE).
 Test transactions will be executed for each of the IMA releases supported in SATE utilizing all test
scenarios for each of the current versions of the IMA EDI Data Document – for the Stand Alone Test
Environment (SATE).
 The successful execution of a transaction is determined by the Qwest Test Engineer according to:
 The expected results of the test scenario as described in the IMA EDI Data Document – for the
Stand Alone Test Environment (SATE) and the EDI disclosure document.
 The transactions strict adherence to business rules published in Qwest’s most current IMA EDI
Disclosure Documentation for each release and the associated Addenda. NOTE 1
 For this measurement, Qwest will execute the test transactions in the Stand-Alone Test Environment.
 Release related test transactions will be executed when a full or point release of IMA is installed
in SATE. These transactions will be executed within five business days of the numbered release
being originally installed in SATE. This five-business day period will be referred to as the “Testing
Window.”
 Mid-release monthly performance test transactions will be executed in the months when no
Testing Window for a release is completed. These transactions will be executed on the 15th, or
the nearest working day to the 15th of the month, in the months when no release related test
transactions are executed.
 Test transaction results will be reported by release and included in the Reporting Period during which
the release transactions or mid-release test transactions are completed.
PO-19B
 Validates the extent that SATE mirrors production by measuring the percentage of IMA EDI test
transactions that produce comparable results in SATE and in production.
 Transactions counted as producing comparable results are those that return correctly formatted
data and fields as specified in the release’s EDI disclosure document and developer worksheets
related to the IMA release being tested.
 Comparability will be determined by evaluating the data and fields in each EDI message for the
test transactions against the same data and fields for Preorder queries, LSRs, and
Supplementals, and returned as Query Responses, Acknowledgements, Firm Order
Confirmations (FOCs) for flow-through eligible products, and rejects.
 Test transactions are executed one time for each new major IMA release within 7 days after the IMA
release.
 Test transactions consist of a defined suite of Product/Activity combinations. Qwest’s three
regions will be represented. NOTE 2
 Pre-order, Order, and Post-order transactions (FOCs for flow-through products) are included.
 With respect to the comparability of the structure and content of results from SATE and production
environments, this measurement focuses only on the validity of the structure and the validity of the
content, per developer worksheets and EID mapping examples distributed as part of release
notifications. NOTE 3
Reporting Period: Unit of Measure: Percent
PO-19A -- One month
PO-19B: -- One month (for those months in
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 25

PO-19 Stand-Alone Test Environment (SATE) Accuracy (continued)
which release-related test transactions are
completed)
Reporting Comparisons: None Disaggregation Reporting:
PO-19A – Reported separately for each release tested
in the reporting period
PO-19B -- None
Formula:
PO-19A
[(Total number of successfully completed SATE test transactions executed for a Software Release or
between-releases performance test completed in the Reporting Period)  (Total number of SATE test
transactions executed for each Software Release or between-releases performance test completed in
the Reporting Period)] x 100
PO-19B
[(Total number of completed IMA EDI test transactions executed in SATE and production that
produce comparable results for each new major IMA Software Release completed in the Reporting
Period) ÷ (Total number of completed IMA EDI test transactions executed in SATE and production for
each new major IMA Software Release completed in the Reporting Period)] x 100
Exclusions:
For PO-19B:
 Transactions that fail due to the unavailability of a content item (e.g., TN exhaustion in SATE or the
production environment) or a function in the SATE or production environments (e.g., address
validation query or CSR query) that is unsuccessful due to an outage in systems that interface with
IMA-EDI (e.g., PREMIS or SIA).
 Transactions that fail because of differences between the production and SATE results caused when
an IMA candidate is implemented into IMA and not SATE (i.e., where CMP decides not to implement
an IMA candidate in a SATE release: e.g., the Reject Duplicate LSR candidate in IMA 12.0). This
exclusion does not apply during reporting periods in which there are no differences between
production IMA and SATE caused by SATE releases packaged pursuant to CMP decisions.
Product Reporting: None Standard:
PO-19A – 95% for each release tested
PO-19B – 95%
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Transactions that are executed and found to
have inconsistencies with the data and format
rules will be corrected and rerun. Rerun
volumes will not be counted in the denominator
for PO-19. Such corrections and re-executions
are intended to enforce strict adherence to
business rules published in Qwest’s most
current IMA EDI Data and Disclosure
Documents.
2. The product and activity combinations that
make up the test decks for PO-19B will be
updated after each major IMA software release
and provided to CLECs with the publication of
IMA EDI Draft Interface Technical
Specifications for the next major IMA software
release as defined in the CMP process. All
combinations with EDI transaction volumes >
100 in the previous 12-month period will be
included in the test deck. 75 days prior to the
execution of the test, Qwest will run a query
against IMA to determine which combinations
meet the criteria for inclusion (i.e., volumes >
100).
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 26

PO-19 Stand-Alone Test Environment (SATE) Accuracy (continued)
3. The intent of this provision is to avoid including
the effects of circumstances beyond the SATE
environment that could cause differences in
SATE and production results that are not due
to problems in mirroring production. For
example, because of real-time data
manipulation in production, an appointment
availability query transaction in SATE will not
return the same list of available appointments
as in production. Available appointments in
production are fully dependent on real-time
activities that occur there, whereas available
appointments in SATE are based on a pre-
defined list that is representative of production.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 27

PO-20 (Expanded) – Manual Service Order Accuracy
Purpose:
Evaluates the degree to which Qwest accurately processes CLECs’ Local Service Requests (LSRs), which
are electronically-submitted and manually processed by Qwest, into Qwest Service Orders, based on
mechanized comparisons of specified LSR-Service Order fields and focusing on the percentage of manually-
processed Service Orders that are accurate/error-free.
Description:
Measures the percentage of manually-processed Qwest Service Orders that are populated correctly, in
specified data fields, with information obtained from CLEC LSRs.
 Includes only Service Orders created from CLEC LSRs that Qwest receives NOTE 1 electronically (via IMA-
GUI or IMA-EDI) and manually processes in the creation of Service Orders, regardless of flow through
eligibility, subject to exclusions specified below.
 Includes only Service Orders, from the product reporting categories specified below, that request inward
line or feature activity (Change, New, and Transfer order types), are assigned a due date by Qwest, and
are completed/closed in the reporting period. Change Service Order types included in this measurement
consist of all C orders with “I” and “T” action-coded line or feature USOCs.
 All Service Orders satisfying the above criteria are evaluated in this measurement.NOTE 2
 An inward line Service Order will be classified as “accurate” and thus counted in the numerator in the
formula below when the mechanized comparisons of this measurement determine that the fields
specified in the Service Order Fields Evaluated section below (when the source fields have been properly
populated on the LSR) are all accurate on the Service Order. An inward feature Service Order will be
classified as “accurate” if the fields specified in the Service Order Fields Evaluated section below (when
the source fields have been properly populated on the LSR) are all accurate on the Service Order and if
no CLEC notifications to the call center have generated call center tickets coded to LSR/SO mismatch for
that order.
 Service Orders will be counted as being accurate if the contents of the relevant fields, as recorded in
the completed Service Orders involved in provisioning the service, properly match or correspond to
the information from the specified fields as provided in the latest version of associated LSRs.
 Service orders generated from LSRs receiving a PIA (Provider Initiated Activity value will be counted
as being accurate if each and every mismatch has a correct and corresponding PIA value.
 Service Orders, including those otherwise considered accurate under the above-described
mechanized field comparison, will not be counted as accurate if Qwest corrects errors in its Service
Order(s) as a result of contacts received from CLECs no earlier than one business day prior to the
original due date.
Reporting Period: One month, reported in Unit of Measure: Percent
arrears (i.e., results first appear in reports one
month later than results for measurements that are
not reported in arrears), in order to exclude Service
Orders that are the subject of call center tickets
counted in OP-5B and OP-5T, as having new
service problems attributed to Service Order errors.
Reporting Comparisons: Disaggregation Reporting:
CLEC Aggregate and individual CLEC Statewide Level
Formula:
[(Number of accurate, evaluated Service Orders)  (Number of evaluated Service Orders completed in
the reporting period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Service Orders that are the subject of call center tickets counted in OP-5B and OP-5T as having new
service problems attributed to Service Order errors.
 Cancelled Service Orders.
 Service Orders that cannot be matched to a corresponding LSR
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 28

PO-20 (Expanded) – Manual Service Order Accuracy (continued)
Product Reporting: Standard:
 Resale and UNE-P (POTS and Centrex 21) 95%
 Unbundled Loops (Analog and Non-Loaded 2/4-wire, DS1
Capable, DS3 and higher Capable, ADSL Compatible,
XDSL-I Capable, ISDN-BRI Capable)
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. To be included in the measurement, Service
Orders created from CLEC LSRs must be
received and completed in the same version of
IMA-GUI or IMA-EDI.
2. Consists of all manually-processed, qualifying
Service Orders per product reporting category
specified above, from throughout Qwest’s 14-
state local service region.
LSR-Service Order Fields Evaluated
Mechanized comparison of the fields from the Service Order to the LSR:
LSR Field
Form Code LSR Field Name Remarks/Service Order Field:
CCNA Customer Carrier CCNA field of LSR form compared to the RSID/ZCID field
LSR Name identifier in the Extended ID section of the Service Order.
Abbreviation
PON Purchase Order PON field of LSR form compared to the PON field in Bill
Number Section of the Service Order.
D/TSENT Date and time The D/TSENT field of LSR form from the Firm Order
sent Manager, using applied business day cut-off rules and
business typing rules, and compare to the APP (Application
Date) used on the Service Order.
CHC Coordinated Hot Applies only to Unbundled Loop.
Cut Requested Validate that the installation USOC used on the Service
Order matches the Coordinated Cut request. (Evaluated in
conjunction with the TEST field to determine correct USOC.)
TEST Testing required Applies only to Unbundled Loop.
Validate that the installation USOC used on the Service
Order matches the TEST request. (Evaluated in conjunction
with the CHC field to determine correct USOC.)
NC Network Channel Applies only to Unbundled Loop. NC field on the LSR form
Code compared to provisioning USOC for CKL1 on the Service
Order.
NCI Network Channel Applies only to Unbundled Loop NCI field on the LSR form
Interface Code compared to provisioning USOC for CKL1 on the Service
Order.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 29

PO-20 (Expanded) – Manual Service Order Accuracy (continued)
LSR-Service Order Fields Evaluated
Mechanized comparison of the fields from the Service Order to the LSR:
LSR Field
Form Code LSR Field Name Remarks/Service Order Field:
SECNCI Secondary Applies only to Unbundled Loop orders.
Network Channel SECNCI field on the LSR form compared to the provisioning
Interface Code USOC for CKL2 on the Service Order.
PIC InterLATA Pre- PIC field on Resale or Centrex form compared to PIC
subscription populated on the “I” or “T” action lines in the Service and
Indicator Code Equipment section of the Service Order.
Note:
LSR PIC = None; S.O. PIC = None
Resale or LPIC IntraLATA Pre- LPIC field on Resale or Centrex form compared to LPIC
Centrex subscription populated on the “I” or “T” action lines in the Service and
Indicator Code Equipment section of the Service Order.
Note:
LSR LPIC = None; S.O. LPIC = 9199
LSR LPIC = DFLT; S.O. LPIC = 5123
TNS Telephone Validate that all telephone numbers in the TNS fields in the
Numbers Service Details section on the Resale or Centrex form
requiring inward activity are addressed on the Service Order.
FA/ Feature When the FA = N, T, V
FEATURE Activity/Feature Validate line and feature USOCs provided in the FEATURE
Codes field on the Resale or Centrex form are addressed with “I”
and/or “T” action lines on the Service Order.
Resale
Note: Comparison will be based on the USOCs associated
or
with line and feature activity listed in the PO-20 USOC List
Centrex
posted on Qwest’s public website, on the web page
containing the current PID
www.qwest.com/wholesale/results). Qwest may add USOCs
to the list, delete grand-fathered/ discontinued or obsolete
USOCs, or update USOCs assigned to listed descriptions by
providing notice in the monthly Summary of Notes and
updating the list.
LS ECCKT Exchange Applies to LSRs with ACT = C (only when NC code has not
Company Circuit changed, M, or T.
ID
ECCKT field on the LS form compared to the CLS field in the
Service and Equipment section of the Service Order.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 30

PO-20 (Expanded) – Manual Service Order Accuracy (continued)
LSR-Service Order Fields Evaluated
Mechanized comparison of the fields from the Service Order to the LSR:
LSR Field
Form Code LSR Field Name Remarks/Service Order Field:
LS/ CFA Connecting CFA field on the LS or LSNP forms compared to the CFA
LSNP Facility field used in CKL1 of the Service Order. (Verbal acceptance
Assignment of CFA changes will be FOC’d and PIA’d, which will account
for the mismatch and eliminate it as an error in the PO-20
calculation.
LTY Listing Type LTY = 1 (Listed – appears in DA and the directory.) Validate
that there is a LN in the List section of the Service Order.
LTY = 2 (Non Listed – appears only in DA.) Validate that
there is non listing instructions in the LN field in the List
section of the Service Order.
Central/Western Region: Validate that the left handed field
is NLST and (NON-LIST) is contained in the NLST data field
in the List section of the Service order.
Eastern Region: Validate that the left handed field is NL
and (NON LIST) is contained in the NL data field in the List
section of the Service Order.
LTY = 3 (Non Pub - does not appear in the directory and
telephone number does not appear in DA.) Validate that
there is non published instructions in the LN field in the List
section of the Service Order.
Central/Western Regions: Validate that the left handed
field is NP and (NON-PUB) is contained in the NP data field
in the List section of the Service Order.
Eastern Region: Validate that the left handed field is NP
and (NP LODA) or (NP NODA) is contained in the NP data
field in the List section of the Service Order.
TOA Type of Account Validate TOA entries (only reviewed when BRO field on DL
form is not populated):
 TOA valid entries are B or RP
Validate that there is a semi colon (;) within the LN in the
List section of the Service Order.
 TOA valid entries are R or BP
Validate that there is a comma (,) within the LN in the List
section of the Service Order.
Exception: When LSR-TOS = 3, TOA review is Not
Applicable. Handled by Complex Listing Group. Requires
separate Service Order.
DML Direct Mail List DML field = O on DL form; Service Order LN contains
(OCLS).
NOSL No Solicitation Arizona Only
Indicator NOSL field = Y on DL form; Service Order LN contains
(NSOL) (OCLS).
TMKT Telemarketing Colorado Only
TMKT field = O on DL form; Service Order LN contains
(OATD).
When both the DML and the TMKT fields are populated, DML
validation applies.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 31
mrof
sgnitsiL
yrotceriD
–
LD
)sgnitsiL
niaM
lacoL
rof
ylno
detaulavE(
LNLN and Listed Name LNLN and LNFN fields on DL form compared to the LN field
LNFN in the List section of the Service Order.

PO-20 (Expanded) – Manual Service Order Accuracy (continued)
LSR-Service Order Fields Evaluated
Mechanized comparison of the fields from the Service Order to the LSR:
LSR Field
Form Code LSR Field Name Remarks/Service Order Field:
ADI Address Indicator ADI = O on DL form; Service Order LA contains (OAD).
LAPR Listed Address LAPR field of the Listing form compared to LA in the List
Number Prefix section of the Service Order.
LANO Listed Address LANO field of the Listing form compared to LA in the List
Number section of the Service Order.
LASF Listed Address LASF field of the Listing form compared to LA in the List
Number Suffix section of the Service Order.
LASD Listed Address LASD field of the Listing form compared to LA in the List
Street Directional section of the Service Order.
LASN Listed Address LASN field of the Listing form compared to LA in the List
Street Name section of the Service Order.
LATH Listed Address LATH field of the Listing form compared to LA in the List
Street Type section of the Service Order.
LASS Listed Address LASS field of the Listing form compared to LA in the List
Street Directional section of the Service Order.
Suffix
LALOC Listed Address LALOC field of the Listing form compared to LA in the List
Locality section of the Service Order.
LSR DSPTCH Dispatch Limited to Unbundled Loops where ACT = Z or V only.
If DSPTCH field on the LSR form = Y, validate dispatch
USOC in the Service and Equipment section of the Service
Order.
LTC Line Treatment Applies only to Centrex 21
Code LTC field numeric value on the Centrex form compared to the
data following the CAT field for the Line USOC on the
Centrex Service Order.
COS Class of Service Applies only to Centrex 21.
– Qwest Specific COS field of the Centrex form compared to the CS field in the
ID section of the Service Order.
Resale FEATURE Feature Details As specified in Appendix A of the 14 State Working PID.
or DETAILS Comparison would be based on the fields associated with the
Centrex USOC list referenced under Feature Activity above.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 32

PO-20 (Expanded) – Manual Service Order Accuracy (continued)
LSR-Service Order Fields Evaluated
Mechanized comparison of the fields from the Service Order to the LSR:
LSR Field
Form Code LSR Field Name Remarks/Service Order Field:
Resale BLOCK Blocking Type For each LNUM provided in the Service Detail section of the
or (Stage 1) Resale or Centrex form when BA = E:
Centrex Note: The BLOCK field may have one or more alpha and/or
numeric values per LNUM. This review will only validate
based on BA/BLOCK fields and will not address blocking
information provided in the “Remark” section on the LSR or
the Feature Detail section of the LSR. The values listed
below will be considered as follows:
If BLOCK contains A, validate FID TBE A is present on the
service order floated behind line USOC associated with the
TNS for that LNUM.
If BLOCK contains B, validate FID TBE B is present on the
service order floated behind line USOC associated with the
TNS for that LNUM.
If BLOCK contains C, validate FID TBE C is present on the
service order floated behind line USOC associated with the
TNS for that LNUM.
If BLOCK contains H, validate FID BLKD is present on the
service order floated behind line USOC associated with the
TNS for that LNUM.
DFDT Desired Frame Applicable only to orders for Resale and UNE-P (POTS and
Due Time Centrex 21)
DFDT field on the LSR form compared to the FDT field in the
Extended ID section of the Service Order.
DDD Desired Due DDD field from the last FOC’d LSR compared to the original
LSR
Date or last subsequent due date in the Extended ID section on
the Service Order when no CFLAG/PIA is present on the
FOC. (i.e. Evaluation includes recognition of valid differences
between DDD and Service Order based on population of the
CFLAG/PIA field on the LSRC (FOC))
LTN Listed Telephone For Resale and UNE-P (POTS and Centrex 21):
Number LTN field on the Listing form compared to the Main Account
Number of the Service Order.
For Unbundled Loop: LTN field on the Listing form compared
to the TN floated after the LN in the Listing section of the
Service Order.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 33
sgnitsiL
yrotceriD
–
LD
mrof
rof
ylno
detaulavE(
)sgnitsiL
niaM
lacoL
LNPL Letter Name LNPL field on the Listing form = L, validate that LN on the
Placement Service Order follows letter placement versus word
placement.

Ordering and Provisioning
OP-2 – Calls Answered within Twenty Seconds – Interconnect Provisioning Center
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness of CLEC access to Qwest’s interconnection provisioning center(s) and retail
customer access to the Business Office, focusing on the extent calls are answered within 20 seconds.
Description:
Measures the percentage of (Interconnection Provisioning Center or Retail Business Office) calls that
are answered by an agent within 20 seconds of the first ring.
 Includes all calls to the Interconnect Provisioning Center/Retail Business Office during the
reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
 Abandoned calls and busy calls are counted as calls which are not answered within 20 seconds.
 First ring is defined as when the customer’s call is first placed in queue by the ACD (Automatic
Call Distributor).
 Answer is defined as when the call is first picked up by the Qwest agent.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate and Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level.
Qwest Retail results
Formula:
[(Total Calls Answered by Center within 20 seconds)  (Total Calls received by Center)] x 100
Exclusions: Time spent in the VRU Voice Response Unit is not counted.
Product Reporting: Not applicable Standard: Parity
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 34

OP-3 – Installation Commitments Met
Purpose:
Evaluates the extent to which Qwest installs services for Customers by the scheduled due date.
Description:
Measures the percentage of orders for which the scheduled due date is met.
 All inward orders (Change, New, and Transfer order types) assigned a due date by Qwest and
which are completed/closed during the reporting period are measured, subject to exclusions
specified below. Change order types included in this measurement consist of all C orders
representing inward activity. Also included are orders with customer-requested due dates longer
than the standard interval.
 Completion date on or before the Applicable Due Date recorded by Qwest is counted as a met due
date. The Applicable Due Date is the original due date or, if changed or delayed by the customer,
the most recently revised due date, subject to the following: If Qwest changes a due date for Qwest
reasons, the Applicable Due Date is the customer-initiated due date, if any, that is (a) subsequent to
the original due date and (b) prior to a Qwest-initiated, changed due date, if any.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
Comparisons:  Results for product/services listed in Product Reporting under “MSA-Type
CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation” will be reported according to orders involving:
individual CLEC OP-3A Dispatches within MSAs;
and Qwest Retail OP-3B Dispatches outside MSAs; and
results OP-3C No dispatches.
 Results for products/services listed in Product Reporting under “Zone-type
Disaggregation” will be disaggregated according to installations:
OP-3D In Interval Zone 1 areas; and
OP-3E In Interval Zone 2 areas.
Formula:
[(Total Orders completed in the reporting period on or before the Applicable Due Date)  (Total Orders
Completed in the Reporting Period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Disconnect, From (another form of disconnect) and Record order types.
 Due dates missed for standard categories of customer and non-Qwest reasons. Standard
categories of customer reasons are: previous service at the location did not have a customer-
requested disconnect order issued, no access to customer premises, and customer hold for
payment. Standard categories of non-Qwest reasons are: Weather, Disaster, and Work Stoppage.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid due dates or application dates.
 Records with invalid completion dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 35

OP – 3 Installation Commitments Met (continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
MSA-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Residential single line service Parity with retail service
Business single line service Parity with retail service
Centrex Parity with retail service
Centrex 21 Parity with retail service
DS0 (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
Primary ISDN (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with like retail service
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex 21
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex
(UNE-P) (Centrex )
 Line Splitting 95%
 Loop Splitting NOTE 1 Diagnostic
 Line Sharing 95%
 Sub-Loop Unbundling CO: 90%
All Other States: Diagnostic
Zone-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Primary ISDN (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
DS0 (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
DS1 Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
DS3 and higher bit-rate services Parity with retail service
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Parity with retail service
 LIS Trunks Parity with Feature Group D (aggregate)
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT – DS1 level Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
UDIT – Above DS1 level Parity with retail Private Lines above DS1 level
Dark Fiber – IOF Diagnostic
 Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop 90%
Non-loaded Loop (2-wire) 90%
Non-loaded Loop (4-wire) Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
DS1-capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
xDSL-I capable Loop 90%
ISDN-capable Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
ADSL-qualified Loop 90%
Loop types of DS3 and higher bit-rates Parity with retail DS3 and higher bit-rate Private
(aggregate) Line services (aggregate)
Dark Fiber – Loop Diagnostic
Loops with Conditioning 90%
 E911/911 Trunks Parity with retail E911/911 Trunks
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 36

OP – 3 Installation Commitments Met (continued)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS0 WA: 90%
level) All Other States: Diagnostic
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS1 90%
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS3 WA: 90%
level) All Other States: Diagnostic
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order the product, in any quantity, for
three consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 37

OP-4 – Installation Interval
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness of Qwest's installation of services for customers, focusing on the average
time to install service.
Description:
Measures the average interval (in business days) NOTE 1 between the application date and the
completion date for service orders accepted and implemented.
 Includes all inward orders (Change, New, and Transfer order types) assigned a due date by
Qwest and which are completed/closed during the reporting period, subject to exclusions specified
below. Change order types for additional lines consist of all C orders representing inward activity.
 Intervals for each measured event are counted in whole days: the application date is day zero (0);
the day following the application date is day one (1).
 The Applicable Due Date is the original due date or, if changed or delayed by the customer, the
most recently revised due date, subject to the following: If Qwest changes a due date for Qwest
reasons, the Applicable Due Date is the customer-initiated due date, if any, that is (a) subsequent
to the original due date and (b) prior to a Qwest-initiated, changed due date, if any. NOTE 2
 Time intervals associated with customer-initiated due date changes or delays occurring after the
Applicable Due Date, as applied in the formula below, are calculated by subtracting the latest
Qwest-initiated due date, if any, following the Applicable Due Date, from the subsequent
customer-initiated due date, if any. NOTE 2
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Average Business Days
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
Comparisons:  Results for product/services listed in Product Reporting under “MSA-Type
CLEC Disaggregation” will be reported according to orders involving:
aggregate, OP-4A Dispatches within MSAs;
individual CLEC OP-4B Dispatches outside MSAs; and
and Qwest OP-4C No dispatches.
Retail results  Results for products/services listed in Product Reporting under “Zone-type
Disaggregation” will be disaggregated according to installations:
OP-4D In Interval Zone 1 areas; and
OP-4E In Interval Zone 2 areas.
Formula:
[(Order Completion Date) – (Order Application Date) – (Time interval between the Original Due Date
and the Applicable Date) – (Time intervals associated with customer-initiated due date changes or
delays occurring after the Applicable Due Date)]  Total Number of Orders Completed in the reporting
period
Explanation: The average installation interval is derived by dividing the sum of installation intervals for
all orders (in business days) NOTE 1 by total number of service orders completed in the reporting period.
Exclusions:
 Orders with customer requested due dates greater than the current standard interval.
 Disconnect, From (another form of disconnect) and Record order types.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid due dates or application dates.
 Records with invalid completion dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 38

OP-4 – Installation Interval (continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
MSA-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Residential single line service Parity with retail service
Business single line service Parity with retail service
Centrex Parity with retail service
Centrex 21 Parity with retail service
DS0 (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
Primary ISDN (non-designed Parity with retail service
provisioning)
Basic ISDN (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with like retail service
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex 21
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex
(UNE-P) (Centrex)
 Line Splitting 3.3 days
 Loop Splitting NOTE 3 Diagnostic
 Line Sharing 3.3 days
 Sub-Loop Unbundling CO: 6 days
All Other States: Diagnostic
Zone-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Primary ISDN (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN(designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
DS0 (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
DS1 Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
DS3 and higher bit-rate services Parity with retail service
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Parity with retail service
 LIS Trunks Parity with Feature Group D (aggregate)
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT – DS1 level Parity with DS1 Private Line Service
UDIT – Above DS1 level Parity with Private Lines above DS1 level
Dark Fiber – IOF Diagnostic
 Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop 6 days
Non-loaded Loop (2-wire) 6 days
Non-loaded Loop (4-wire) Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
DS1-capable Loop Idaho, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, North
Dakota, Oregon, Wyoming: Parity with retail
DS1 Private Line
Arizona, Colorado, Minnesota, New Mexico,
South Dakota, Utah, Washington: 5.5 days
xDSL-I capable Loop 6 days
ISDN-capable Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
ADSL-qualified Loop 6 days
Loop types of DS3 and higher bit-rates Parity with retail DS3 and higher bit-rate services
(aggregate) (aggregate)
Dark Fiber – Loop Diagnostic
Loops with Conditioning 15 days
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 39

OP-4 – Installation Interval (continued)
 E911/911 Trunks Parity with retail E911/911 Trunks
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS0 Diagnostic
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS1 6 days
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS3 Diagnostic
level)
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. For OP-4C, Saturday is counted as a business day for all orders for
Resale Residence, Resale Business, and UNE-P (POTS), as well
as for the retail analogues specified above as standards. For all
other products under OP-4C and for all products under OP-4A, -4B,
-4D, and -4E. Saturday is counted as a business day when the
service order is due or completed on Saturday.
2. According to this definition, the Applicable Due Date can change,
per successive customer-initiated due date changes or delays, up
to the point when a Qwest-initiated due date change occurs. At
that point, the Applicable Due Date becomes fixed (i.e., with no
further changes) as the date on which it was set prior to the first
Qwest-initiated due date change, if any. Following the first Qwest-
initiated due date change, any further customer-initiated due date
changes or delays are measured as time intervals that are
subtracted as indicated in the formula. These delay time intervals
are calculated as stated in the description. (Though infrequent, in
cases where multiple Qwest-initiated due date changes occur, the
stated method for calculating delay intervals is applied to each pair
of Qwest-initiated due date change and subsequent customer-
initiated due date change or delay. The intervals thus calculated
from each pairing of Qwest and customer-initiated due dates are
summed and then subtracted as indicated in the formula.) The
result of this approach is that Qwest-initiated impacts on intervals
are counted in the reported interval, and customer-initiated impacts
on intervals are not counted in the reported interval.
3. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order the product, in any
quantity, for three consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 40

OP-5 – New Service Quality
Purpose:
Evaluates the quality of ordering and installing new services (inward line service orders), focusing on the
percentage of newly-installed service orders that are free of CLEC/customer-initiated trouble reports during
the provisioning process and within 30 calendar days following installation completion, and focusing on the
quality of Qwest’s resolution of such conditions with respect to multiple reports.
Description:
Measures two components of new service provisioning quality (OP-5A and -5B) and also reports a combined
result (OP-5T), as described below, each as a percentage of all inward line service orders completed in the
reporting period that are free of CLEC/customer-reported provisioning and repair trouble reports, as
described below. Also measures the percentage of all provisioning and repair trouble reports that constitute
multiple trouble reports for the affected service orders. (OP-5R)
 Orders for new services considered in calculating all components of this performance indicator are all
inward line service orders completed in the reporting period, including Change (C-type) orders for
additional lines/circuits, subject to exclusions shown below. Change order types considered in these
measurements consist of all C orders representing inward activity.NOTE 1
 Orders for new service installations include conversions (Retail to CLEC, CLEC to CLEC, and same
CLEC converting between products).
 Provisioning or repair trouble reports include both out of service and other service affecting conditions,
such as features on a line that are missing or do not function properly upon conversion, subject to
exclusions shown below.
OP-5A: New Service Installation Quality Reported to Repair
 Measures the percentage of inward line service orders that are free of repair trouble reports NOTE 2
within 30 calendar days of installation completion, subject to exclusions below.
 Repair trouble reports are defined as CLEC/customer notifications to Qwest of out-of-service and
other service affecting conditions for which Qwest opens repair tickets in its maintenance and repair
management and tracking systems NOTE 3 that are closed in the reporting period or the following
month, NOTE 4 subject to exclusions shown below. NOTE 5
 Qwest is able to open repair tickets for repair trouble reports received from CLECs/customers once
the service order is completed in Qwest’s systems.
OP-5B: New Service Provisioning Quality
 Measures the percentage of inward line service orders that are free of provisioning trouble reports
during the provisioning process and within 30 calendar days of installation completion, subject to
exclusions shown below.
 Provisioning trouble reports are defined as CLEC notifications to Qwest of out of service or other
service affecting conditions that are attributable to provisioning activities, including but not limited to
LSR/service order mismatches and conversion outages. For provisioning trouble reports, Qwest
creates call center tickets in its call center database. Subject to exclusions shown below, call center
tickets closed in the reporting period or the following month NOTE 4 are captured in this measurement.
Call center tickets closed to Network reasons will not be counted in OP-5B when a repair trouble
report for that order is captured in OP-5A. NOTE 5, 6
OP-5T: New Service Installation Quality Total
 Measures the percentage of inward line service orders that are free of repair or provisioning trouble
reports during the provisioning process and within 30 calendar days of installation completion, subject
to exclusion shown below.
OP-5R: New Service Quality Multiple Report Rate
 Evaluates the quality of Qwest’s responses to repair and provisioning trouble reports for inward line
service orders completed in the reporting period. This measurement reports, for those service orders
that were not free of repair or provisioning trouble reports in OP-5A or OP-5B, the percentage of
trouble reports affecting the same service orders that were followed by additional repair and
provisioning trouble reports, as specified below.
 Measures the percentage of all repair and provisioning trouble reports considered in OP-5A and
OP-5B that are additional repair or provisioning trouble reports received by Qwest for the same
service order during the provisioning process or within 30 calendar days following installation
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 41

OP- 5 – New Service Quality (continued)
completion.
 Additional repair or provisioning trouble reports are defined as all such reports that are received
following the first report (whether the first report is represented by a call center ticket or a repair
ticket) relating to the same service order during the provisioning process or within 30 calendar days
following installation completion. In all cases, the trouble reports counted are those that are defined
for OP-5A and OP-5B above. NOTE 7
Reporting Period: One month, reported in arrears (i.e., results first appear Unit of Measure:
in reports one month later than results for measurements that are not Percent
reported in arrears), in order to cover the 30-day period following installation.
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level
individual CLEC and Qwest Retail results
Formulas:
OP-5A = (Number inward line service orders completed in the reporting period – Number of inward line
service orders with any repair trouble reports as specified above)  (Number of inward line service
orders completed in the reporting period) x 100
OP-5B = (Number of inward line service orders completed in the reporting period – Number of inward line
service orders with any provisioning trouble reports as specified above)  (Number of inward line
service orders completed in the reporting period) x 100
OP-5T = ([Number of inward line service orders completed in the reporting period] – Number of inward line
service orders with repair or provisioning trouble reports as defined above under OP-5A or OP-5B,
as applicable)  (Number of inward line service orders completed in the reporting period) x 100
OP-5R = (Number of all repair and provisioning trouble reports, relating to inward line service orders closed in
the reporting period as defined above under OP-5A or OP-5B, that constitute additional repair and
provisioning trouble reports, within 30 calendar days following the installation date  Number of all
repair and provisioning trouble reports relating to inward line service orders closed In the reporting
period, as defined above under OP-5A or OP-5B) x 100
Exclusions:
Applicable to OP-5A, OP-5T and OP-5R:
 Repair trouble reports attributable to CLEC or coded to non-Qwest reasons as follows:
 For products measured from MTAS data, repair trouble reports coded to disposition codes for:
 Customer Action; Non-Telco Plant; Trouble Beyond the Network Interface; and Miscellaneous –
Non-Dispatch, non-Qwest (includes CPE, Customer Instruction, Carrier, Alternate Provider); and
Reports from other than the CLEC/customer that result in a charge if dispatched.
 For products measured from WFA (Workforce Administration) data, repair reports coded to codes for:
 Carrier Action (IEC); Customer Provided Equipment (CPE); Commercial power failure; Customer
requested service order activity; and Other non-Qwest.
 Repair reports coded to disposition codes for referral to another department (i.e., for non-repair ticket
resolutions of non-installation-related problems, except cable cuts, which are not excluded).
Applicable to OP-5B, OP-5T and OP-5R only:
 Provisioning trouble reports attributable to CLEC or non-Qwest causes.
 Call center tickets relating to activities that occur as part of the normal process of conversion (i.e., while
Qwest is actively and properly engaged in process of converting or installing the service). Provisioning
trouble reports involving service orders that, at the time of the calls, have fallen out for manual handling
and been disassociated from the related service order, as applicable, will be considered as not in the
normal process of conversion and will not be excluded.
Applicable to OP-5A, OP-5B, OP-5T and OP-5R:
 Repair or provisioning trouble reports related to service orders captured as misses under measurements
OP-13 (Coordinated Cuts Timeliness) or OP-17 (LNP Timeliness).
 Subsequent repair or provisioning trouble reports of any trouble on the installed service before the
original repair or provisioning trouble report is closed.
 Service orders closed in the reporting period with App Dates earlier than eight months prior to the
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 42

OP- 5 – New Service Quality (continued)
beginning of the reporting period.
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Disconnect, From (another form of disconnect) and Record order types. When out of service or service
affecting problems are reported to the call center on conversion and move requests, the resulting call
center ticket will be included in the calculation of the numerator in association with the related inward
order type even when the call center ticket reflects the problem was caused by the Disconnect or From
order.
 Records involving official Qwest company services.
Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement as defined herein.
Product Reporting Categories: Standards:
 As specified below – one OP-5A: Parity with retail service
percentage result reported for OP-5B: 96.5%
each bulleted category under OP-5T: Diagnostic
the sub-measurements shown. OP-5R: Diagnostic for six months following first reporting.
Possible standard (TBD)
(Where parity comparisons involve multiple service varieties in a
product category, weighting based on the retail analogue volumes may
be used if necessary to create a comparison that is not affected by
different proportions of wholesale and retail analogue volumes in the
same reporting category.)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 43

OP- 5 – New Service Quality (continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
Reported under OP-5A, OP-5B, OP-5T and OP-5R:
OP-5A OP-5B OP-5T &
OP-5R
Resale
Residential single line Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
service
Business single line Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
service
Centrex Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
Centrex 21 Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
PBX Trunks Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
Basic ISDN Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
Primary ISDN Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
DS0 Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
DS1 Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
DS3 and higher bit- Parity with retail service 96.5% Diagnostic
rate services
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Parity with retail service Diagnostic Diagnostic
 Unbundled Network Parity with like retail 96.5% Diagnostic
Element – Platform service
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Parity with retail Centrex 96.5% Diagnostic
Element – Platform 21
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Parity with retail Centrex 96.5% Diagnostic
Element – Platform
(UNE-P) (Centrex)
Line Splitting Parity with retail RES & 96.5% Diagnostic
BUS POTS
Loop Splitting NOTE 8 Diagnostic Diagnostic Diagnostic
Line Sharing Parity with retail RES & 96.5% Diagnostic
BUS POTS
Sub-Loop Unbundling Diagnostic Diagnostic Diagnostic
Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop Parity with retail Res & 96.5% Diagnostic
Bus POTS with dispatch
Non-loaded Loop (2- Parity with retail ISDN 96.5% Diagnostic
wire) BRI (designed)
Non-loaded Loop (4- Parity with retail DS1 96.5% Diagnostic
wire)
DS1-capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 96.5% Diagnostic
xDSL-I capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 96.5% Diagnostic
Private Line
ISDN-capable Loop Parity with retail ISDN 96.5% Diagnostic
BRI (designed)
ADSL-qualified Loop Parity with retail ISDN 96.5% Diagnostic
BRI (designed)
Loop types of DS3 and Parity with retail DS3 96.5% Diagnostic
higher bit-rates and higher bit-rate
(aggregate) services (aggregate)
Dark Fiber - Loop Diagnostic Diagnostic Diagnostic
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 44

OP- 5 – New Service Quality (continued)
 Enhanced Extended Loops Diagnostic until volume 96.5% Diagnostic
(EELs) – (DS0 level) criteria are met
 Enhanced Extended Loops Parity with retail DS1 96.5% Diagnostic
(EELs) – (DS1 level) Private Line
 Enhanced Extended Loops Diagnostic until volume 96.5% Diagnostic
(EELs) – (above DS1 criteria are met
level)
Reported under OP-5A and under OP-5R (per OP-5A specifications):
OP-5A OP-5R
 LIS Trunks Parity with Feature Diagnostic
Group D (aggregate)
Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT (DS1 Level ) Parity with Retail Private Diagnostic
Lines (DS1)
UDIT (Above DS1 Level) Parity with Retail Private Diagnostic
Lines (Above DS1 level)
Dark Fiber - IOF Diagnostic Diagnostic
 E911/911 Trunks Parity with Retail Diagnostic
E911/911 Trunks
Availability: Notes:
1. The specified Change order types representing inward activity exclude Change
Available orders that do not involve installation of lines (in both wholesale and retail results).
Specifically this measurement does not include changes to existing lines, such as
number changes and PIC changes.
2. Including consideration of repeat repair trouble reports (i.e., additional reports of
trouble related to the same newly-installed line/circuit that are received after the
preceding repair report is closed and within 30 days following installation
completion) to complete the determination of whether the newly-installed line/circuit
was trouble free within 30 days of installation.
3. Qwest’s repair management and tracking systems consist of WFA (Work Force
Administration), MTAS (Maintenance Tracking and Administration System), and
successor repair systems, if any, as applicable to obtain the repair report data for
this measurement. Not included are Call Center Database systems supporting call
centers in logging calls from customers regarding problems or other inquiries (see
OP-5B and OP-5T).
4. The “following month” includes also the period of a few business days (typically four
or five) afterward, up to the time when Qwest pulls the repair data to begin
processing results for this measurement.
5. Includes repair and provisioning trouble reports generated by new processes that
supersede or supplement existing processes for submitting repair and provisioning
trouble reports as specified in Qwest’s documented or agreed upon procedures.
6. For purposes of calculating OP-5B, a call center ticket for multiple orders with
provisioning trouble reports will result in all orders reporting trouble counting as a
miss in OP-5B. If a repair trouble report(s) is received for the same orders, the
number of orders counted as a miss in OP-5B for Network reasons will be reduced
by the number of orders with repair troubles counted as a miss in OP-5A.
7. OP-5R will be counted on a per ticket basis.
8. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order the product, in any quantity, for three
consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 45

OP-6 – Delayed Days
Purpose:
Evaluates the extent Qwest is late in installing services for customers, focusing on the average number of
days that late orders are completed beyond the committed due date.
Description:
OP-6A – Measures the average number of business days NOTE 1 that service is delayed beyond the
Applicable Due Date for non-facility reasons attributed to Qwest.
 Includes all inward orders (Change, New, and Transfer order types) that are
completed/closed during the reporting period, later, due to non-facility reasons, than the
Applicable Due Date recorded by Qwest, subject to exclusions specified below.
OP-6B – Measures the average number of business days NOTE 1 that service is delayed beyond the
Applicable Due Date for facility reasons attributed to Qwest.
 Includes all inward orders (Change, New, and Transfer order types) that are
completed/closed during the reporting period later due to facility reasons than the original
due date recorded by Qwest, subject to exclusions specified below.
For both OP-6A and OP-6B:
 Change order types for additional lines consist of “C” orders representing inward activity.
 The Applicable Due Date is the original due date or, if changed or delayed by the customer, the most
recently revised due date, subject to the following: If Qwest changes a due date for Qwest reasons,
the Applicable Due Date is the customer-initiated due date, if any, that is (a) subsequent to the
original due date and (b) prior to a Qwest-initiated, changed due date, if any. NOTE 2
 Time intervals associated with customer-initiated due date changes or delays occurring after the
Applicable Due Date, as applied in the formula below, are calculated by subtracting the latest Qwest-
initiated due date, if any, following the Applicable Due Date, from the subsequent customer-initiated
due date, if any. NOTE 2
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Average Business Days
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
Comparisons:  Results for products/services listed under Product Reporting under “MSA-type
CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation” will be reported for OP-6A and OP-6B according to orders
individual CLEC involving:
and Qwest Retail 1. Dispatches within MSAs;
results 2. Dispatches outside MSAs; and
3. No dispatches.
 Results for products/services listed in Product Reporting under “Zone-type
Disaggregation” will be disaggregated according to installations:
4. In Interval Zone 1 areas; and
5. In Interval Zone 2 areas.
Formula:
OP-6A = [(Actual Completion Date of late order for non-facility reasons) – (Applicable Due Date of late
order) – (Time intervals associated with customer-initiated due date changes or delays
occurring after the Applicable Due Date)]  (Total Number of Late Orders for non-facility
reasons completed in the reporting period)
OP-6B = [(Actual Completion Date of late order for facility reasons) – (Applicable Due Date of late
order)] – (Time intervals associated with customer-initiated due date changes or delays
occurring after the Applicable Due Date)  (Total Number of Late Orders for facility reasons
completed in the reporting period)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 46

OP- 6 – Delayed Days (continued)
Exclusions:
 Orders affected only by delays that are solely for customer and/or CLEC reasons.
 Disconnect, From (another form of disconnect) and Record order types.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid due dates or application dates.
 Records with invalid completion dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Product Reporting: Standards:
MSA-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Residential single line service Parity with retail service
Business single line service Parity with retail service
Centrex Parity with retail service
Centrex 21 Parity with retail service
DS0 (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
Primary ISDN (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN (non-designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with like retail service
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex 21
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex
(UNE-P) (Centrex)
 Line Splitting Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS
 Loop Splitting NOTE 3 Diagnostic
 Line Sharing Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS
 Sub-Loop Unbundling Diagnostic
Zone-type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Primary ISDN (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
DS0 (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
DS1 Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks (designed provisioning) Parity with retail service
DS3 and higher bit-rate services Parity with retail service
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Parity with retail service
 LIS Trunks Parity with Feature Group D (aggregate)
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT – DS1 level Parity with retail DS1 Private Line- Service
UDIT – Above DS1 level Parity with retail Private Line- Services above DS1
level
Dark Fiber – IOF Diagnostic
 Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS with dispatch
Non-loaded Loop (2-wire) Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
Non-loaded Loop (4-wire) Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
DS1-capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
xDSL-I capable Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
ISDN-capable Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
ADSL-qualified Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
Loop types of DS3 and higher bit-rates Parity with retail DS3 and higher bit-rate Private
(aggregate) Line services (aggregate)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 47

OP- 6 – Delayed Days (continued)
Dark Fiber – Loop Diagnostic
 E911/911 Trunks Parity with retail E911/911 Trunks
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS0 Diagnostic
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS1 OP-6A: Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
level) OP-6B: Diagnostic
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS3 Diagnostic
level)
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. For OP-6A-3 and OP-6B-3, Saturday is counted as a business day for
all orders for Resale Residence, Resale Business, and UNE-P
(POTS), as well as for the retail analogues specified above as
standards. For all other products under OP-6A-3 and OP-6B-3, and
for all products under OP-6A-1, -6A-2, -6A-4, -6A-5, -6B-1, -6B-2, -
6B-4, and -6B-5, Saturday is counted as a business day when the
service order is due or completed on Saturday.
2. According to this definition, the Applicable Due Date can change, per
successive customer-initiated due date changes or delays, up to the
point when a Qwest-initiated due date change occurs. At that point,
the Applicable Due Date becomes fixed (i.e., with no further changes)
as the date on which it was set prior to the first Qwest-initiated due
date change, if any. Following the first Qwest-initiated due date
change, any further customer-initiated due date changes or delays are
measured as time intervals that are subtracted as indicated in the
formula. These delay time intervals are calculated as stated in the
description. (Though infrequent, in cases where multiple Qwest-
initiated due date changes occur, the stated method for calculating
delay intervals is applied to each pair of Qwest-initiated due date
change and subsequent customer-initiated due date change or delay.
The intervals thus calculated from each pairing of Qwest and
customer-initiated due dates are summed and then subtracted as
indicated in the formula.) The result of this approach is that Qwest-
initiated impacts on intervals are counted in the reported interval, and
customer-initiated impacts on intervals are not counted in the reported
interval.
3. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order the product, in any
quantity, for three consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 48

OP-7 – Coordinated “Hot Cut” Interval – Unbundled Loop
Purpose:
Evaluates the duration of completing coordinated “hot cuts” of unbundled loops, focusing on the time
actually involved in disconnecting the loop from the Qwest network and connecting/testing the loop.
Description:
Measures the average time to complete coordinated “hot cuts” for unbundled loops, based on intervals
beginning with the “lift” time and ending with the completion time of Qwest’s applicable tests for the
loop.
 Includes all coordinated hot cuts of unbundled loops that are completed/closed during the
reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
 “Hot cut” refers to moving the service of existing customers from Qwest’s switch/frames to the
CLEC’s equipment, via unbundled loops, that will serve the customers.
 “Lift” time is defined as when Qwest disconnects the existing loop.
 ”Completion time” is defined as when Qwest completes the applicable tests after connecting the
loop to the CLEC.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Hours and Minutes
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
aggregate and individual CLEC
results
Formula:
[Completion time – Lift time]  (Total Number of unbundled loops with coordinated cutovers
completed in the reporting period)
Exclusions:
 Time intervals associated with CLEC-caused delays.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
 Invalid start/stop dates/times or invalid scheduled date/times.
Product Reporting: Coordinated Unbundled Standard:
Loops – Reported separately for: CO: 1 hour
 Analog Loops All Other States: Diagnostic in light of OP-13
 All other Loop Types (Coordinated Cuts On Time)
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 49

OP-8 – Number Portability Timeliness
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness of cutovers of local number portability (LNP).
Description:
OP-8B – LNP Timeliness with Loop Coordination (percent): Measures the percentage of coordinated
LNP triggers set prior to the scheduled start time for the loop.
 All orders for LNP coordinated with unbundled loops that are completed/closed during
the reporting period are measured, subject to exclusions specified below.
OP-8C – LNP Timeliness without Loop Coordination (percent): Measures the percentage of LNP
triggers set prior to the Frame Due Time or scheduled start time for the LNP cutover as
applicable.
 All orders for LNP for which coordination with a loop was not requested that are
completed/closed during the reporting period are measured (including standalone LNP
coordinated with other than Qwest-provided Unbundled Loops and non-coordinated,
standalone LNP), subject to exclusions specified below.
 For purposes of these measurements (OP-8B and -8C), “trigger” refers to the “10-digit
unconditional trigger” or Line Side Attribute (LSA) that is set or translated by Qwest.
 “Scheduled start time” is defined as the confirmed appointment time (as stated on the FOC), or a
newly negotiated time. In the case of LNP cutovers coordinated with loops, the scheduled time
used in this measurement will be no later than the “lay” time for the loop.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent of triggers set on time
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate and Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
individual CLEC results
Formula:
OP-8B = [(Number of LNP triggers set before the scheduled time for the coordinated loop cutover) 
(Total Number of LNP activations coordinated with unbundled loops completed)] x 100
OP-8C = [(Number of LNP triggers set before the Frame Due Time or Scheduled Start Time)  (Total
Number of LNP activations without loop cutovers completed)] x 100
Exclusions:
 CLEC-caused delays in trigger setting.
 LNP requests that do not involve automatic triggers (e.g., DID lines without separate, unique
telephone numbers and Centrex 21).
 LNP requests for which the records used as sources of data for these measurements have the
following types of errors:
 Records with no PON (purchase order number) or STATE.
 Records where triggers cannot be set due to switch capabilities.
 Records with invalid due dates, application dates, or start dates.
 Records with invalid completion dates.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
 Invalid start/stop dates/times or invalid frame due or scheduled date/times.
Product Reporting: None Standard: 95%
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 50

OP-13 – Coordinated Cuts On Time – Unbundled Loop
Purpose:
Evaluates the percentage of coordinated cuts of unbundled loops that are completed on time, focusing
on cuts completed within one hour of the committed order due time and the percent that were started
without CLEC approval.
Description:
 Includes all LSRs for coordinated cuts of unbundled loops that are completed/closed during the
reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
 OP-13A – Measures the percentage of LSRs (CLEC orders) for all coordinated cuts of unbundled
loops that are started and completed on time. For coordinated loop cuts to be counted as “on
time” in this measurement, the CLEC must agree to the start time, and Qwest must (1) receive
verbal CLEC approval before starting the cut or lifting the loop, (2) complete the physical work and
appropriate tests, (3) complete the Qwest portion of any associated LNP orders and (4) call the
CLEC with completion information, all within one hour of the time interval defined by the
committed order due time.
 OP-13B – Measures the percentage of all LSRs for coordinated cuts of unbundled loops that are
actually started without CLEC approval.
 “Scheduled start time” is defined as the confirmed appointment time (as stated on the FOC), or a
newly negotiated appointment time.
 The “committed order due time” is based on the number and type of loops involved in the cut and
is calculated by adding the applicable time interval from the following list to the scheduled start
time:
 Analog unbundled loops:
1 to 16 lines: 1 Hour
17 to 24 lines: 2 Hours
25+ lines: Project*
 All other unbundled loops:
1 to 5 lines: 1 Hour
6 to 8 lines: 2 Hours
9 to 11 lines: 3 Hours
12 to 24 lines: 4 Hours
25+ lines: Project*
*For Projects scheduled due dates and scheduled start times will be negotiated between CLEC
and Qwest, but no committed order due time is established. Therefore, projects are not included
in OP-13A (see exclusion below).
 ”Stop” time is defined as when Qwest notifies the CLEC that the Qwest physical work and the
appropriate tests have been successfully accomplished, including the Qwest portion of any
coordinated LNP orders.
 Time intervals following the scheduled start time or during the cutover process associated with
customer-caused delays are subtracted from the actual cutover duration.
 Where Qwest’s records of completed coordinated cut transactions are missing evidence of CLEC
approval of the cutover, the cut will be counted as a miss under both OP-13A and OP-13B.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
aggregate and individual CLEC Results for this measurement will be reported according to:
results OP-13A Cuts Completed On Time
OP-13B Cuts Started Without CLEC Approval
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 51

OP-13 – Coordinated Cuts On Time – Unbundled Loop (continued)
Formula:
OP-13A = [(Count of LSRs for Coordinated Unbundled Loop cuts completed “On Time”)  (Total
Number of LSRs for Coordinated Unbundled Loop Cuts completed in the reporting period)]
x 100
OP-13B = [(Count of LSRs for Coordinated Unbundled Loop cuts whose actual start time occurs
without CLEC approval)  (Total Number of LSRs for Coordinated Unbundled Loop Cuts
completed in the reporting period)] x 100
Exclusions:
Applicable to OP-13A:
 Loop cuts that involve CLEC-requested non-standard methodologies, processes, or timelines.
OP-13A & OP-13B:
 Records with invalid completion dates.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID which are not
otherwise designated to be “counted as a miss”.
 Invalid start/stop dates/times or invalid scheduled date/times.
 Projects involving 25 or more lines.
Product Reporting: Coordinated Unbundled Standards:
Loops – Reported separately for: OP-13A:
 Analog Loops AZ: 90 Percent or more
 All Other Loops All Other States: 95 Percent or more
OP-13B: Diagnostic
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 52

OP-15 – Interval for Pending Orders Delayed Past Due Date
Purpose:
Evaluates the extent to which Qwest’s pending orders are late, focusing on the average number of days the
pending orders are delayed past the Applicable Due Date, as of the end of the reporting period.
Description:
OP-15A – Measures the average number of business days that pending orders are delayed beyond the
Applicable Due Date for reasons attributed to Qwest.
 Includes all pending inward orders (Change, New, and Transfer order types) for which the Applicable
Due Date recorded by Qwest has been missed, subject to exclusions specified below. Change order
types included in this measurement consist of all “C” orders representing inward activity.
 The Applicable Due Date is the original due date or, if changed or delayed by the customer, the most
recently revised due date, subject to the following: If Qwest changes a due date for Qwest reasons, the
Applicable Due Date is the customer-initiated due date, if any, that is (a) subsequent to the original due
date and (b) prior to a Qwest-initiated, changed due date, if any. NOTE 1
 Time intervals associated with customer-initiated due date changes or delays occurring after the
Applicable Due Date, as applied in the formula below, are calculated by subtracting the latest Qwest-
initiated due date, if any, following the Applicable Due Date, from the subsequent customer-initiated due
date, if any. NOTE 1
OP-15B – Reports the number of pending orders measured in the numerator of OP-15A that were delayed
for Qwest facility reasons.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure:
OP-15A – Average Business Days NOTE 2
OP-15B – Number of orders pending facilities
Reporting Comparisons: Disaggregation Reporting:
CLEC aggregate, individual CLEC, Qwest retail Statewide
Formula:
OP-15A = [(Last Day of Reporting Period) – (Applicable Due Date of Late Pending Order) - (Time
intervals associated with customer-initiated due date changes or delays occurring after the
Applicable Due Date)]  (Total Number of Pending Orders Delayed for Qwest reasons as of the
last day of Reporting Period)
OP-15B = Count of pending orders measured in numerator of OP-15A that were delayed for Qwest facility
reasons
Exclusions:
 Disconnect, From (another form of disconnect) and Record order types.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid due dates or application dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 53

OP-15 – Interval for Pending Orders Delayed Past Due Date (continued)
Product Reporting: Standards: OP-15B = diagnostic only
For OP-15A:
 Resale
Residential single line service Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
Business single line service Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
Centrex Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
Centex 21 Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
PBX Trunk Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
Basic ISDN Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service
Primary ISDN Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
DS0 Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
DS1 Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
DS3 and higher bit-rate services Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail service)
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail Centrex 21)
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail Centrex)
(UNE-P) (Centrex )
 Line Splitting Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail Res and
Bus POTS)
 Loop Splitting NOTE 3 Diagnostic
 Line Sharing Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail Res and
Bus POTS)
 Sub-Loop Unbundling Diagnostic
 LIS Trunks Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with Feature Group D
(aggregate)) (separately reported)
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT – DS1 level Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with DS1 Private
Line- Service)
UDIT – Above DS1 level Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with Private Line-
Services above DS1 level)
Dark Fiber – IOF Diagnostic
 Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail Res and
Bus POTS with dispatch)
Non-loaded Loop (2-wire) Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail ISDN BRI
(designed))
Non-loaded Loop (4-wire) Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail DS1)
DS1-capable Loop Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail DS1)
ISDN-capable Loop Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with ISDN BRI
(designed))
ADSL-qualified Loop Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail ISDN BRI
(designed))
Loop types of DS3 or higher bit rate Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail DS3 and
(aggregate) higher bit-rate services (aggregate)
Dark Fiber – Loop Diagnostic
 E911/911 Trunks Diagnostic (Expectation: Parity with retail E911/911
Trunks)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) Diagnostic
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 54

OP-15 – Interval for Pending Orders Delayed Past Due Date (continued)
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. According to this definition, the Applicable Due Date can change, per
successive customer-initiated due date changes or delays, up to the point
when a Qwest-initiated due date change occurs. At that point, the Applicable
Due Date becomes fixed (i.e., with no further changes) as the date on which it
was set prior to the first Qwest-initiated due date change, if any. Following
the first Qwest-initiated due date change, any further customer-initiated due
date changes or delays are measured as time intervals that are subtracted as
indicated in the formula. These delay time intervals are calculated as stated
in the description. (Though infrequent, in cases where multiple Qwest-
initiated due date changes occur, the stated method for calculating delay
intervals is applied to each pair of Qwest-initiated due date change and
subsequent customer-initiated due date change or delay. The intervals thus
calculated from each pairing of Qwest and customer-initiated due dates are
summed and then subtracted as indicated in the formula.) The result of this
approach is that Qwest-initiated impacts on intervals are counted in the
reported interval, and customer-initiated impacts on intervals are not counted
in the reported interval.
2. For OP-15A, Saturday is counted as a business day for all non-dispatched
orders for Resale Residence, Resale Business, and UNE-P (POTS), as well
as for non-dispatched orders in the retail analogues specified above as
standards. For all other non-dispatched products and for all dispatched
products under OP-15A, Saturday is not counted as a business day.
3. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order the product, in any quantity, for
three consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 55

OP-17 – Timeliness of Disconnects associated with LNP Orders
Purpose:
Evaluates the quality of Qwest completing LNP telephone number porting, focusing on the degree to
which porting occurs without implementing associated disconnects before the scheduled time/date.
Description:
OP-17A
 Measures the percentage of all LNP telephone numbers (TNs), both stand alone and associated with
loops, that are ported without the incidence of disconnects being made by Qwest before the
scheduled time/date, as identified by associated qualifying trouble reports.
 Focuses on disconnects associated with timely CLEC requests for delaying the disconnects or no
requests for delays.
 The scheduled time/date is defined as 11:59 p.m. on (1) the due date of the LNP order recorded
by Qwest or (2) the delayed disconnect date requested by the CLEC, where the CLEC submits a
timely request for delay of disconnection.
 A CLEC request for delay of disconnection is considered timely if received by Qwest before 8:00
p.m. MT on the current due date of the LNP order recorded by Qwest.
OP-17B
 Measures the percentage of all LNP telephone numbers (TNs), both stand alone and associated
with loops, that are ported without the incidence of disconnects being made by Qwest before the
scheduled time/date, as identified by associated qualifying trouble reports.
 Includes only disconnects associated with untimely CLEC requests for delaying the
disconnects.
 A CLEC request for delay of disconnection is considered "untimely" if received by Qwest
after 8:00 p.m. MT on the current due date of the LNP order recorded by Qwest and before
12:00 p.m. MT (noon) on the day after the current due date.
 Disconnects are defined as the removal of switch translations, including the 10-digit trigger.
 Disconnects that are implemented early, and thus counted as a “miss” under this measurement, are
those that the CLEC identifies as such to Qwest via trouble reports, within four calendar days of the
actual disconnect date, that are confirmed to be caused by disconnects being made before the
scheduled time.
 Includes all CLEC orders for LNP TNs completed in the reporting period, subject to exclusions
specified below.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Aggregate Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide
and Individual CLEC
Formula:
[(Total number of LNP TNs ported pursuant to orders completed in the reporting period – Number of TNs
with qualifying trouble reports notifying Qwest that disconnection before the scheduled time has occurred)
 Total Number of LNP TNs ported pursuant to orders completed in the reporting period] x 100
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 56

OP-17 – Timeliness of Disconnects associated with LNP Orders (continued)
Exclusions:
OP-17A only
 Trouble reports notifying Qwest of early disconnects associated with situations for which the CLEC
has failed to submit timely requests to have disconnects held for later implementation.
OP-17A & B
 Trouble reports not related to valid requests (LSRs) for LNP and associated disconnects.
 LNP requests that do not involve automatic triggers (e.g., DID lines without separate, unique TNs,
and Centrex 21).
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
 Records with invalid cleared, closed or due dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
OP-17B only
 Trouble reports notifying Qwest of early disconnects associated with situations for which the CLEC
did not submit its untimely requests by 12:00 p.m. MT (noon) on the day after the LNP due date to
have disconnects held for later implementation.
Product Reporting: LNP Standards:
OP-17A – 98.25%
OP-17B – Diagnostic only, in light of its measuring
only requests for delay of disconnect
that are defined as untimely.
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 57

Maintenance and Repair
MR-2 – Calls Answered within 20 Seconds – Interconnect Repair Center
Purpose:
Evaluates Customer access to Qwest’s Interconnection and/or Retail Repair Center(s), focusing on
the number of calls answered within 20 seconds.
Description:
Measures the percentage of Interconnection and/or Retail Repair Center calls answered within 20
seconds of the first ring.
 Includes all calls to the Interconnect Repair Center during the reporting period, subject to
exclusions specified below.
 First ring is defined as when the customer’s call is first placed in queue by the ACD (Automatic
Call Distributor).
 Answer is defined as when the call is first picked up by the Qwest agent.
 Abandoned calls and busy calls are counted as calls which are not answered within 20 seconds.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate and Disaggregation Reporting: Region-wide level.
Qwest Retail levels.
Formula:
[(Total Calls Answered by Center within 20 seconds)  (Total Calls received by Center)] x 100
Exclusions: Time spent in the VRU (Voice Response Unit) is not counted.
Product Reporting: None Standard: Parity
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 58

MR-3 – Out of Service Cleared within 24 Hours
Purpose:
Evaluates timeliness of repair for specified services, focusing on trouble reports where the out-of-
service trouble reports were cleared within the standard estimate for specified services (i.e., 24 hours
for out-of-service conditions).
Description:
Measures the percentage of out of service trouble reports, involving specified services, that are
cleared within 24 hours of receipt of trouble reports from CLECs or from retail customers.
 Includes all trouble reports, closed during the reporting period, which involve a specified service
that is out-of-service (i.e., unable to place or receive calls), subject to exclusions specified below.
 Time measured is from date and time that Qwest is first notified of the trouble by CLEC to date
and time trouble is cleared.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
Comparisons:  Results for product/services listed in Product Reporting under “MSA-Type
CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation” will be disaggregated and reported according to trouble
individual CLEC reports involving:
and Qwest Retail MR-3A Dispatches within MSAs;
results MR-3B Dispatches outside MSAs; and
MR-3C No dispatches.
 Results for products/services listed in Product Reporting under “Zone-type
Disaggregation” will be disaggregated according to trouble reports involving:
MR-3D In Interval Zone 1 areas; and
MR-3E In Interval Zone 2 areas.
Formula:
[(Number of Out of Service Trouble Reports closed in the reporting period that are cleared within 24
hours)  (Total Number of Out of Service Trouble Reports closed in the reporting period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Trouble reports coded as follows:
 For products measured from MTAS data (products listed for MSA-type disaggregation),
trouble reports coded to disposition codes for: Customer Action; Non-Telco Plant; Trouble
Beyond the Network Interface; and Miscellaneous – Non-Dispatch, non-Qwest (includes CPE,
Customer Instruction, Carrier, Alternate Provider).
 For products measured from WFA (Workforce Administration) data (products listed for Zone-
type disaggregation) trouble reports coded to trouble codes for Carrier Action (IEC) and
Customer Provided Equipment (CPE).
 Subsequent trouble reports of any trouble before the original trouble report is closed.
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Time delays due to “no access” are excluded from repair time for products/services listed in
Product Reporting under “Zone-type Disaggregation”.
 For products measured from MTAS data (products listed for MSA-type disaggregation), trouble
reports involving a "no access" delay.
 Trouble reports on the day of installation before the installation work is reported by the
technician/installer as complete.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
 Records with invalid cleared or closed dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 59

MR-3 – Out of Service Cleared within 24 Hours (Continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
MSA-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Residential single line service Parity with retail service
Business single line service Parity with retail service
Centrex Parity with retail service
Centrex 21 Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN Parity with retail service
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with appropriate retail service
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex 21
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex
(UNE-P) (Centrex)
 Line Splitting Parity with retail RES and BUS POTS
 Loop Splitting NOTE 1 Diagnostic
 Line Sharing Parity with retail RES and BUS POTS
 Sub-Loop Unbundling CO: Parity with retail ISDN-BRI
All Other States: Diagnostic
Zone-type Disaggregation -
 Unbundled Loops
Analog Loop Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS
Non-loaded Loop (2 wire) Parity with retail ISDN-BRI (designed)
xDSL-I capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
ISDN-capable Loop Parity with ISDN-BRI (designed)
ADSL-qualified Loop Parity with retail ISDN-BRI (designed)
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order
the product, in any quantity, for three
consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 60

MR-4 – All Troubles Cleared within 48 hours
Purpose:
Evaluates timeliness of repair for specified services, focusing on trouble reports of all types (both out
of service and service affecting) and on the number of such trouble reports cleared within the standard
estimate for specified services (i.e., 48 hours for service-affecting conditions).
Description:
Measures the percentage of trouble reports, for specified services, that are cleared within 48 hours of
receipt of trouble reports from CLECs or from retail customers.
 Includes all trouble reports, closed during the reporting period, which involve a specified service,
subject to exclusions specified below.
 Time measured is from date and time that Qwest is first notified of the trouble by CLEC to date
and time trouble is cleared.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
Comparisons:  Results for product/services listed in Product Reporting under “MSA-Type
CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation” will be disaggregated and reported according to trouble
individual CLEC reports involving:
and Qwest Retail MR-4A Dispatches within MSAs;
results MR-4B Dispatches outside MSAs; and
MR-4C No dispatches.
 Results for products/services listed in Product Reporting under “Zone-type
Disaggregation” will be disaggregated according to trouble reports involving:
MR-4D In Interval Zone 1 areas; and
MR-4E In Interval Zone 2 areas
Formula:
[(Total Trouble Reports closed in the reporting period that are cleared within 48 hours)  (Total Trouble
Reports closed in the reporting period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Trouble reports coded as follows:
 For products measured from MTAS data (products listed for MSA-type disaggregation),
trouble reports coded to disposition codes for: Customer Action; Non-Telco Plant; Trouble
Beyond the Network Interface; and Miscellaneous – Non-Dispatch, non-Qwest (includes CPE,
Customer Instruction, Carrier, Alternate Provider).
 For products measured from WFA (Workforce Administration) data (products listed for Zone-
type disaggregation) trouble reports coded to trouble codes for Carrier Action (IEC) and
Customer Provided Equipment (CPE).
 Subsequent trouble reports of any trouble before the original trouble report is closed.
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Time delays due to “no access” are excluded from repair time for products/services listed in
Product Reporting under “Zone-type Disaggregation”.
 For products measured from MTAS data (products listed for MSA-type disaggregation), trouble
reports involving a "no access" delay.
 Trouble reports on the day of installation before the installation work is reported by the
technician/installer as complete.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
 Records with invalid cleared or closed dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 61

MR-4 – All Troubles Cleared within 48 Hours (Continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
MSA-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Residential single line service Parity with retail service
Business single line service Parity with retail service
Centrex Parity with retail service
Centrex 21 Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN Parity with retail service
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with appropriate retail service
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex 21
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex
(UNE-P) (Centrex)
 Line Splitting Parity with retail RES and BUS POTS
 Loop Splitting NOTE 1 Diagnostic
 Line Sharing Parity with retail RES and BUS POTS
 Sub-Loop Unbundling Diagnostic
Zone-Type Disaggregation -
 Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS
Non-loaded Loop (2 wire) Parity with retail ISDN-BRI (designed)
xDSL-I capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
ISDN-capable Loop Parity with retail ISDN-BRI (designed)
ADSL-qualified Loop Parity with retail ISDN-BRI (designed)
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order
the product, in any quantity, for three
consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 62

MR-5 – All Troubles Cleared within 4 hours
Purpose:
Evaluates timeliness of repair for specified services, focusing on all trouble reports of all types
(including out of service and service affecting troubles) and on the number of such trouble reports
cleared within the standard estimate for specified services (i.e., 4 hours).
Description:
Measures the percentage of trouble reports for specified services that are cleared within 4 hours of
receipt of trouble reports from CLECs or from retail customers.
 Includes all trouble reports, closed during the reporting period, which involve a specified service,
subject to exclusions specified below.
 Time measured is from date and time that Qwest is first notified of the trouble by CLEC to date and
time trouble is cleared.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
CLEC aggregate, individual Results for listed products will be disaggregated according to trouble
CLEC and Qwest Retail results reports:
MR-5A In Interval Zone 1 areas; and
MR-5B In Interval Zone 2 areas.
Formula:
[(Number of Trouble Reports closed in the reporting period that are cleared within 4 hours)  (Total
Trouble Reports closed in the reporting period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Trouble reports coded as follows:
 For products measured using WFA (Workforce Administration) data (products listed for Zone-
type disaggregation) trouble reports coded to trouble codes for Carrier Action (IEC) and
Customer Provided Equipment (CPE).
 Subsequent trouble reports of any trouble before the original trouble report is closed.
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Time delays due to “no access” are excluded from repair time.
 Trouble reports on the day of installation before the installation work is reported by the
technician/installer as complete.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
 Records with invalid cleared or closed dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 63

MR-5 – All Troubles Cleared within 4 hours (continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
Zone-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Primary ISDN Parity with retail service
DS0 Parity with retail service
DS1 Parity with retail service
DS3 and higher bit-rate services Parity with retail service
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Parity with retail service
 LIS Trunks Parity with Feature Group D (aggregate)
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT – DS1 level Parity with DS1 Private Line Service
UDIT – Above DS1 level Parity with Private Line Services above DS1 level
 Unbundled Loops:
Non-loaded Loop (4-wire) Parity with retail DS1
DS1-capable Loop Parity with retail DS1
Loop types of DS3 and higher bit-rates Parity with retail DS3 and higher bit-rate services
(aggregate) (aggregate)
 E911/911 Trunks Parity with retail E911/911 Trunks
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS0 Diagnostic
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS1 Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS3 Diagnostic
level)
Availability: Notes:
Available .
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 64

MR-6 – Mean Time to Restore
Purpose:
Evaluates timeliness of repair, focusing how long it takes to restore services to proper operation.
Description:
Measures the time actually taken to clear trouble reports.
 Includes all trouble reports closed during the reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
 Includes customer direct reports, customer-relayed reports, and test assist reports that result in a
trouble report.
 Time measured is from date and time that Qwest is first notified of the trouble by CLEC to date and
time trouble is cleared.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Hours and Minutes
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
Comparisons:  Results for product/services listed in Product Reporting under “MSA-Type
CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation” will be reported according to trouble reports involving:
individual CLEC MR-6A Dispatches within MSAs;
and Qwest Retail MR-6B Dispatches outside MSAs; and
results MR-6C No dispatches.
 Results for products/services listed in Product Reporting under “Zone-type
Disaggregation” will be disaggregated according to trouble reports involving:
MR-6D In Interval Zone 1 areas; and
MR-6E In Interval Zone 2 areas.
Formula:
[(Date & Time Trouble Report Cleared) – (Date & Time Trouble Report Opened)]  (Total number of
Trouble Reports closed in the reporting period)
Exclusions:
 Trouble reports coded as follows:
 For products measured from MTAS data (products listed for MSA-type disaggregation), trouble
reports coded to disposition codes for: Customer Action; Non-Telco Plant; Trouble Beyond the
Network Interface; and Miscellaneous – Non-Dispatch, non-Qwest (includes CPE, Customer
Instruction, Carrier, Alternate Provider).
 For products measured from WFA (Workforce Administration) data (products listed for Zone-
type disaggregation) trouble reports coded to trouble codes for Carrier Action (IEC) and
Customer Provided Equipment (CPE).
 Subsequent trouble reports of any trouble before the original trouble report is closed.
 Trouble reports from MTAS or WFA that are coded as No Trouble Found or Test Okay and with
durations of less than or equal to 1 hour.
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Time delays due to “no access” are excluded from repair time for products/services listed in Product
Reporting under “Zone-type Disaggregation”.
 For products measured from MTAS data (products listed for MSA-type disaggregation), trouble
reports involving a "no access" delay.
 Trouble reports on the day of installation before the installation work is reported by the
technician/installer as complete.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
 Records with invalid cleared or closed dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 65

MR-6 – Mean Time to Restore (Continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
MSA-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Residential single line service Parity with retail service
Business single line service Parity with retail service
Centrex Parity with retail service
Centrex 21 Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN Parity with retail service
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with like retail service
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex 21
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex
(UNE-P) (Centrex)
 Line Splitting Parity with retail RES and BUS POTS
 Loop Splitting NOTE 1 Diagnostic
 Line Sharing Parity with retail RES and BUS POTS
 Sub-Loop Unbundling CO: Parity with retail ISDN-BRI
All Other States: Diagnostic
Zone-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Primary ISDN Parity with retail service
DS0 Parity with retail service
DS1 Parity with retail service
DS3 and higher bit-rate services Parity with retail service
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Parity with retail service
 LIS Trunks Parity with Feature Group D (aggregate)
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT – DS1 level Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
UDIT – Above DS1 level Parity with retail Private Lines above DS1 level
Dark Fiber – IOF Diagnostic
 Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS
Non-loaded Loop (2-wire) Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
Non-loaded Loop (4-wire) Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
DS1-capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
xDSL-I capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
ISDN-capable Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
ADSL-qualified Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
Loop types of DS3 and higher bit-rates Parity with retail DS3 and higher bit-rate Private
(aggregate) Line services (aggregate)
Dark Fiber – Loop Diagnostic
 E911/911 Trunks Parity with retail E911/911 Trunks
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS0 Diagnostic
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS1 Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS3 Diagnostic
level)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 66

MR-6 – Mean Time to Restore (Continued)
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order
the product, in any quantity, for three
consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 67

MR-7 – Repair Repeat Report Rate
Purpose:
Evaluates the accuracy of repair actions, focusing on the number of repeated trouble reports received
for the same line/circuit within a specified period (30 calendar days).
Description:
Measures the percentage of trouble reports that are repeated within 30 days on end user lines and
circuits.
 Includes all trouble reports closed during the reporting period that have a repeated trouble report
received within thirty (30) days of the initial trouble report for the same service (regardless of
whether the report is about the same type of trouble for that service), subject to exclusions
specified below.
 In determining same service Qwest will compare the end user telephone number or circuit access
code of the initial trouble reports closed during the reporting period with reports received within 30
days of when the initial trouble report closed.
 Includes reports due to Qwest network or system causes, customer-direct and customer-relayed
reports.
 The 30-day period applied in the numerator of the formula below is from the date and time that the
initial trouble report is closed to the date and time that the next, or “repeat” trouble report is
received (i.e., opened).
Reporting Period: One month, reported in Unit of Measure: Percent
arrears (i.e., results first appear in reports one
month later than results for measurements that
are not reported in arrears), in order to cover the
30-day period following the initial trouble report.
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
Comparisons:  Results for product/services listed in Product Reporting under “MSA-Type
CLEC Disaggregation” will be reported according to trouble reports involving:
aggregate, MR-7A Dispatches within MSAs;
individual MR-7B Dispatches outside MSAs; and
CLEC and MR-7C No dispatches.
Qwest Retail  Results for products/services listed in Product Reporting under “Zone-type
results Disaggregation” will be disaggregated according to trouble reports involving:
MR-7D In Interval Zone 1 areas; and
MR-7E In Interval Zone 2 areas.
Formula:
[(Total trouble reports closed within the reporting period that had a repeated trouble report received
within 30 calendar days of when the initial trouble report closed)  (Total number of Trouble Reports
Closed in the reporting period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Trouble reports coded as follows:
 For products measured from MTAS data (products listed for MSA-type disaggregation),
trouble reports coded to disposition codes for: Customer Action; Non-Telco Plant; Trouble
Beyond the Network Interface; and Miscellaneous – Non-Dispatch, non-Qwest (includes CPE,
Customer Instruction, Carrier, Alternate Provider).
 For products measured from WFA (Workforce Administration) data (products listed for Zone-
type disaggregation) trouble reports coded to trouble codes for Carrier Action (IEC) and
Customer Provided Equipment (CPE).
 Subsequent trouble reports of any trouble before the original trouble report is closed.
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Trouble reports on the day of installation before the installation work is reported by the
technician/installer as complete.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 68

MR-7 – Repair Repeat Report Rate (Continued)
 Records with invalid cleared or closed dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Product Reporting: Standards:
MSA-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Residential single line service Parity with retail service
Business single line service Parity with retail service
Centrex Parity with retail service
Centrex 21 Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN Parity with retail service
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with like retail service
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex 21
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform (UNE- Parity with retail Centrex
P) (Centrex)
 Line Splitting Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS
 Loop Splitting NOTE 1 Diagnostic
 Line Sharing AZ & CO: Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS
All Other States: Diagnostic Comparison with
retail Res and Bus POTS
 Sub-Loop Unbundling CO: Parity with Retail ISDN-BRI
All Other States: Diagnostic
Zone-Type Disaggregation -
 Resale
Primary ISDN Parity with retail service
DS0 Parity with retail service
DS1 Parity with retail service
DS3 and higher bit-rate services Parity with retail service
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Parity with retail service
 LIS Trunks Parity with Feature Group D (aggregate)
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT – DS1 level Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
UDIT – Above DS1 level Parity with retail Private Lines above DS1 level
Dark Fiber – IOF Diagnostic
 Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS
Non-loaded Loop (2-wire) Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
Non-loaded Loop (4-wire) Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
DS1-capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
xDSL-I capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
ISDN-capable Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
ADSL-qualified Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
Loop types of DS3 and higher bit-rates Parity with retail DS3 and higher bit-rate Private
(aggregate) Line services (aggregate)
Dark Fiber – Loop Diagnostic
 E911/911 Trunks Parity with retail E911/911 Trunks
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 69

MR-7 – Repair Repeat Report Rate (Continued)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS0 Diagnostic
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS1 Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS3 Diagnostic
level)
Availability: Notes:
Targeted availability with July 2004 1. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order
results reported in September 2004 the product, in any quantity, for three
consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 70

MR-8 – Trouble Rate
Purpose:
Evaluates the overall rate of trouble reports as a percentage of the total installed base of the service or
element.
Description:
Measures trouble reports by product and compares them to the number of lines in service.
 Includes all trouble reports closed during the reporting period, subject to exclusions specified
below.
 Includes all applicable trouble reports, including those that are out of service and those that are
only service-affecting.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
individual CLEC and Qwest Retail results
Formula:
[(Total number of trouble reports closed in the reporting period involving the specified service
grouping)  (Total number of the specified services that are in service in the reporting period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Trouble reports coded as follows:
 For products measured from MTAS data, trouble reports coded to disposition codes for:
Customer Action; Non-Telco Plant; Trouble Beyond the Network Interface; and Miscellaneous
– Non-Dispatch, non-Qwest (includes CPE, Customer Instruction, Carrier, Alternate Provider).
 For products measured from WFA data trouble reports coded to trouble codes for Carrier
Action (IEC) and Customer Provided Equipment (CPE).
 Subsequent trouble reports of any trouble before the original trouble report is closed.
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Trouble reports on the day of installation before the installation work is reported by the
technician/installer as complete.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
 Records with invalid cleared or closed dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 71

MR-8 – Trouble Rate (continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
 Resale
Residential single line service Parity with retail service
Business single line service Parity with retail service
Centrex Parity with retail service
Centrex 21 Parity with retail service
PBX Trunks Parity with retail service
Basic ISDN Parity with retail service
Primary ISDN Parity with retail service
DS0 Parity with retail service
DS1 Parity with retail service
DS3 and higher bit-rate services Parity with retail service
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Parity with retail service
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with like retail service
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Parity with retail Centrex 21
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Parity with retail Centrex
Platform(UNE-P) (Centrex)
 Line Splitting Parity with retail RES and BUS POTS
 Loop Splitting NOTE 1 Diagnostic
 Line Sharing Parity with retail RES and BUS POTS
 Sub-Loop Unbundling CO: Parity with retail ISDN-BRI
All Other States: Diagnostic
 LIS Trunks Parity with Feature Group D (aggregate)
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT – DS1 level Parity with retail DS1 Private Line Service
UDIT – Above DS1 level Parity with retail Private Lines above DS1 level
Dark Fiber – IOF Diagnostic
 Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop Parity with retail Res and Bus POTS
Non-loaded Loop (2-wire) Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
Non-loaded Loop (4-wire) Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
DS1-capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
xDSL-I capable Loop Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
ISDN-capable Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
ADSL-qualified Loop Parity with retail ISDN BRI (designed)
Loop types of DS3 and higher bit-rates Parity with retail DS3 and higher bit-rate services
(aggregate) (aggregate)
Dark Fiber – Loop Diagnostic
 E911/911 Trunks Parity with retail E911/911 Trunks
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS0 Diagnostic
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS1 Parity with retail DS1 Private Line
level)
 Enhanced Extended Loops (EELs) – (DS3 Diagnostic
level)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 72

MR-8 – Trouble Rate (continued)
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Reporting will begin at the time CLECs order
the product, in any quantity, for three
consecutive months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 73

MR-9 – Repair Appointments Met
Purpose:
Evaluates the extent to which Qwest repairs services for Customers by the appointment date and time.
Description:
Measures the percentage of trouble reports for which the appointment date and time is met.
 Includes all trouble reports closed during the reporting period, subject to exclusions specified
below.
 Time measured is from date and time that Qwest is first notified of the trouble by CLEC to date
and time trouble is cleared.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
Comparisons: CLEC Results for listed services will be disaggregated and reported
aggregate, individual according to trouble reports involving:
CLEC and Qwest Retail MR-9A Dispatches within MSAs;
results MR-9B Dispatches outside MSAs; and
MR-9C No dispatches.
Formula:
[(Total Trouble Reports Cleared by appointment date and time)  (Total Trouble Reports Closed in the
Reporting Period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Trouble reports coded as follows:
 For products measured from MTAS data, trouble reports coded to disposition codes for:
Customer Action; Non-Telco Plant; Trouble Beyond the Network Interface; and Miscellaneous
– Non-Dispatch, non-Qwest (includes CPE, Customer Instruction, Carrier, Alternate Provider).
 Subsequent trouble reports of any trouble before the original trouble report is closed.
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Time delays due to “no access” are excluded from repair time by using the rescheduled
appointment time to determine if the repair appointment is met.
 Trouble reports on the day of installation before the installation work is reported by the
technician/installer as complete.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
 Records with invalid cleared or closed dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Product Reporting: Standard: Parity
Resale:
Residential single line service
Business single line service
Centrex
Centrex 21
PBX Trunks
Basic ISDN
Unbundled Elements – Platform (UNE-P)
(POTS)
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 74

MR-10 – Customer and Non-Qwest Related Trouble Reports
Purpose:
Evaluates the extent that trouble reports were customer related, and provides diagnostic information
to help address potential issues that might be raised by the core maintenance and repair performance
indicators.
Description:
Measures the percentage of all trouble reports that are attributed to the customer as a percentage of
all trouble reports resolved during the reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
Includes trouble reports closed during the reporting period coded as follows:
 For products measured from MTAS data, trouble reports coded to disposition codes for: Customer
Action; Non-Telco Plant, Trouble Beyond the Network Interface; and Miscellaneous – Non-
Dispatch, non-Qwest (includes CPE, Customer Instruction, Carrier, Alternate Provider) and trouble
reports involving a "no access" delay for MSA type disaggregated products.
 For products measured from WFA (Workforce Administration) data trouble reports coded to
trouble codes for Carrier Action (IEC) and Customer Provided Equipment (CPE).
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
individual CLEC and Qwest Retail results
Formula:
[(Number of Trouble Reports coded to disposition codes specified above)  (Total Number of Trouble
Reports Closed in the Reporting Period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Subsequent trouble reports of any trouble before the original trouble report is closed
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
 Records with invalid cleared or closed dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
 Trouble reports on the day of installation before the installation work is reported by the
technician/installer as complete.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 75

MR-10 Customer and Non-Qwest Related Trouble Reports (continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
 Resale
Residential single line service Diagnostic
Business single line service Diagnostic
Centrex Diagnostic
Centrex 21 Diagnostic
PBX Trunks Diagnostic
Basic ISDN Diagnostic
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Diagnostic
(UNE-P) (POTS)
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Diagnostic
(UNE-P) (Centrex 21 )
 Unbundled Network Element – Platform Diagnostic
(UNE-P) (Centrex)
 Resale
Primary ISDN Diagnostic
DS0 Diagnostic
DS1 Diagnostic
DS3 and higher bit-rate services Diagnostic
(aggregate)
Frame Relay Diagnostic
 LIS Trunks Diagnostic
 Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport (UDIT)
UDIT – DS1 level Diagnostic
UDIT – Above DS1 level Diagnostic
 Unbundled Loops:
Analog Loop Diagnostic
Non-loaded Loop (2-wire) Diagnostic
Non-loaded Loop (4-wire) Diagnostic
DS1-capable Loop Diagnostic
xDSL-I capable Loop Diagnostic
ISDN-capable Loop Diagnostic
ADSL-qualified Loop Diagnostic
Loop types of DS3 and higher bit-rates Diagnostic
(aggregate)
 E911/911 Trunks Diagnostic
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 76

MR-11 – LNP Trouble Reports Cleared within Specified Timeframes
Purpose:
Evaluates timeliness of clearing LNP trouble reports, focusing on the degree to which residence and
business, disconnect-related, out-of-service trouble reports are cleared within four business hours and all
LNP-related trouble reports are cleared within 48 hours.
Description:
MR-11A: Measures the percentage of specified LNP-only (i.e., not unbundled-loop), residence and
business, out-of-service trouble reports that are cleared within four business hours of Qwest
receiving these trouble reports from CLECs.
 Includes only trouble reports that are received on or before the currently-scheduled due date
of the actual LNP-related disconnect time/date, or the next business day, that are confirmed
to be caused by disconnects being made before the scheduled time, and that are closed
during the reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
MR-11B: Measures the percentage of specified LNP-only trouble reports that are cleared within 48 hours
of Qwest receiving these trouble reports from CLECs.
 Includes all LNP-only trouble reports, received within four calendar days of the actual LNP-
related disconnect date and closed during the reporting period.
 The “currently-scheduled due date/time” is the original due date/time established by Qwest in
response to CLEC/customer request for disconnection of service ported via LNP or, if CLEC submits
to Qwest a timely or untimely request for delay of disconnection, it is the CLEC/customer-requested
later date/time.
 A request for delay of disconnection is considered timely if received by Qwest before 8:00 p.m. MT
on the due date that Qwest has on record at the time of the request.
 A request for delay of disconnection is considered untimely if received by Qwest after 8:00 p.m. MT
on the due date and before 12:00 p.m. MT (noon) on the day after the due date
 Time measured is from the date and time Qwest receives the trouble report to the date and time
trouble is cleared.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC Aggregate and Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level (all are
Individual CLEC “non-dispatched”).
Formula:
MR-11A = [(Number of specified out-of-service LNP-only Trouble Reports, for LNP-related troubles
confirmed to be caused by disconnects, that Qwest executed before the currently-scheduled
due date/time, that were closed in the reporting period and cleared within four business
hours)  (Total Number of specified out of service LNP-only Trouble Reports for LNP-related
troubles confirmed to be caused by disconnects that Qwest executed before the currently-
scheduled due date/time, that were closed in the reporting period)] x 100
MR-11B = [(Number of specified LNP-only Trouble Reports closed in the reporting period that were
cleared within 48 hours)  (Total Number of specified LNP-only Trouble Reports closed in the
reporting period)] x 100
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 77

MR-11 – LNP Trouble Reports Cleared within Specified Timeframes (Continued)
Exclusions:
 Trouble reports attributed to customer or non-Qwest reasons
 Trouble reports not related to valid requests (LSRs) for LNP and associated disconnects.
 Subsequent trouble reports of LNP trouble before the original trouble report is closed.
 For MR-11B only: Trouble reports involving a “no access” delay.
 Information tickets generated for internal Qwest system/network monitoring purposes.
 Records involving official company services.
 Records with invalid trouble receipt dates.
 Records with invalid cleared or closed dates.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Product Reporting: LNP Standards:
MR-11A:
 If OP-17 result meets its standard, the MR-11A standard is Diagnostic.
 If OP-17 result does not meet its standard, the MR-11A standard is as
follows:
 For 0-20 trouble reports*: No more than 1 ticket cleared in > four
business hours
 For > 20 trouble reports*: The lesser of 95% or Parity with MR-3C
results for Retail Residence and Business
MR-11B:
 For 0-20 trouble reports**: No more than 1 ticket cleared > 48 hours
 For > 20 trouble reports**: The lesser of 95% or Parity with MR-4C
results for Retail Residence and Business
* Based on MR-11A denominator.
** Based on MR-11B denominator.
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 78

Billing
BI-1 – Time to Provide Recorded Usage Records
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness with which Qwest provides recorded daily usage records to CLECs.
Description:
Measures the average time interval from date of recorded daily usage to date usage records are
transmitted or made available to CLECs as applicable.
BI-1A – Measures recorded daily usage for UNEs and Resale and includes industry standard
electronically transmitted usage records for feature group switched access,NOTE 1 local
measured usage, local message usage, toll usage, and local exchange service components
priced on a per-use basis, subject to exclusions specified below.
BI-1B – Measures the percent of recorded daily usage for Jointly provided switched access provided
within four days. This includes usage created by the CLEC and Qwest or IXC providing
access, usually via 2-way Feature Group X trunk groups for Feature Group A, Feature Group
B, Feature Group D, Phone to Phone IP Telephony, 8XX access, and 900 access and their
successors or similar Switched Access services.
BI-1C – Provides separate reporting for two elements captured in BI-1A above, as follows:
 BI-1C-1 – Measures recorded daily usage for UNEs and Resale and includes industry
standard electronically transmitted usage records for feature group switched access, NOTE 1
subject to exclusions specified below.
 BI-1C-2 – Measures recorded daily usage for UNEs and Resale and includes industry
standard electronically transmitted usage records for local measured usage, local
message usage, toll usage, and local exchange service components priced on a per-use
basis, subject to exclusions specified below.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure:
BI-1A, BI-1C-1, BI-1C-2: Average Business Days
BI-1B: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation Reporting: State level.
individual CLECs, and Qwest Retail results
Formula:
BI-1A, BI-1C-1, BI-1C-2 (for specified products & records) = (Date Record Transmitted or made
available – Date Usage Recorded)  (Total number of records)
BI-1B = [(# of daily usage records for Jointly provided switched access sent within four days)  (Total
daily usage records for Jointly provided switched access in the report period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Instances where the CLEC requests other than daily usage transmission or availability.
 Duplicate records.
Product Reporting: Standards:
 UNEs and Resale BI-1A: Parity with Qwest retail.
 Jointly-provided Switched Access BI-1B: 95% within 4 business days
BI-1C-1, BI-1C-2: Diagnostic Comparison with the
Qwest Retail results used in standard for
BI-1A
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. “Feature group switched access” includes all
type 110XXX detail records for Feature
Groups A, B, C, and D.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 79

BI-2 – Invoices Delivered within 10 Days
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness with which Qwest delivers industry standard electronically transmitted bills to
CLECs, focusing on the percent delivered within ten calendar days.
Description:
Measures the percentage of invoices that are delivered within ten days, based on the number of days
between the bill date and bill delivery.
 Includes all industry standard electronically transmitted invoices for local exchange services and
toll, subject to exclusions specified below.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: Combined Qwest Disaggregation Reporting: State level
Retail/CLEC results (Parity by design)
Formula:
[(Count of Invoices for which Bill Transmission Date to Bill Date is ten calendar days or less)  (Total
Number of Invoices)] x 100
Exclusions:
 Bills transmitted via paper, magnetic tape, CD-ROM, diskette.
 Records with missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Product Reporting: Standard:
 UNEs and Resale Parity by design.
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 80

BI-3 – Billing Accuracy – Adjustments for Errors
Purpose:
Evaluates the accuracy with which Qwest bills CLECs, focusing on the percentage of billed revenue
adjusted due to errors.
Description:
Measures the billed revenue minus amounts adjusted off bills due to errors, as a percentage of total
billed revenue.
 Both the billed revenue and amounts adjusted off bills due to error are calculated from bills
rendered in the reporting period.
 “Amounts adjusted off bills due to errors” is the sum of all bill adjustments made in the reporting
period that involve, either in part or in total, adjustment codes related to billing errors. (Each
adjustment thus qualifying is added to the sum in its entirety.)
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation Reporting: State level.
individual CLECs, and Qwest Retail results
Formula:
[(Total Billed Revenue Billed in Reporting Period - Amounts Adjusted Off Bills Due to Errors)  (Total
Billed Revenue billed in Reporting Period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 BI-3A - UNEs and Resale – None
 BI-3B - Reciprocal Compensation Minutes of Use – Billing adjustments as a result of CLEC-caused
errors in return of minutes of use
Product Reporting: Standards:
 BI-3A - UNEs and Resale  BI-3A – UNEs and Resale: 98%
 BI-3B - Reciprocal Compensation Minutes of  BI-3B – Reciprocal Compensation (MOU) –
Use (MOU) 95%
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 81

BI-4 – Billing Completeness
Purpose:
 UNEs and Resale – Evaluates the completeness with which Qwest reflects non-recurring and
recurring charges associated with completed service orders on the bills.
 Reciprocal Compensation Minutes of Use (MOU) – Evaluates the completeness with which Qwest
reflects the revenue for Local Minutes of Use associated with CLEC local traffic over Qwest’s
network on the bills.
Description:
BI-4A – UNEs and Resale: Measures the percentage of non-recurring and recurring charges
associated with completed service orders appear on the correct bill.*
BI-4B – Reciprocal Compensation (MOU): Measures the percentage of revenue associated with local
minutes of use appearing on the correct (current) bill.*
* Correct bill = next available bill
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
individual CLECs, and Qwest Retail results
Formula:
BI-4A – UNEs and Resale = [(Count of service orders with non-recurring and recurring charges
associated with completed service orders on the bills that are billed on the correct bill  total
count of service orders with non-recurring and recurring charges associated with completed
service orders billed on the bill)] x 100
BI-4B – Reciprocal Compensation MOU = [(Revenue for Local Minutes of Use billed on the correct*
bill  Total revenue for Local Minutes of Use collected during the month)] x 100
Exclusions: None
Product Reporting: Standards:
 UNEs and Resale BI-4A - UNEs and Resale: Parity with Qwest
 Reciprocal Compensation (MOU) Retail bills.
BI-4B - Reciprocal Compensation (MOU): 95%
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 82

Database Updates
DB-1 – Time to Update Databases
Purpose:
Evaluates the time required for updates to the databases of E911, LIDB, and Directory Builder.
Description:
 Measures the average time required to update the databases of E911, LIDB, and Directory
Builder.
 Includes all database updates as specified under Disaggregation Reporting completed during
the reporting period.
 For DB-1A the time to update the E911 database is provided by the third party vendor that
performs the update. The elapsed time is captured automatically by the database system. There
are no “individual E911 database update records” provided with which to measure the database
update process.
 The numerator of DB-1A is calculated by multiplying the vendor-calculated results (Average
Minutes in Process Time) by the denominator (Count of records Processed). This method
produces a result from the vendor data that is the same as that which would be produced by
totalling the update times from individual E911 database update records.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure:
E911 – Hrs: Mins.
LIDB & Directory Listings – Seconds
Reporting Comparisons: Disaggregation Reporting:
DB-1A - E911: Combined results for Qwest Retail DB-1A: E911 for Qwest Retail and Reseller
and Reseller CLEC Aggregate; CLEC–State level
DB-1B - LIDB: Combined results for all Qwest DB-1B: LIDB for Qwest Retail, Reseller CLEC
Retail, Reseller CLEC and Facilities Based CLEC and Facilities Based CLEC – Multi
updates; state region-wide level
DB-1C-1 - Listings: Combined results for all DB-1C-1: Listings for all Provider types including
Provider types including Qwest Retail, Reseller Qwest Retail, Reseller CLEC, and
CLEC, and Facilities Based CLEC, ILEC and Facilities Based CLEC, ILEC and
Unknown Provider, Electronically Submitted, Unknown Provider, Electronically
Electronically Processed updates. NOTE 1 Submitted, Electronically Processed–
Sub-region applicable to state
Formula:
[(Date and Time of database update for each database update as specified under Disaggregation
Reporting in the reporting period) – (Date and Time of submissions of data for entry into the database
for each database update as specified under Disaggregation Reporting in the reporting period)]  Total
database updates as specified under Disaggregation Reporting completed in the reporting period
Exclusion:
 Invalid start/stop dates/times.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 83

DB-1 – Time to Update Databases (continued)
Product Reporting: Standards:
Not applicable (Reported by database type) DB-1A-E911: Parity by design
DB-1B-LIDB: Parity by design
DB-1C-1 - Listings: Parity by design
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Because they cannot be separated, results for Qwest Retail, Reseller
CLEC, Facilities-based CLECs, ILEC and Unknown Provider updates
are reported combined within these disaggregations.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 84

DB-2 – Accurate Database Updates
Purpose:
Evaluates the accuracy of database updates completed without errors in the reporting period.
Description:
 Measures the percentage of database updates completed without errors in the reporting period.
 Includes all database updates as specified under Disaggregation Reporting completed during the
reporting period.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: Disaggregation Reporting:
DB-2C-1 Listings – Combined results for all DB-2C-1, Listings for Qwest Retail, Reseller
Qwest Retail, Reseller CLEC and Facilities- CLEC, and Facilities-Based CLEC Electronically
Based CLEC Electronically Submitted, Submitted, Electronically Processed updates:
Electronically Processed updates Statewide
Formula:
[Total database updates as specified under Disaggregation Reporting completed without errors in the
reporting period  Total database updates as specified under Disaggregation Reporting completed in
the reporting period] x 100
Exclusions:
Invalid start/stop dates/times.
Product Reporting: Standards:
Not applicable (Reported by database type) DB-2C-1 – Listings: Parity by design NOTE 1
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Qwest retail and Reseller CLECs are parity by design. Because
Facilities-based CLEC Electronically Submitted, Electronically
Processed cannot be separated out from Reseller CLECs they are
reported combined within this disaggregation.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 85

Directory Assistance
DA-1 – Speed of Answer – Directory Assistance
Purpose:
Evaluates timeliness of customer access to Qwest’s Directory Assistance operators, focusing on how
long it takes for calls to be answered.
Description:
Measures the average time following first ring until a call is first picked up by the Qwest agent/system
to answer Directory Assistance calls.
 Includes all calls to Qwest directory assistance during the reporting period.
 Because a system (electronic voice) prompts for city, state, and listing requested before the actual
operator comes on the line, the first ring is defined as when the voice response unit places the call
into queue.
 Measurements are taken by sampling calls from the network queue at 10-second intervals. A
count of calls in the queue is taken for every sampling event (10-second snapshot), and this count
is multiplied by 10 to get a measurement of waiting intervals.
 Using this method, calls that enter the queue after a sample is taken but exit before the next
sample is taken are not counted, i.e., are effectively counted as a zero interval. However, this
situation is offset by calls that enter just prior to a sampling time, but exit before the next sampling
time, and which are counted as 10 seconds. The call intervals shorter than 10 seconds that are
counted as 10 seconds are offset by those calls shorter than 10 seconds that are not counted.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Seconds
Reporting Comparisons: Results for Qwest and Disaggregation Reporting:
all CLECs are combined. Sub-region applicable to state
Formula:
[(Date and Time of Call Answer) – (Date and Time of First Ring)]  (Total Calls Answered by Center)
Exclusions: Abandoned Calls are not included in the total number of calls answered by the center.
Product Reporting: None Standard: Parity by design
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 86

Operator Services
OS-1 – Speed of Answer – Operator Services
Purpose:
Evaluates timeliness of customer access to Qwest’s operators, focusing on how long it takes for calls
to be answered.
Description:
Measures the time following first ring until a call is answered by the Qwest agent.
 Includes all calls to Qwest’s operator services during the reporting period, subject to exclusions
specified below.
 Measurements are taken by sampling calls from the network queue at 10-second intervals. A
count of calls in the queue is taken for every sampling event (10-second snapshot), and this count
is multiplied by 10 to get a measurement of waiting intervals.
 Using this method, calls that enter the queue after a sample is taken but exit before the next
sample is taken are not counted, i.e., are effectively counted as a zero interval. However, this
situation is offset by calls that enter just prior to a sampling time, but exit before the next sampling
time, and which are counted as 10 seconds. The call intervals shorter than 10 seconds that are
counted as 10 seconds are offset by those calls shorter than 10 seconds that are not counted.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Seconds
Reporting Comparisons: Qwest and all CLECs Disaggregation Reporting:
are aggregated in a single measure. Sub-region applicable to state
Formula:
[(Date and Time of Call Answer) – (Date and Time of First Ring)]  (Total Calls Answered by Center)
Exclusions: Abandoned Calls are not included in the total number of calls answered by the center.
Product Reporting: None Standard: Parity by design
Availability: Notes:
Available
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 87

Network Performance
NI-1 – Trunk Blocking
Purpose:
Evaluates factors affecting completion of calls from Qwest end offices to CLEC end offices, compared with
the completion of calls from Qwest end offices to other Qwest end offices, focusing on average busy-hour
blocking percentages in interconnection or interoffice final trunks.
Description:
Measures the percentage of trunks blocking in interconnection and interoffice final trunks.
 Includes blocking percentages on all direct final and alternate final interconnection and interoffice trunk
groups that are in service during the reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent Blockage
Reporting Comparisons: Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
CLEC aggregate, Reports the percentage of trunks blocking in interconnection final trunks,
individual CLEC, and reported by:
Qwest Interoffice trunk NI-1A Interconnection (LIS) trunks to Qwest tandem offices, with TGSR-
blocking results. related exclusions applied as specified below;
NI-1B LIS trunks to Qwest end offices, with TGSR-related exclusions
applied as specified below;
NI-1C LIS trunks to Qwest tandem offices, without TGSR-related
exclusions;
NI-1D LIS trunks to other Qwest end offices, without TGSR-related
exclusions.
Formula:
{[(Blockage in Final Trunk Group of Specified Type)x(Number of Circuits in Trunk Group)]  (Total Number
of Final Trunk Circuits in all Final Trunk Groups)} x 100
Explanation: Actual average percentage of trunk blockage is calculated by dividing the equivalent average
number of trunk circuits blocking by the total number of trunk circuits in final trunks of the type being
measured.
Exclusions:
For NI-1A and NI-1B only:
 Trunk groups, blocking in excess of one percent in the reporting period, for which:
 A Trunk Group Service Request (TGSR) NOTES 1 & 2 has been issued in the reporting period; or
 CLECs do not submit, within 20 calendar days of receiving a TGSR:
a) Responsive ASRs (or have ASRs pending that are delayed for CLEC reasons NOTE 3);
b) Trouble Reports; or
c) Notification of traffic re-routing (as described in Note 1 below).
For NI-1A, NI-1B, NI-1C, and NI-1D:
 Trunk groups, blocking in excess of one percent in the reporting period, for which Qwest can identify, in
time to incorporate in the regular reporting of this measurement, the cause as being attributable to:
 Trunk group out-of-service conditions arising from cable cuts, severe weather, or force majeure
circumstances;
 The CLEC placing trunks in a “busy” condition;
 Lack of interconnection facilities to fulfill LIS requests for which the CLEC did not provide a timely
forecast to Qwest. (This portion of the exclusion is limited to being applied in (a) the month the LIS
requests could not be fulfilled, due to lack of facilities, and (b) each month thereafter up to the month
following facility availability OR up to five months after the month the LIS requests could not be
fulfilled, whichever is sooner NOTE 4); or
 Isolated incidences of blocking, about which Qwest provides notification to the CLEC, that (a) are
not recurring or persistent (affecting the same trunk groups), (b) do not warrant corrective action by
CLEC or Qwest, and (c) thus, do not require an actionable TGSR.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 88

NI-1 – Trunk Blocking (Continued)
 Trunk groups recently activated that have not been in service for a full “20-high-day, busy hour” review
period.
 Toll trunks, non-final trunks, and trunks that are not connected to the public switched network.
 One-way trunks originating at CLEC end offices.
 Qwest official services trunks, local interoffice operator and directory assistance trunks, and local
interoffice 911/E911 trunks.
 Records with invalid product codes.
 Records missing data essential to the calculation of the measurement per the PID.
Product Reporting: Standards:
LIS Trunks Where NI-1A  1%: 1 %
Where NI-1A > 1%: Parity with Qwest Interoffice Trunks to tandems
Where NI-1B  1%: 1 %
Where NI-1B > 1%: Parity with Qwest Interoffice Trunks to end offices
NI-1C and NI-1D: Diagnostic NOTE 5
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Qwest uses TGSRs to notify CLECs when trunk blocking exceeds standard thresholds or is
determined to be persistent. To respond properly to TGSRs, a CLEC must (a) submit
within 20 days ASRs to provide necessary trunk augmentations to avoid further blocking,
(b) notify Qwest within 20 days that it is initiating a Trouble Report where Qwest traffic
routing problems are causing the blocking referenced by the TGSR, or (c) notify Qwest that
the CLEC will undertake its own re-routing of traffic within 20 days to alleviate the blocking.
2. The TGSR-related exclusion is applied in the month in which the TGSR is issued and in
the month in which the above-specified 20-day response period ends. Thus, any trunk
group excluded in one month will not be excluded in the next month, unless there is (a) a
20-day period following a TGSR ends in that month, (b) there is another TGSR applicable
to the next month for the same trunk group or (c) an exception documented, in lieu of
issuing a subsequent TGSR, where the CLEC’s response to the previous TGSR indicated
that, for its own reasons, it plans to take no action at any time to augment the trunk group.
3. CLEC delays are reflected by CLEC-initiated order supplements that move the due date
later.
a) Qwest-initiated due date delays, including supplements made pursuant to Qwest
requests to delay due dates, shall not be counted as CLEC delays in this
measurement.
b) Qwest-initiated due date changes to earlier dates that the CLEC does not meet shall
not be counted as a CLEC delay in this measurement unless the earlier dates were
mutually agreed-upon.
c) CLEC delays (e.g., “customer not ready” in advance of a due date) that do not
contribute to a Qwest-established due date being missed shall not be counted as a
CLEC delay in this measurement.
4. The limitation on part (3) of this exclusion is intended to bound its applicability to a period
of time that treats the unforecasted ASR as if it were, in effect, the first forecast for the
facilities needed.
a) Given that forecast advance intervals are currently six months, this provision allows the
exclusion to apply for no longer than that period of time.
b) Nevertheless, this limitation to the exclusion also recognizes that facilities may become
available sooner and, if so, reduces the limitation accordingly. In that context, this
limitation recognizes that, absent a CLEC forecast, Qwest still retains a responsibility to
provide facilities for the ASR, although in a longer timeframe than for ASRs covered by
forecasts. NI-1C and NI-1D will be reported for information purposes only, with no
standard to be applied.
c) This limitation may change depending on the outcome of separate workshops dealing
with issues of interconnection forecasting.
5. NI-1C and NI-1D will be reported for information purposes only, with no standard to be
applied.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 89

NP-1 – NXX Code Activation
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness of Qwest’s NXX code activation prior to the LERG effective date or by the
“revised” effective date, as set forth herein.
Description:
NP-1A: Measures the percentage of NXX codes activated in the reporting period that are actually
loaded and tested prior to the LERG effective date or the “revised” date, subject to exclusions
shown below.
NP-1B: Measures the percentage of NXX codes activated in the reporting period that are delayed
beyond the LERG date or “revised” date due to Qwest-caused Interconnection facility delays,
subject to exclusions shown below. Included among activations counted as a Qwest delay in
this sub-measurement are cases in which “2-6 codes” NOTE 1 associated with the Qwest
interconnection facilities are provided late by Qwest to the CLEC.
 Qwest must receive complete and accurate routing information required for code activation, which
includes but is not limited to “2-6 codes” for all interconnection trunk groups associated with the
activation no less than 25 days prior to the LERG Due Date or Revised Due Date.
 The “revised” date, for purposes of this measurement, is a CLEC-initiated renegotiation of the
activation effective date that is no less than 25 days after Qwest receives complete and accurate
routing information required for code activation, which includes but is not limited to “2-6 codes” for
all interconnection trunk groups associated with the activation.
 The NXX code activation notice is provided by the LERG (Local Exchange Routing Guide) to
Qwest.
 NXX code activation is defined as complete when all translations associated with the new NXX are
complete by 11:59 p.m. of the day prior to the date identified in the LERG or the “revised” date (if
different than the LERG date).
 The NXX code activation completion process includes testing, including calls to the test number
when provided.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate, Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide.
individual CLEC and Qwest Retail results.
Formula:
NP-1A = [(Number of NXX codes loaded and tested in the reporting period prior to the LERG effective
date or the “revised” date)  (Number of NXX codes loaded and tested in the reporting
period)] x 100
NP-1B = [(Number of NXX codes loaded and tested in the reporting period that were delayed past the
LERG effective date or “revised” date affected by Qwest Interconnection Facility Delays) 
(Number of NXX codes loaded and tested in the reporting period, including NXX codes
loaded and tested in the reporting period that were delayed past the LERG effective date or
the “revised” date due to Interconnection Facility Delays)] x 100
Exclusions:
NP-1A:
 NXX code activations completed after the LERG date or “revised” date due to delays in the
installation of Qwest provided interconnection facilities associated with the activations. NOTE 2
NP-1A and NP-1B:
 NXX codes with LERG dates or “revised” dates resulting in loading intervals shorter than
industry standard (currently 45 calendar days).
 NXX codes where QWEST received complete and accurate routing information required for
code activations less than 25 days prior to the LERG due date or Revised due date.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 90

NP-1 – NXX Code Activation (continued)
Product Reporting: None Standards:
NP-1A: Parity
NP-1B: Diagnostic
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. “2-6 codes” are industry-standard
designators for local interconnection trunk
groups, consisting of 2 alpha letters and six
numeric digits.
2. Only Qwest-provided interconnection facilities
are noted in this exclusion, because delays
related to facilities provided by CLECs or
others are accounted for by revising the due
date.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 91

Collocation
CP-1 – Collocation Completion Interval
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness of Qwest’s installation of collocation arrangements for CLECs, focusing on the
average time to complete such arrangements.
Description:
Measures the interval between the Collocation Application Date and Qwest’s completion of the
collocation installation.
 Includes all collocations of types specified herein that are assigned a Ready for Service (RFS) date
by Qwest and completed during the reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below.
 Collocation types included are: physical cageless, physical caged, shared physical caged, physical-
line sharing, cageless-line sharing, and virtual. NOTE 1
 The Collocation Application Date is the date Qwest receives from the CLEC a complete and valid
application for collocation. In cases where the CLEC’s collocation application is received by Qwest
on a weekend or holiday, the Collocation Application Date is the next business day following the
weekend or holiday.
 Major Infrastructure Modifications include conditioning the collocation space, obtaining permits, and
installing DC power plant, standby generators, heating, venting or air conditioning equipment.
 Completion of the collocation installation is the date on which the requested collocation arrangement
is “Ready For Service” as defined in the Definition of Terms section herein.
 Establishment of RFS Dates: RFS dates are established according to intervals specified in
interconnection agreements. Where an interconnection agreement does not specify intervals, or
where the CLEC requests, RFS dates are established as follows:
 Collocation Applications with Timely Quote Acceptance and, for Virtual Collocations, also
with Timely Equipment Ready – for collocation applications where the CLEC accepts the quote
in seven or fewer calendar days after the quote date and, for virtual collocations, where the CLEC
provides the equipment to be collocated to Qwest 53 calendar days or less after the Collocation
Application Date, the RFS date shall be:
 Forecasted Collocations: 90 calendar days after the Collocation Application Date for
collocations for which the CLEC provides a complete forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar
days in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Unforecasted Collocations: 120 calendar days after the Collocation Application Date for
collocations for which the CLEC does not provide a forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar
days in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Collocation Applications with Late Quote Acceptance and, for Virtual Collocations, also
with Timely Equipment Ready – for collocation applications where the CLEC accepts the quote
in eight or more calendar days after the quote date and, for virtual collocations, where the CLEC
provides the equipment to be collocated to Qwest 53 calendar days or less after the Collocation
Application Date, the RFS date shall be:
 Forecasted Collocations: 90 calendar days after the quote acceptance date for collocations
for which the CLEC provides a complete forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days in
advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Unforecasted Collocations: 120 calendar days after the quote acceptance date for
collocations for which the CLEC does not provide a forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar
days in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Virtual Collocation Applications with Timely Quote Acceptance and Late Equipment Ready
– for virtual collocation applications where the CLEC (1) accepts the quote in seven or fewer
calendar days after the quote date and (2) provides the equipment to be collocated to Qwest
more than 53 calendar days after the Collocation Application Date, the RFS date shall be:
 Forecasted Collocations: 45 calendar days after the equipment is provided to Qwest, for
collocations for which the CLEC provides a complete forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar
days in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Unforecasted Collocations: 75 calendar days after the equipment is provided to Qwest, for
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 92

CP-1 – Collocation Completion Interval (continued)
collocations for which the CLEC does not provide a forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar
days in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Virtual Collocation Applications with Late Quote Acceptance and Late Equipment Ready –
for virtual collocation applications where the CLEC (1) accepts the quote in eight or more
calendar days after the quote date and (2) provides the equipment to be collocated to Qwest
more than 53 calendar days after the Collocation Application Date, the RFS date shall be:
 Forecasted Collocations: 45 calendar days after the equipment is provided to Qwest, for
collocations for which the CLEC provides a complete forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar
days in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Unforecasted Collocations: 75 calendar days after the equipment is provided to Qwest, for
collocations for which the CLEC does not provide a forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar
days in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 All Collocations (physical, virtual, forecasted, or unforecasted) requiring Major
Infrastructure Modifications: the later of (1) up to 150 calendar days (as specified in the quote)
after the Collocation Application Date, or (2) for virtual collocations, 45 days following the date
equipment to be collocated is provided to Qwest for collocations in which Major Infrastructure
Modifications are required. Qwest will provide to the CLEC, as part of the quotation, the need for,
and the duration of, such extended intervals.
 When a CLEC submits six (6) or more Collocation applications in a one-week period in any state,
completion intervals will be individually negotiated. These collocation arrangements will be
included in CP-1A, -1B, or -1C according to the interval criteria specified below for these
measurements.
 Where there is a CLEC-caused delay, the RFS Date is rescheduled
 RFS dates may be extended beyond the above intervals for CLEC reasons, or for reasons beyond
Qwest’s control, but not for Qwest reasons.
 Where CLECs do not accept the quote within thirty days of the quote date, the application is
considered expired.
CP-1A Measures collocation installations for which the scheduled interval from Collocation
Application Date to RFS date is 90 calendar days or less.
CP-1B Measures collocation installations for which the scheduled interval from Collocation
Application Date to RFS date is 91 to 120 calendar days.
CP-1C Measures collocation installations for which the scheduled interval from Collocation
Application Date to RFS date is 121 to 150 calendar days.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Calendar Days
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate and Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide.
individual CLEC results
Formula: (for CP-1A, CP-1B and CP-1C)
[(Collocation Completion Date) – (Complete Application Date)]  (Total Number of Collocations
Completed in Reporting Period)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 93

CP-1 – Collocation Completion Interval (continued)
Exclusions:
 CP-1A: CLEC collocation applications with RFS dates yielding scheduled intervals longer than 90
calendar days from Collocation Application Date to RFS date.
 CP-1B: CLEC collocation applications with RFS dates yielding scheduled intervals shorter than 91
calendar days or longer than 120 calendar days from Collocation Application Date to RFS date.
 CP-1C: CLEC collocation applications with RFS dates yielding scheduled intervals shorter than 121
calendar days or longer than 150 calendar days from Collocation Application Date to RFS date.
 Cancelled or expired applications.
Product Reporting: None Standards:
CP-1A: 90 calendar days
CP-1B: 120 calendar days
CP-1C: 150 calendar days
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Collocations covered by this measurement are central office related. As
additional types of central office collocation are defined and offered, they
will be included in this measurement. Non-central office-based types of
collocation (such as remote collocation and field connection points) will be
considered for either inclusion in this measurement, or in new, separate
measurements, after the terms, conditions, and processes for such
collocation types become finalized, accepted, mature (i.e., six months of
experience from first installations), and ordered in volumes warranting
reporting (i.e., consistently more than two per month in any state).
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 94

CP-2 – Collocations Completed within Scheduled Intervals
Purpose:
Evaluates the extent to which Qwest completes collocation arrangements for CLECs within the standard
intervals or intervals established in interconnection agreements.
Description:
Measures the percentage of collocation applications that are completed within standard intervals, including
intervals set forth in interconnection agreements.
 Includes all collocations of types specified herein that are assigned a Ready for Service Date RFS date by
Qwest and that are completed within the reporting period, including those with CLEC-requested RFS dates
longer than the standard interval and those with extended RFS dates negotiated with the CLEC (including
supplemented collocation orders that extend the RFS date) subject to exclusions specified below.
Collocation types included are: physical cageless, physical caged, shared physical caged, physical-line
sharing, cageless-line sharing, and virtual. NOTE 1
 The Collocation Application Date is the date Qwest receives from the CLEC a complete and valid
application for collocation. In cases where the CLEC’s collocation application is received by Qwest on a
weekend or holiday, the Collocation Application Date is the next business day following the weekend or
holiday.
 Major Infrastructure Modifications are defined as conditioning the collocation space, obtaining permits, and
installing DC power plant, standby generators, heating, venting or air conditioning equipment.
 A collocation arrangement is counted as met under this measurement if its RFS date is met.
 Establishment of RFS Dates: RFS dates are established as follows, except where interconnection
agreements require different intervals, in which case the intervals specified in the interconnection
agreements apply:
 Collocation Applications with Timely Quote Acceptance and, for Virtual Collocations, also with
Timely Equipment Ready – for collocation applications where the CLEC accepts the quote in seven
or fewer calendar days after the quote date and, for virtual collocations, where the CLEC provides the
equipment to be collocated to Qwest 53 calendar days or less after the Collocation Application Date,
the RFS date shall be:
 Forecasted Collocations: 90 calendar days after the Collocation Application Date for physical
collocations for which the CLEC provides a complete forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days
in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Unforecasted Collocations: 120 calendar days after the Collocation Application Date for physical
collocations for which the CLEC does not provide a forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days in
advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Collocation Applications with Late Quote Acceptance and, for Virtual Collocations, also with
Timely Equipment Ready – for collocation applications where the CLEC accepts the quote in eight or
more calendar days after the quote date and, for virtual collocations, where the CLEC provides the
equipment to be collocated to Qwest 53 calendar days or less after the Collocation Application Date,
the RFS date shall be:
 Forecasted Collocations: 90 calendar days after the quote acceptance date for collocations for
which the CLEC provides a complete forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days in advance of the
Collocation Application Date.
 Unforecasted Collocations: 120 calendar days after the quote acceptance date for collocations
for which the CLEC does not provide a forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days in advance of
the Collocation Application Date.
 Virtual Collocation Applications with Timely Quote Acceptance and Late Equipment Ready – for
virtual collocation applications where the CLEC (1) accepts the quote in seven or fewer calendar days
after the quote date and (2) provides the equipment to be collocated to Qwest more than 53 calendar
days after the Collocation Application Date, the RFS date shall be:
 Forecasted Collocations: 45 calendar days after the equipment is provided to Qwest, for
collocations for which the CLEC provides a complete forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days
in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Unforecasted Collocations: 75 calendar days after the equipment is provided to Qwest, for
collocations for which the CLEC does not provide a forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days in
advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Virtual Collocation Applications with Late Quote Acceptance and Late Equipment Ready – for
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 95

CP-2 – Collocations Completed within Scheduled Intervals (continued)
virtual collocation applications where the CLEC (1) accepts the quote in eight or more calendar days
after the quote date and (2) provides the equipment to be collocated to Qwest more than 53 calendar
days after the Collocation Application Date, the RFS date shall be:
 Forecasted Collocations: 45 calendar days after the equipment is provided to Qwest, for
collocations for which the CLEC provides a complete forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days
in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 Unforecasted Collocations: 75 calendar days after the equipment is provided to Qwest, for
collocations for which the CLEC does not provide a forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days in
advance of the Collocation Application Date.
 All Collocations (physical, virtual, forecasted, or unforecasted) requiring Major Infrastructure
Modifications: the later of (1) up to 150 calendar days (as specified in the quote) after the Collocation
Application Date, or (2) for virtual collocations, 45 calendar days following the date equipment to be
collocated is provided to Qwest for collocations in which Major Infrastructure Modifications are
required. Qwest will provide to the CLEC, as part of the quotation, the need for, and the duration of,
such extended intervals.
 When a CLEC submits six (6) or more Collocation applications in a one-week period in any state,
completion intervals will be individually negotiated. These collocation arrangements will be included in
CP-2A, -2B, or -2C according to the criteria specified below for these measurements.
 Where there is a CLEC-caused delay, the RFS Date is rescheduled.
 Where CLECs do not accept the quote within thirty calendar days of the quote date, the application is
considered expired.
CP-2A Forecasted Collocations: Measures collocation installations for which CLEC provides a forecast
to Qwest 60 or more calendar days in advance of the Collocation Application Date.
CP-2B Non-Forecasted and Late Forecasted Collocations: Measures collocation installations for
which CLEC does not provide a forecast to Qwest 60 or more calendar days in advance of the
Collocation Application Date.
CP-2C All Collocations requiring Major Infrastructure Modifications and Collocations with
intervals longer than 120 days: Measures all collocation installations requiring Major
Infrastructure Modifications and collocations for which the RFS date is more than 120 calendar
days after the Collocation Application Date.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate and Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
individual CLEC results
Formula: (for CP-2A, CP-2B and CP-2C)
[(Count of Collocations for which the RFS is met)  (Total Number of Collocations Completed in the Reporting
Period)] x 100
Exclusions:
 RFS dates missed for reasons beyond Qwest’s control.
 Cancelled or expired requests.
Product Reporting: None Standards:
CP-2A & -2B: 90%
CP-2C: 90%
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 96

CP-2 – Collocations Completed within Scheduled Intervals (continued)
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Collocations covered by this measurement are central office related. As
additional types of central office collocation are defined and offered, they will
be included in this measurement. Non-central office-based types of
collocation (such as remote collocation and field connection points) will be
considered for either inclusion in this measurement, or in new, separate
measurements, after the terms, conditions, and processes for such
collocation types become finalized, accepted, mature (i.e., six months of
experience from first installations), and ordered in volumes warranting
reporting (i.e., consistently more than two per month in any state).
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 97

CP-3 – Collocation Feasibility Study Interval
Purpose:
Evaluates the timeliness of the Qwest sub-process function of providing a collocation feasibility study
to the CLEC.
Description:
Measures average interval to respond to collocation studies for feasibility of installation.
 Includes feasibility studies, for collocations of types specified herein that are completed in the
reporting period, subject to exclusions specified below. Collocation types included are: physical
cageless, physical caged, shared physical caged, physical-line sharing, cageless-line sharing, and
virtual. NOTE 1
 Interval begins with the Collocation Application Date and ends with the date Qwest completes the
Feasibility Study and provides it to the CLEC.
 The Collocation Application Date is the date Qwest receives from the CLEC a complete
application for collocation. In cases where the CLEC’s application for collocation is received by
Qwest on a weekend or holiday, the Collocation Application Date is the next business day
following the weekend or holiday.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Calendar Days
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate and Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
individual CLEC results
Formula:
[(Date Feasibility Study provided to CLEC) – (Date Qwest receives CLEC request for Feasibility
Study)]  (Total Feasibility Studies Completed in the Reporting Period )
Exclusions:
 CLEC-caused delays of, or CLEC requests for feasibility study completions resulting in greater
than ten calendar days from Collocation Application Date to scheduled feasibility study completion
date.
Product Reporting: None Standard: 10 calendar days or less
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Collocations covered by this measurement are central office related.
As additional types of central office collocation are defined and
offered, they will be included in this measurement. Non-central
office-based types of collocation (such as remote collocation and
field connection points) will be considered for either inclusion in this
measurement, or in new, separate measurements, after the terms,
conditions, and processes for such collocation types become
finalized, accepted, mature (i.e., six months of experience from first
installations), and ordered in volumes warranting reporting (i.e.,
consistently more than two per month in any state).
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 98

CP-4 – Collocation Feasibility Study Commitments Met
Purpose:
Evaluates the degree that Qwest completes the sub-process function of providing a collocation
feasibility study to the CLEC as committed.
Description:
Measures the percentage of collocation feasibility studies for installations that are completed within the
Scheduled Interval
 The Scheduled Interval is ten calendar days from the Collocation Application Date or, if
interconnection agreements call for different intervals, within intervals specified in the agreements,
or if otherwise delayed by the CLEC, the interval resulting from the delay.
 Includes all feasibility studies for collocations of types specified herein, that are completed in the
reporting period. Collocation types included are: physical cageless, physical caged, shared
physical caged, physical-line sharing, cageless-line sharing, and virtual. NOTE 1
 Considers the interval from the Collocation Application Date to the date Qwest completes the
Feasibility Study and provides it to the CLEC.
 The Collocation Application Date is the date Qwest receives from the CLEC a complete
application for collocation. In cases where the CLEC’s application for collocation is received by
Qwest on a weekend or holiday, the Collocation Application Date is the next business day
following the weekend or holiday.
 Subject to superceding terms in the CLEC’s interconnection agreement, when a CLEC submits six
(6) or more Collocation applications in a one-week period in any state, feasibility study intervals
will be individually negotiated and the resulting intervals used instead of ten calendar days in this
measurement.
Reporting Period: One month Unit of Measure: Percent
Reporting Comparisons: CLEC aggregate Disaggregation Reporting: Statewide level.
and individual CLEC results
Formula:
[(Total Applicable Collocation Feasibility studies completed within Scheduled Intervals )  (Total
applicable Collocation Feasibility studies completed in the reporting period)] x 100
Exclusions: None
Product Reporting: None Standard: 90 percent or more
Availability: Notes:
Available 1. Collocations covered by this measurement are central office
related. As additional types of central office collocation are
defined and offered, they will be included in this measurement.
Non-central office-based types of collocation (such as remote
collocation and field connection points) will be considered for
either inclusion in this measurement, or in new, separate
measurements, after the terms, conditions, and processes for
such collocation types become finalized, accepted, mature (i.e.,
six months of experience from first installations), and ordered in
volumes warranting reporting (i.e., consistently more than two
per month in any state).
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 99

DEFINITION OF TERMS
Application Date (and Time) – The date (and time) on which Qwest receives from the CLEC a
complete and accurate local service request (LSR) or access service request (ASR) or retail order,
subject to the following:
 For the following types of requests/orders, the application date (and time) is the start of the next
business day:
(1) LSRs and ASRs received after 3:00PM MT for Designed Services and Local Number
Portability (except non-designed, flow-through LNP).
(2) Retail orders received after 3:00 PM local time for Designed Services.
(3) LSRs received after 7:00PM MT for POTS Resale (Residence and Business), Non-Design
Resale Centrex, non-designed UNE-P, Unbundled Loops, and non-designed, flow-through
LNP.
(4) Retail orders for comparable non-designed services cannot be received after closing time, so
the cutoff time is essentially the business office closing time.
 For all types of orders that are received from Friday at 7:00 PM MT through Sunday, or on
holidays, and do not flow through, the application date (and time) is the next, non-weekend
business day.
Automatic Location Information (ALI) – The feature of E911 that displays at the Public Safety
Answering Point (PSAP) the street address of the calling telephone number. This feature requires a
data storage and retrieval system for translating telephone numbers to the associated address. ALI
may include Emergency Service Number (ESN), street address, room or floor, and names of the
enforcement, fire and medical agencies with jurisdictional responsibility for the address. The
Management System (E911) database is used to update the Automatic E911 Location Information
databases.
Bill Date – The date shown at the top of the bill, representing the date on which Qwest begins to
close the bill.
Blocking – Condition on a telecommunications network where, due to a maintenance problem or an
traffic volumes exceeding trunking capacity in a part of the network, some or all originating or
terminating calls cannot reach their final destinations. Depending on the condition and the part of the
network affected, the network may make subsequent attempts to complete the call or the call may be
completely blocked. If the call is completely blocked, the calling party will have to re-initiate the call
attempt.
Business Day – Workdays that Qwest is normally open for business. Business Day = Monday
through Friday, excluding weekends and Qwest published Holidays including New Year’s Day,
Memorial Day, July 4th, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas. Individual measurement definitions
may modify (typically expanding) this definition as described in the Notes section of the measurement
definition.
Cleared Trouble Report – A trouble report for which the trouble has been cleared, meaning the
customer is “back in service”.
Closed Trouble Report – A trouble report that has been closed out from a maintenance center
perspective, meaning the ticket is closed in the trouble reporting system following repair of the
trouble.
Code Activation (Opening) – Process by which new NPA/NXXs (area code/prefix) is defined,
through software translations to network databases and switches, in telephone networks. Code
activation (openings) allow for new groups of telephone numbers (usually in blocks of 10,000) to be
made available for assignment to an ILEC’s or CLEC’s customers, and for calls to those numbers to
be passed between carriers.
Common Channel Signaling System 7 (CCSS7) – A network architecture used to for the exchange
of signaling information between telecommunications nodes and networks on an out-of-band basis.
Information exchanged provides for call set-up and supports services and features such as CLASS
and database query and response.
Common Transport – Trunk groups between tandem and end office switches that are shared by
more than one carrier, often including the traffic of both the ILEC and several CLECs.
Completion – The time in the order process when the service has been provisioned and service is
available.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 100

DEFINITION OF TERMS (continued)
Completion Notice – A notification the ILEC provides to the CLEC to inform the CLEC that the
requested service order activity is complete.
Coordinated Customer Conversion -- Orders that have a due date negotiated between the ILEC,
the CLEC, and the customer so that work activities can be performed on a coordinated basis under
the direction of the receiving carrier.
Customer Requested Due Date – A specific due date requested by the customer which is either
shorter or longer than the standard interval or the interval offered by the ILEC.
Customer Trouble Reports – A report that the carrier providing the underlying service opens when
notified that a customer has a problem with their service. Once resolved, the disposition of the
trouble is changed to closed.
Dedicated Transport – A network facility reserved to the exclusive use of a single customer, carrier
or pair of carriers used to exchange switched or special, local exchange, or exchange access traffic.
Delayed Order – An order which has been completed after the scheduled due date and/or time.
Directory Assistance Database – A database that contains subscriber records used to provide live
or automated operator-assisted directory assistance. Including 411, 555-1212, NPA-555-1212.
Directory Listings – Subscriber information used for DA and/or telephone directory publishing,
including name and telephone number, and optionally, the customer’s address.
DS-0 – Digital Service Level 0. Service provided at a digital signal speed commonly at 64 kbps, but
occasionally at 56 kbps.
DS-1 – Digital Service Level 1. Service provided at a digital signal speed of 1.544 Mbps.
DS-3 – Digital Service Level 3. Service provided at a digital signal speed of 44.736 Mbps.
Due Date – The date provided on the Firm Order Confirmation (FOC) the ILEC sends the CLEC
identifying the planned completion date for the order.
End Office Switch – A switch from which an end users’ exchange services are directly connected
and offered.
Final Trunk Groups – Interconnection and interoffice trunk groups that do not overflow traffic to
other trunk groups when busy.
Firm Order Confirmation (FOC) – Notice the ILEC sends to the CLEC to notify the CLEC that it has
received the CLECs service request, created a service order, and assigned it a due date.
Flow-Through –The term used to describe whether a LSR electronically is passed from the OSS
interface system to the ILEC legacy system to automatically create a service order. LSRs that do not
flow through require manual intervention for the service order to be created in the ILEC legacy
system.
Interval Zone 1/Zone 2 – Interval Zone 1 areas are wire centers for which Qwest specifies shorter
standard service intervals than for Interval Zone 2 areas.
Installation – The activity performed to activate a service.
Installation Troubles – A trouble, which is identified after service order activity and installation, has
completed on a customer’s line. It is likely attributable to the service activity (within a defined time
period).
Interconnection Trunks – A network facility that is used to interconnect two switches generally of
different local exchange carriers
Inward Activity – Refers to all orders for new or additional lines/circuits. For change order types,
additional lines/circuits consist of all C orders with “I” and “T” action coded line/circuit USOCs that
represent new or additional lines/circuits, including conversions from retail to CLEC and CLEC to
CLEC.
Jeopardy – A condition experienced in the service provisioning process which results potentially in
the inability of a carrier to meet the committed due date on a service order
Jeopardy Notice – The actual notice that the ILEC sends to the CLEC when a jeopardy has been
identified.
Lack of Facilities – A shortage of cable facilities identified after a due date has been committed to a
customer, including the CLEC. The facilities shortage may be identified during the inventory
assignment process or during the service installation process, and typically triggers a jeopardy.
Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG) – A Bellcore master file that is used by the telecom
industry to identify NPA-NXX routing and homing information, as well as network element and
equipment designations. The file also includes scheduled network changes associated with activity
within the North American Numbering Plan (NANP).
Local Exchange Traffic – Traffic originated on the network of a LEC in a local calling area that
terminates to another LEC in a local calling area.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 101

DEFINITION OF TERMS (continued)
Local Number Portability (formerly defined under Permanent Number Portability and also
known as – Long Term Number Portability) – A network technology which allows end user
customers to retain their telephone number when moving their service between local service
providers. This technology does not employ remote call forwarding, but actually allows the
customer’s telephone number to be moved and redefined in the network of the new service provider.
The activity to move the telephone number is called “porting.”
Local Service Request (LSR) – Transaction sent from the CLEC to the ILEC to order services or to
request a change(s) be made to existing services.
MSA/Non-MSA – Metropolitan Statistical Area is a government defined geographic area with a
population of 50,000 or greater. Non-Metropolitan Statistical Area is a government defined
geographic area with population of less than 50,000. Qwest depicts MSA Non-MSA based on NPA
NXX. Where a wire center is predominantly within an MSA, all lines are counted within the MSA.
Mechanized Bill – A bill that is delivered via electronic transmission.
NXX, NXX Code or Central Office Code – The three digit switch entity indicator that is defined by
the “D”, “E”, and “F” digits of a 10-digit telephone number within the NANP. Each NXX Code
contains 10,000 station numbers.
Plain Old Telephone Service (POTS) – Refers to basic 2-wire, non-complex analog residential and
business services. Can include feature capabilities (e.g., CLASS features).
Projects – Service requests that exceed the line size and/or level of complexity which would allow for
the use of standard ordering and provisioning processes. Generally, due dates for projects are
negotiated, coordination of service installations/changes is required and automated provisioning may
not be practical.
Query Types – Pre-ordering information that is available to a CLEC that is categorized according to
standards issued by OBF and/or the FCC.
Ready For Service (RFS) – The status achieved in the installation of a collocation arrangement
when all “operational” work has been completed. Operational work consists of the following as
applicable to the particular type of collocation:
 Cage enclosure complete;
 DC power is active (including fuses available, BDFB [Battery Distribution Fuse Board] in place,
and cables between the CLEC and power terminated);
 Primary AC outlet in place;
 Cable racking and circuit terminations are complete (e.g. fiber jumpers placed between the
Outside Plant Fiber Distribution Panel and the Central Office Fiber Distribution Panel serving the
CLEC). and
 The following items complete, subject to the CLEC having made required payments to Qwest
(e.g., final payment): (If the required CLEC payments have not been made, the following items
are not required for RFS):
 Key turnover made available to CLEC.
 APOT/CFA complete, as defined/required in the CLEC’s interconnection agreement
and
 Basic telephone service and other services and facilities complete, if ordered by CLEC in
time to be provided on the scheduled RFS date (per Qwest’s published standard installation
intervals for such telephone service).
Ready for Service Date (RFS date) – The due date assigned to a collocation order (typically
determined by regulatory rulings, contract terms, or negotiations with CLEC) to indicate when
collocation installation is scheduled to be ready for service, as defined above.
Reject – A status that can occur to a CLEC submitted local service request (LSR) when it does not
meet certain criteria. There are two types of rejects: (1) syntax, which occur if required fields are not
included in the LSR; and (2) content, which occur if invalid data is provided in a field. A rejected
service request must be corrected and re-submitted before provisioning can begin.
Repeat Report – Any trouble report that is a second (or greater) report on the same telephone
number/circuit ID and at the same premises address within 30 days. The original report can be any
category, including excluded reports, and can carry any disposition code.
Service Group Type – The designation used to identify a category of similar services, .e.g., UNE
loops.
Service Order – The work order created and distributed in ILECs systems and to ILEC work groups
in response to a complete, valid local service request.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 102

DEFINITION OF TERMS (continued)
Service Order Type – The designation used to identify the major types of provisioning activities
associated with a local service request.
Standard Interval – The interval that the ILEC publishes as a guideline for establishing due dates for
provisioning a service request. Typically, due dates will not be assigned with intervals shorter than
the standard. These intervals are specified by service type and type of service modification
requested. ILECs publish these standard intervals in documents used by their own service
representatives as well as ordering instructions provided to CLECs in the Qwest Standard Interval
Guidelines.
Subsequent Reports – A trouble report that is taken in relation to a previously-reported trouble prior
to the date and time the initial report has a status of “closed.”
Tandem Switch – Switch used to connect and switch trunk circuits between and among Central
Office switches.
Time to Restore – The time interval from the receipt, by the ILEC, of a trouble report on a
customer’s service to the time service is fully restored to the customer.
Unbundled Network Element – Platform (UNE-P) – Combinations of network elements, including
both new and conversions, involving POTS (i.e., basic services providing dial tone).
Unbundled Loop - The Unbundled Loop is a transmission path between a Qwest Central Office
Distribution Frame, or equivalent, and the Loop Demarcation Point at an end user premises. Loop
Demarcation Point is defined as the point where Qwest owned or controlled facilities cease, and
CLEC, end user, owner or landlord ownership of facilities begins.
Usage Data – Data generated in network nodes to identify switched call data on a detailed or
summarized basis. Usage data is used to create customer invoices for the calls.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 103

GLOSSARY OF ACRONYMS
ACRONYM DESCRIPTION
ACD Automatic Call Distributor
ADSL Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line
ALI Automatic Line Information (for 911/E911 systems)
ASR Service Request (processed via Exact system)
BRI Basic Rate Interface (type of ISDN service)
CABS Carrier Access Billing System
CKT Circuit
CLEC Competitive Local Exchange Carrier
CO Central Office
CPE Customer Premises Equipment
CRIS Customer Record Information System
CSR Customer Service Record
DA Directory Assistance
DB Decibel
DB Database
DS0 Digital Service 0
DS1 Digital Service 1
DS3 Digital Service 3
E911 MS E911 Management System
EAS Extended Area Service
EB-TA Electronic Bonding – Trouble Administration
EDI Electronic Data Interchange
EELS Enhanced Extended Loops
ES Emergency Services (for 911/E911)
FOC Firm Order Confirmation
GUI Graphical User Interface
HDSL High-Bit-Rate Digital Subscriber Line
HICAP High Capacity Digital Service
IEC Interexchange Carrier
ILEC Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier
INP Interim Number Portability
IOF Interoffice Facilities (refers to trunk facilities located between
Qwest central offices)
ISDN Integrated Services Digital Network
IMA Interconnect Mediated Access
LATA Local Access Transport Area
LERG Local Exchange Routing Guide
LIDB Line Identification Database
LIS Local Interconnection Service Trunks
LNP Long Term Number Portability
LSR Local Service Request
N, T, C Service Order Types - - N (new), T (to or transfer), C
(change)
NANP North American Numbering Plan
NDM Network Data Mover
NPAC Number Portability Administration Center
NXX Telephone number prefix
OBF Ordering and Billing Forum
OOS Out of service (type of trouble condition)
OSS Operations Support Systems
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 104

GLOSSARY OF ACRONYMS (continued)
ACRONYM DESCRIPTION
PBX Private Branch Exchange
PON Purchase Order Number
POTS Plain Old Telephone Service
PRI Primary Rate Interface (type of ISDN service)
RFS Ready for Service (refers to collocation installations)
SIA SAAFE (Strategic Application Architecture Framework and
Environment) Information Access
SOP Service Order Processor
SOT Service Order Type
SS7 Signaling System 7
STP Signaling Transfer Point
TN Telephone Number
UDIT Unbundled Dedicated Interoffice Transport
UNE Unbundled Network Element
UNE-P Unbundled Network Element – Platform
VRU Voice Response Unit
WFA Work Force Administration
XDSL (x) Digital Subscriber Line. (The “x” prefix refers to DSL
generically. An “x” replaced by an “A” refers to Asymmetric
DSL, and by an “H” refers to High-bit-rate DSL.)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 105

APPENDIX A
PO-20 Feature Detail Fields
Feature Detail
Resale and UNE-P (POTS and Centrex 21):
CFN
Validate the call forwarding TN
CFNB
Validate the call forwarding TN
CFND
Validate the call forwarding TN
RCYC
FID associated with a call forwarding don’t answer USOC that determines how many rings before the call
forwards to the TN provided with the CFN or CFND FIDs.
HLN (HLA Hot Line)
FID associated with the USOC HLA (which is on our USOC list to validate.) The Hot Line feature call forwards
automatically to a pre-programmed number. This TN is provided following the HLN FID. The data provided in
the Feature Detail section on the LSR will be validated against the HLN FID on the service order to determine
whether the FID is present and the TN provided on the LSR with the FID is correct on the service order.
LINK (HME CALL FORWARDING TO CELLULAR)
FID associated with the USOC HME (which is on our USOC list to validate.) The HME feature call forwards a
call from the landline telephone number to a cellular telephone number. The LINK FID, along with the PCS
telephone number provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR, will be validated against the LINK FID on
the service order to determine whether the FID is present and the telephone number provided on the LSR
matches the telephone number on the service order.
DES on DID MBB
If the CLEC requests a DID voice mailbox the DID number will follow the FID DES on the LSR in the Feature
Detail section and on the service order. The DES FID along with the DID telephone number provided in the
Feature Detail section on the LSR will be validated against the DES FID on the service order to determine
whether the FID is present and the DID telephone number provided on the matches the telephone number on
the service order.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 106

APPENDIX A (continued)
TN on Custom Ring USOC (RGG1A etc.)
We currently have 9 custom ring USOCs on our PO-20 USOC list. Along with the custom ring USOC is the
TN FID. The TN FID along with the custom ring telephone number provided in the Feature Detail section on
the LSR will be validated against the TN FID on the service order to determine whether the FID is present and
the custom ring telephone provided on the LSR with the FID is correct on the service order. (The validation
would only apply if the USOC and FID were present in the Feature Detail section of the LSR.)
CAS (If provided on LSR for SEA)
Call Screening Code Assignment is a FID associated with the selective class of call feature (which is on our
USOC list to validate.) Along with the CAS FID is a two-digit number that indicates what type of screening is
being requested. The CAS FID along with a two-digit number is provided in the Feature Detail section on the
LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and
that the two-digit number matches the two-digit number provided on the LSR.
WW (if provided on LSR for TFM)
Working With is a FID associated with the transfer mailbox feature (which is on our USOC list to validate.)
Along with the WW FID is a ten-digit number that indicates where the voice mailbox is located. The WW FID
along with the ten-digit number is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will
validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the ten-digit number
matches the ten-digit number provided on the LSR.
MBOA (if provided on LSR for VFN)
Mailbox out-dial notification is a FID associated with the message notification feature (which is on our USOC
list to validate.) Along with the MBOA FID is a two-digit alphanumeric combination that indicates where the
notification will be sent (i.e., identifies pager type.) The MBOA FID along with the two-digit alphanumeric
combination is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID
is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the two-digit alphanumeric matches the two-
digit alphanumeric provided on the LSR.
DES on VGT (if provided on LSR)
Description is a FID associated with the scheduled greeting feature (which is on our USOC list to validate.)
Along with the DES FID is a ten-digit telephone number that reflects the DID mailbox number. The DES FID
along with the ten-digit telephone number is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20
review will validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the ten-digit
telephone number matches the ten-digit telephone number provided on the LSR.
WLT (WLS Warm Line)
Warm line timeout is a FID associated with the warm line feature. Along with the WLT FID is a one or two
numeric value that indicates the number of seconds that must elapse before the DMS-100 switch sets up the
connection for a warm line service number. The WLT FID along with the one or two numeric value is provided
in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID is floated on the service
order behind the feature USOC and that the one or two numeric value matches the one or two numeric value
provided on the LSR.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 107

APPENDIX A (continued)
FIDs associated with WFA (800 service line feature which is on our USOC list to validate):
SIT (if provided on LSR for WFA)
Special identifying telephone number is a FID associated with the 800 service line feature. Along with
the SIT FID is a ten-digit telephone number that reflects the 800, 888, 877, or 866 service line feature.
The SIT FID along with the ten-digit telephone number is provided in the Feature Detail section on the
LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature
USOC and that the ten-digit telephone number matches the ten-digit telephone number provided on
the LSR.
SIS (if provided on LSR for WFA)
Special Identifying Telephone Number Supplemental is a FID associated with the 800 service line
feature. The SIS FID along with a one-digit number is provided in the Feature Detail section on the
LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature
USOC and that the one-digit number matches the one-digit number provided on the LSR.
ELN (if provided on LSR for WFA)
800 Service listed name is a FID associated with the 800 service line feature. Along with the ELN FID
is a listed name, which follows the format of a business name. The ELN FID along with the name is
provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID is
floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the name matches the name provided
on the LSR.
ELA (if provided on LSR for WFA)
800 listed address is a FID associated with the 800 service line feature. Along with the ELA FID is an
address, which follows the format of a listed address plus LATA, State, and ZIP code. The ELA FID
along with the address is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will
validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the address
matches the address provided on the LSR.
AOS (if provided on LSR for WFA)
Area of service is a FID associated with the 800 service line feature. Along with the AOS FID are one
to two alphanumeric characters and three numeric characters which represents LATA and AC of the
address. The AOS FID along with the additional characters are provided in the Feature Detail section
on the LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the
feature USOC and that the additional characters match the additional characters provided on the LSR.
ALC (if provided on LSR for WFA)
IntraLATA carrier is a FID associated with the 800 service line feature. It indicates the IntraLATA
carrier for the 800 service. Along with the ALC FID is the three-digit code (OTC) for the IntraLATA
carrier. The ALC FID along with the three-digit code is provided in the Feature Detail section on the
LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature
USOC and that the three-digit code matches the three-digit code provided on the LSR.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 108

APPENDIX A (continued)
Resale and UNE-P Centrex 21
FIDs associated with SO3, SO5, SFB, C2TAX (Electronic Business Set USOCs which are on our USOC
list to validate):
KEY (If provided on LSR for Electronic Business Set EBS USOCs)
Key Designation (KEY number) is a FID associated with the Electronic Business Set feature. Along
with the KEY FID is a numeric value that indicates the key designated for different features or lines on
the EBS. The KEY FID along with the numeric value is provided in the Feature Detail section on the
LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature
USOC and that the numeric value matches the numeric value provided on the LSR.
MADN (If provided on LSR for Electronic Business Set EBS USOCs)
Multiple Appearance Directory Number Call Arrangement is a FID associated with the Electronic
Business Set feature. Along with the MADN FID is a set of alpha values that indicate the type,
appearance and ring status desired for different features or lines on the EBS. The KEY FID along with
the alpha values is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will validate
that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the alpha values match
the alpha values provided on the LSR.
ROL (If provided on LSR for Electronic Business Set EBS USOCs)
Ring On Line is a FID associated with the Electronic Business Set feature. Along with the ROL FID is
an alpha value that indicates if the line will ring (Y or N). The ROL FID along with the alpha value is
provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID is
floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the alpha value matches the alpha
value provided on the LSR.
TTYD (If provided on LSR for C2TAX)
Terminal Type is a FID associated with the adjunct module feature. Along with the TTYD FID is a 4
character alpha value based on customer equipment. The TTYD FID along with the 4 character alpha
value is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID
is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the 4 character alpha value matches
the 4 character alpha value provided on the LSR.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 109

APPENDIX A (continued)
FIDs associated with E3PPK (CALL PICK-UP feature which is on our USOC list to validate):
CPG (If provided on LSR for E3PPK)
Call Pickup Group is a FID associated with the CALL PICK-UP feature. Along with the CPG FID is a
1-3 digit numeric value that identifies the call pickup group. The CPG FID along with the 1-3 digit
numeric value is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that
the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the 1-3 digit numeric value
matches the 1-3 digit numeric value provided on the LSR.
CPUO (If provided on LSR for E3PPK)
Call Pickup-Originating is a FID associated with the CALL PICK-UP feature. Along with the CPUO FID
is an alphanumeric value that identifies the call pickup group. The CPUO FID along with the
alphanumeric value is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will
validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the
alphanumeric value matches alphanumeric value provided on the LSR.
CPUT (If provided on LSR for E3PPK)
Call Pickup-Terminating is a FID associated with the CALL PICK-UP feature. Along with the CPUT
FID is an alphanumeric value that identifies the call pickup group. The CPUT FID along with the
alphanumeric value is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will
validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the
alphanumeric value matches alphanumeric value provided on the LSR.
FIDs associated with GVJ, EZJ, GVZ, GV2, EVH, GVV (Speed Call feature USOCs that are on our USOC
list to validate):
SCG (If provided on LSR for Speed call USOCs)
Speed Call Group is a FID associated with the Speed call feature. Along with the SCG FID is a 7 digit
numeric value that identifies the controller of the group. The SCG FID along with the 7 digit numeric
value is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will validate that the FID
is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the 7 digit numeric value matches 7
digit numeric value provided on the LSR.
CSL (If provided on LSR for Speed call USOCs)
Change Speed Calling Group List is a FID associated with the Speed call feature. Along with the CSL
FID is a 2 digit numeric value that identifies the size of the group list. The SCG FID along with the 7
digit numeric value is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will
validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the 2 digit
numeric value matches 2 digit numeric value provided on the LSR.
SCF (If provided on LSR for Speed call USOCs)
Speed Calling Feature Name is a FID associated with the Speed call feature. Along with the SCF FID
is an alphanumeric value that identifies the controller of the shared list. The SCF FID along with the
alphanumeric value is provided in the Feature Detail section on the LSR. The PO-20 review will
validate that the FID is floated on the service order behind the feature USOC and that the
alphanumeric value matches alphanumeric value provided on the LSR.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Seventh Amended Exhibit B June 26, 2007 Page 110

EXHIBIT C
See Qwest’s Wholesale web-site for the Service Interval Guide.
Exhibit C -Qwest Fourteen State Template Version 1.8, May 11, 2005 1

Exhibit D
Date General Information Provided by Qwest:
General Agreement :
BAN Number(must be assigned before processing):__________________
REVISED QWEST RIGHT OF WAY, POLE ATTACHMENT, INNERDUCT OCCUPANCY GENERAL
INFORMATION: EFFECTIVE 6/29/01
1 PURPOSE. The purpose of this General Information document is to share information and provide
or deny permission to attach and maintain CLEC’s facilities (“Facilities”) to Qwest Corporation’s
(“Qwest”) Poles, to place Facilities on or within Qwest’s Innerduct (collectively “Poles/Innerduct”) and
to obtain access to Qwest’s private right of way (“ROW”), to the extent Qwest has the right to grant
such access. This General Information is necessary to determine if Qwest can meet the needs of the
CLEC’s request but does not guarantee that physical space or access is currently available.
Permission will be granted on a first-come, first-serve basis on the terms and conditions set forth in
the appropriate agreement pertaining to “Poles/Innerduct”.
2 PROCESS. The Qwest process is designed to provide the CLEC the information so as to assist
CLEC and Qwest to make Poles, Innerduct and ROW decisions in a cost-efficient manner. The
Process has these distinct steps:
2.1 Inquiry Review - Attachment 1.A (Database Search). The CLEC is requested to review
this document and return Attachment 1.A along with two copies of a map and the nonrefundable
Inquiry Fee, calculated in accordance with Attachment 1.A hereto. These fees are intended to
cover Qwest’s expenses associated with performing an internal record (database) review,
preparing a cost estimate for the required field survey, setting up an account, and determining
time frames for completion of each task to meet the CLEC’s Request. Be sure a BAN number is
assigned by the Qwest Service Support Representative for each request before sending an
Attachment 1.A. To request a BAN number send an email requesting one to:
wholesale.servicessupportteam@qwest.com. Include your name, company, phone number, email
address, city and state of our inquiry. A BAN number will be assigned to your inquiry and will be
emailed to you along with other materials.
As indicated on Attachment 1.A, a copy of the signed Attachment and maps of the desired route
must be emailed to wholesale.servicessupportteam@qwest.com while the fee must be sent to the
Qwest CLEC Joint Use Manager with the original signed Attachment 1.A. The map should clearly
show street names and highways along the entire route, and specific locations of entry and exit of
the ROW/duct/pole system. Area Maps should be legible and identify all significant geographic
characteristics including, but not limited to, the following: Qwest central offices, streets, cities,
states, lakes, rivers, mountains, etc. Qwest reserves the right to reject illegible or incomplete
maps. If CLEC wishes to terminate at a particular manhole (such as a POI) it must be indicated
on the maps. For ROW: Section, Range and Township, to the ¼ section must also be provided.
Qwest will complete the Inquiry review and prepare and return a Poles/Innerduct
Verification/ROW Access Agreement Preparation Costs Quotation (Attachment 1.B) to the CLEC
generally within ten (10) days or the applicable federal or state law, rule or regulation that governs
this Agreement in the state in which Innerduct attachment is requested. In the case of poles,
Qwest will assign a Field Engineer and provide his/her name and phone number to the CLEC.
The Field Engineer will check the local database and be available for a joint verification with the
CLEC. The Poles/Innerduct Verification/ROW Access Agreement Preparation Costs Quotation
will be valid for thirty (30) calendar days from the date of quotation. The Inquiry step results only
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 1

Exhibit D
in the location and mapping of Qwest facilities and does not indicate whether space is available.
This information is provided with Attachment 1.B.
In the case of ROW, Qwest will prepare and return a ROW information matrix and a copy of
agreements listed in the ROW Matrix, within ten (10) days. The ROW Matrix will identify (a) the
owner of the ROW as reflected in Qwest’s records, and (b) the nature of each ROW (i.e., publicly
recorded and non-recorded). The ROW information matrix will also indicate whether or not Qwest
has a copy of the ROW agreement in its possession. Qwest makes no representations or
warranties regarding the accuracy of its records, and CLEC acknowledges that, to the extent that
real property rights run with the land, the original granting party may not be the current owner of
the property.
In the case of MDUs, Qwest will prepare and return an MDU information matrix, within ten (10)
days, which will identify (a) the owner of the MDU as reflected in Qwest’s records, and (b)
whether or not Qwest has a copy of the agreement between Qwest and the owner of a specific
multi-dwelling unit that grants Qwest access to the multi-dwelling unit in its possession. Qwest
makes no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy of its records, and CLEC
acknowledges that the original landowner may not be the current owner of the property.
Qwest will provide to CLEC a copy of agreements listed in the Matrices that have not been
publicly recorded if CLEC obtains authorization for such disclosure from the third party owner(s)
of the real property at issue by an executed version of the Consent to Disclosure form, which is
included in Attachment 4. Qwest will redact all dollar figures from copies of agreements listed in
the Matrices that have not been publicly recorded that Qwest provides to CLEC. Alternatively, in
order to secure any agreement that has not been publicly recorded, a CLEC may provide a
legally binding and satisfactory agreement to indemnify Qwest in the event of any legal action
arising out of Qwest’s provision of such agreement to CLEC. In that event, the CLEC shall not be
required to execute the Consent to Disclosure form.
If there is no other effective agreement (i.e., an Interconnection Agreement) between CLEC and
Qwest concerning access to Poles, Ducts and ROW, then Attachment 3 must be executed by
both parties in order to start the Inquiry Review and in order for CLEC to obtain access to Poles,
Ducts and/or ROW.
2.2 Attachment 1.B (Verification) & Attachment 4 (Access Agreement Preparation). With
respect to Poles and Innerduct, upon review and acceptance of signed Attachment 1.B and
payment of the estimated verification costs by the CLEC, Qwest will conduct facilities verification
and provide the requested information which may or may not include the following: a review of
public and/or internal Qwest right-of-ways records for restrictions, identification of additional
rights-of-way required; a field survey and site investigation of the Innerduct, including the
preparation of distances and drawings, to determine availability on existing Innerduct;
identification of any make-ready costs required to be paid by the CLEC, if applicable, prior to
installing its facilities. In the case of Poles, Attachment 1.B orders the field verification which may
be done jointly. A copy of the signed Attachment 1.B should be emailed to
wholesale.servicessupportteam@qwest.com while the appropriate fees should be sent to the
Qwest-CLEC Joint Use Manager with the original signed Attachment 1.B. Upon completion of the
verification, Attachment 2 will be sent to the CLEC by Qwest.
With respect to ROW, upon review and acceptance of signed Attachment 1.B and payment of the
ROW conveyance consideration, Qwest will deliver to the CLEC an executed and acknowledged
Access Agreement to the CLEC in the form attached hereto as Attachment 4 (the “Access
Agreement”). In the event that the ROW in question was created by a publicly recorded document
and Qwest has a copy of such document in its files, a copy of the Right-of-Way Agreement, as
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 2

Exhibit D
defined in the Access Agreement, will be attached to the Access Agreement and provided to the
CLEC at the time of delivery of the Access Agreement. If the ROW was created by a document
that is not publicly recorded, or if Qwest does not have a copy of the Right-of-Way Agreement in
its possession, the Access Agreement will not have a copy of the Right-of-Way Agreement
attached. If the ROW was created by a non-publicly recorded document, but Qwest does not
have a copy of the Right-of-Way Agreement in its possession, the CLEC must obtain a copy of
the Right-of-Way Agreement or other suitable documentation reasonably satisfactory to Qwest to
describe the real property involved and the underlying rights giving rise to the Access Agreement.
Although Qwest will provide the identity of the original grantor of the ROW, as reflected in
Qwest’s records, the CLEC is responsible for determining the current owner of the property and
obtaining the proper signature and acknowledgement to the Access Agreement. If Qwest does
not have a copy of the Right-of-Way Agreement in its records, it is the responsibility of the CLEC
to obtain a copy of the Right-of-Way Agreement. If the ROW was created by a publicly recorded
document, the CLEC must record the Access Agreement (with the Right-of- Way Agreement
attached) in the real property records of the county in which the property is located. If the ROW
was created by a grant or agreement that is not publicly recorded, CLEC must provide Qwest with
a copy of the properly executed and acknowledged Access Agreement and, if applicable, properly
executed Consent Regarding Disclosure form or letter of indemnification.
Qwest is required to respond to each Attachment 1.B submitted by CLEC within 35 days of
receiving the Attachment 1.B. In the event that Qwest believes that circumstances require a
longer duration to undertake the activities reasonably required to deny or approve a request, it
may petition for relief before the Commission or under the escalation and dispute resolution
procedures generally applicable under the interconnection agreement, if any, between Qwest and
CLEC.
2.3 Poles/Duct Order Attachment 2 (Access). In the case of Poles and Innerduct, upon
completion of the inquiry and verification work described in Section 2.2 above, Qwest will provide
the CLEC a Poles/Innerduct Order (Attachment 2) containing annual recurring charges, estimated
Make-ready costs. Upon receipt of the executed Attachment 2 Order form from the CLEC and
applicable payment for the Make-Ready Fees identified, Qwest will assign the CLEC’s requested
space; Qwest will also commence the Make-ready work within 30 days following payment of the
Make-Ready Fees. Qwest will notify CLEC when Poles/Innerduct are ready for attachment or
placement of Facilities. A copy of the signed Attachment 2 form should be emailed to
wholesale.servicessupportteam@qwest.com while the payment should go to the Joint Use
Manager along with the original signed Attachment 2.
NOTE: Make-ready work performed by Qwest concerns labor only. For Poles it involves
rearrangement to accommodate the new attachment. For Innerduct, it involves placing the
standard three innerducts in the conduit to accommodate fiber cable where spare conduit exists.
Segments without conduit space are considered "blocked". Qwest will consider repair or clearing
damaged facilities, but may not construct new facilities as part of Make-ready work.
Construction work to place conduit or replace poles may be required where facilities are blocked.
The CLEC may contract separately with a Qwest-approved contractor to complete the
construction provided a Qwest inspector inspects the work during and after construction. If other
parties benefit from construction, the costs may be divided among the beneficiaries. Construction
costs are not included in Attachment 2. The CLEC is not encouraged to sign the Poles/Innerduct
Order (Attachment 2) until provisions have been made for construction.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 3

Exhibit D
2.4 Provision of ROW/Poles/Innerduct. Qwest agrees to issue to CLEC for any lawful
telecommunications purpose, a nonexclusive, revocable Order authorizing CLEC to install,
maintain, rearrange, transfer, and remove at its sole expense its Facilities on Poles/Innerduct to
the extent owned or controlled by Qwest. Qwest provides access to Poles/Innerduct/ROW in
accordance with the applicable federal, state, or local law, rule, or regulation, incorporated herein
by this reference, and said body of law, which governs this Agreement in the state in which
Poles/Innerduct is provided. Any and all rights granted to CLEC shall be subject to and
subordinate to any future federal, state, and/or local requirements. Nothing in this General
Information shall be construed to require or compel Qwest to construct, install, modify, or place
any Poles/Innerduct or other facility for use by the CLEC.
The costs included in the Poles/Innerduct Verification Fee are used to cover the costs incurred by
Qwest in determining if Poles/Innerduct space is available to meet the CLEC’s request; however,
the CLEC must agree and will be responsible for payment of the actual costs incurred if such
costs exceed the estimate. If the actual costs are less than the estimate, an appropriate credit
can be provided upon request. If Qwest denies access, Qwest shall do so in writing, specifying
the reasons for denial within 45 days of the initial inquiry.
Likewise, the fees included in the ROW processing costs quotation are used to cover the costs
incurred by Qwest in searching its databases and preparing the Access Agreement. In the event
that complications arise with respect to preparing the Access Agreement or any other aspect of
conveying access to Qwest’s ROW, the CLEC agrees to be responsible for payment of the actual
costs incurred if such costs exceed the standard fees; actual costs shall include, without
limitation, personnel time, including attorney time.
3. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
3.1. Other than those claims over which a federal or state regulatory agency has exclusive
jurisdiction, all claims, regardless of legal theory, whenever brought and whether between the
parties or between one of the parties to this Agreement and the employees, agents or affiliated
businesses of the other party, shall be resolved by arbitration. A single arbitrator engaged in the
practice of law and knowledgeable about telecommunications law shall conduct the arbitration in
accordance with the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) unless
otherwise provided herein. The arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with AAA procedures
from a list of qualified people maintained by AAA. The arbitration shall be conducted in the
regional AAA office closest to where the claim arose.
3.2. All expedited procedures prescribed by the AAA shall apply. The arbitrator’s decision
shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
3.3. Other than the determination of those claims over which a regulatory agency has
exclusive jurisdiction, federal law (including the provisions of the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
Sections 1-16) shall govern and control with respect to any issue relating to the validity of this
Agreement to arbitrate and the arbitrability of the claims.
3.4. If any party files a judicial or administrative action asserting claims subject to arbitration,
and another party successfully stays such action and/or compels arbitration of such claims, the
party filing the action shall pay the other party’s costs and expenses incurred in seeking such stay
or compelling arbitration, including reasonable attorney’s fees.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 4

Exhibit D
ATTACHMENT 1. A
Poles/Innerduct/ or ROW Inquiry Preparation Fee
General Agreement ___
BAN Number (one for each route must be assigned before processing):_________________
Date Submitted:__________________ Date Replied to CLEC:
CLEC Name______________________Contact name:__________________________________
Billing Address: ________________________________________________
Phone Number:___________________________ e-mail address:___________________________
State and city of inquiry:_____________________________________________________________
Poles/Innerduct Permit Database Search Costs Quotation
(One Mile Minimum) Costs Est. Miles Total
1. Pole Inquiry Fee (see attached pricing chart) X ______ = $__________
2. Innerduct Inquiry Fee (see attached pricing chart) X ______ = $__________
3. ROW Records Inquiry (see attached pricing chart) X ______ = $__________
4. Estimated Interval for Completion of Items 1, 2 or 3: 10 Days
5. Additional requirements of CLEC:
This Inquiry will result in (a) for Poles and Innerduct: a drawing of the duct or innerduct structure fitting
the requested route, if available, and a quote of the charges for field verification, and/or (b) in the case of
ROW, a ROW identification matrix, a quote of the charges for preparation of and consideration for, the
necessary Access Agreements, and copies of ROW documents in Qwest’s Possession. (c) For Poles,
the name and telephone number of the Field Engineer are provided so that the CLEC may contact the
Qwest Field engineer and discuss attachment plans. If a field verification of poles is required,
Attachment 1.B must be completed and the appropriate charges paid. Innerduct verification is always
needed.
By signing below and providing payment of the Estimated Costs identified above, the CLEC
desires Qwest to proceed with the processing of its database/records search and acknowledges
receipt of this General Information, including the General Terms and Conditions under which
Qwest offers such Poles/Innerduct. Quotes expire in 30 days.
Qwest Corporation
Signature Signature
Name Typed or Printed Name Typed or Printed
Title Title
Date Date
This signed form (original) must be sent with a check for the Inquiry amount (to "Qwest") to:
Manager, Qwest Joint Use, 6912 S Quentin, Suite 101, Englewood, CO 80112 303-784-0387.
A copy of this form must be sent with two acceptably-detailed maps showing the requested route to:
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 5

Exhibit D
Qwest Service Representative at: wholesale.servicessupportteam@qwest.com. Put "Agree" on
signature line.
ATTACHMENT 1.B
General Agreement
BAN Number:_________________
Poles/Innerduct Verification/ROW Access Agreement Preparation Costs Quotation
Date Nonrefundable Received: Date Replied to CLEC:
**NOTE: THIS ATTACHMENT WILL BE COMPLETED BY QWEST AND SENT TO THE CLEC FOR
SIGNATURE AFTER THE DATABASE INQUIRY IS COMPLETE.**
Estimated Costs Number Total Charge
1. Pole Field Verification Fee (10 pole minimum) _______ ______ $__________
2. Innerduct Field Verification Fee _______ ______ $__________
3. Preparation of private ROW agreements ________ $
4. Access Agreement Prep. and Consideration$10/ Access Agreement______ $__________
5. Estimated Interval to Complete Items 1 or 2 or 3 and/or 4: Working Days
Comments:
By signing below and providing payment of the Total Estimated Costs identified above, the CLEC desires
Qwest to proceed with the processing of its field survey/preparation of Access Agreements, and
acknowledges receipt of this General Information, including the General Terms and Conditions under
which Qwest offers such ROW/Poles/Innerduct. The CLEC acknowledges the above costs are estimates
only and CLEC may be financially responsible for final actual costs which exceed this estimate, or
receive credit if requested. Quotes expire in 30 days.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 6

Exhibit D
Qwest Corporation
Signature Signature
Name Typed or Printed Name Typed or Printed
Title Title
Date Date
The original signed form must be sent with a check for the verification amount to:
Manager, Qwest CLEC Joint Use, 6912 S Quentin, Suite 101, Englewood, CO 80112
An email copy of this form must be sent to: wholesale.servicessupportteam@qwest.com, with "Agree" on
the signature line.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 7

Exhibit D
ATTACHMENT 2
Poles/Innerduct Order General Agreement
BAN Number:_________________
**NOTE: THIS FORM WILL BE COMPLETED BY QWEST AND SENT TO CLEC FOR SIGNATURE**
Make-ready Work required: Yes ( ) No ( ) Date Received___________
If Yes is checked, estimated Make-ready costs: $
The following Attachments are hereby incorporated by reference into this Order:
1. Term - Effective Date - .
2. Summary of Field Results (including Make-Ready work if required).
3. When placing fiber, CLEC must:
a. provide Qwest representative, a final design of splice, racking and slack locations in Qwest utility holes.
b. tag all equipment located in/on Qwest’s facilities from beginning of the route to the end, and at the entrance and
exit of each utility hole with the following information: (1) CLEC’s Name and Contact Number, (2) Contract Number
and Date of Contract, (3) Number of Fibers in the Innerduct and Color of Occupied Innerduct.
Annual Recurring Charges for this Permit:
Total Annual
Annual Charge Quantity Charge
1. Pole Attachment, Per Pole $ / $
2. Innerduct Occupancy, Per Foot $ $
3. Request conf. call for Construction? ____ YES _____ NO
Please check YES if construction by Qwest is needed for access to Qwest manholes (e.g. core drills, stubouts, not
innerduct placement) For Poles, quantity is based on the number of vertical feet used (One cable attachment = one
foot). If you do not place an order at this time, these Poles/Innerduct will be assigned on a first come-first served
basis.
Additional Comments: THE ESTIMATED COSTS ARE FOR THE INSTALLATION OF INNERDUCT OR
REARRANGEMENT PER THE WORK SHEETS. THE ANNUAL RECURRING CHARGE FOR YEAR 2001 HAS
BEEN PRORATED TO____________ ( /DAY * DAYS). PLEASE PROVIDE PAYMENT FOR THE MAKE-
READY COSTS AND THE PRORATED 2001 RECURRING FEE ALONG WITH THIS SIGNED ORDER
By signing below and providing payment of the Make-ready costs and the first year’s prorated Annual Recurring
Charge (or, if CLEC requests Semiannual billing, then the first half-year’s prorated Semiannual Recurring Charge),
the CLEC desires Qwest to proceed with the Make-ready Work identified herein and acknowledges receipt of the
General Terms and Conditions under which Qwest offers such Poles/Innerduct. By signing this document you are
agreeing to the access described herein. Quotes expire in 90 days.
Return this signed form and check to: Manager, Joint Use Supervisor, Suite 101, 6912 S. Quentin,
Englewood, CO 80112. Send a copy to: wholesale.servicessupportteam@qwest.com.
Qwest Corporation
Signature Signature
Name Typed or Printed Name Typed or Printed
Title Title
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 8

Exhibit D
Date Date
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 9

Exhibit D
ATTACHMENT 3
General Agreement:___________________
QWEST RIGHT OF WAY ACCESS, POLE ATTACHMENT AND/OR INNERDUCT OCCUPANCY
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This is an Agreement between ____________________ (“CLEC”) and Qwest Corporation (“Qwest”), for
one or more Orders for the CLEC to obtain access to Qwest’s Right-of-Way (“ROW”) and/or to
install/attach and maintain their communications facilities (“Facilities”) to Qwest’s Poles and/or placement
of Facilities on or within Qwest’s Innerduct (collectively “Poles/Innerduct”) described in the General
Information and CLEC Map, which are incorporated herein by this reference (singularly “Order” or
collectively, “Orders”). If there is no other effective agreement (i.e., an Interconnection Agreement)
between CLEC and Qwest concerning access to Poles, Ducts and ROW, then this
Agreement/Attachment 3 must be executed by both parties in order to start the Inquiry Review and in
order for CLEC to obtain access to Poles, Ducts and/or ROW.
1. SCOPE.
1.1 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Qwest agrees to issue to CLEC for any lawful
telecommunications purpose, (a) one or more nonexclusive, revocable Orders authorizing
CLEC to attach, maintain, rearrange, transfer, and remove at its sole expense its Facilities
on Poles/Innerduct owned or controlled by Qwest, and/or (b) access to Qwest’s ROW to
the extent that (i) such ROW exists, and (ii) Qwest has the right to grant access to the
CLEC. Any and all rights granted to CLEC shall be subject to and subordinate to any
future local, state and/or federal requirements, and in the case of ROW, to the original
document granting the ROW to Qwest or its predecessors.
1.2 Except as expressly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
require or compel Qwest to construct, install, modify, or place any Poles/Innerduct or other
facility for use by CLEC or to obtain any ROW for CLEC’s use.
1.3 Qwest agrees to provide access to ROW/Poles/Innerduct in accordance with the
applicable local, state or federal law, rule, or regulation, incorporated herein by this
reference, which governs this Agreement in the state in which Poles/Innerduct is provided.
2. TERM. Any Order issued under this Agreement for Pole attachments or Innerduct occupancy
shall continue in effect for the term specified in the Order. Any access to ROW shall be non-
exclusive and perpetual, subject to the terms and conditions of the Access Agreement (as
hereinafter defined) and the original instrument granting the ROW to Qwest. This Agreement shall
continue during such time CLEC is providing Poles/Innerduct attachments under any Order to this
Agreement.
3. TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE.
3.1 To the extent permitted by law, either party may terminate this Agreement (which will have
the effect of terminating all Orders hereunder), or any individual Order(s) hereunder,
without cause, by providing notice of such termination in writing and by certified Mail to the
other party. The written notice for termination without cause shall be dated as of the day it
is mailed and shall be effective no sooner than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days
from the date of such notice.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 10

Exhibit D
3.2. Termination of this Agreement or any Order hereunder does not release either party from
any liability under this Agreement that may have accrued or that arises out of any claim
that may have been accruing at the time of termination, including indemnity, warranties,
and confidential information.
3.3 If Qwest terminates this Agreement for Cause, or if CLEC terminates this Agreement
without Cause, CLEC shall pay termination charges equal to the amount of fees and
charges remaining on the terminated Order(s) and shall remove its Facilities from the
Poles/Innerduct within sixty (60) days, or cause Qwest to remove its Facilities from the
Poles/Innerduct at CLEC’s expense; provided, however, that CLEC shall be liable for and
pay all fees and charges provided for in this Agreement to Qwest until CLEC’s Facilities
are physically removed. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon the
termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, all Orders hereunder shall
simultaneously terminate.
3.4 If this Agreement or any Order is terminated for reasons other than Cause, then CLEC
shall remove its Facilities from Poles/Innerduct within one hundred and eighty (180) days
from the date of termination; provided, however, that CLEC shall be liable for and pay all
fees and charges provided for in this Agreement to Qwest until CLEC’s Facilities are
physically removed.
3.5 Qwest may abandon or sell any Poles/Innerduct at any time by giving written notice to the
CLEC. Upon abandonment of Poles/Innerduct, and with the concurrence of the other
CLEC(s), if necessary, CLEC shall, within sixty (60) days of such notice, either apply for
usage with the new owner or purchase the Poles/Innerduct from Qwest, or remove its
Facilities therefrom. Failure to remove its Facilities within sixty (60) days shall be deemed
an election to purchase the Poles/Innerduct at the current market value.
4. CHARGES AND BILLING.
4.1. CLEC agrees to pay Qwest Poles/Innerduct usage fees (“Fees”) as specified in the Order.
Fees will be computed in compliance with applicable local, state and Federal law,
regulations and guidelines. Such Fees will be assessed, in advance on an annual basis.
Annual Fees will be assessed as of January 1st of each year. Fees are not refundable
except as expressly provided herein. CLEC shall pay all applicable Fees and charges
specified herein within thirty (30) days from receipt of invoice. Any outstanding invoice will
be subject to applicable finance charges.
4.2. Qwest has the right to revise Fees, at its sole discretion, upon written notice to CLEC
within at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of any annual billing period.
5. INSURANCE. The CLEC shall obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense the following
insurance during the life of the Contract:
5.1. Workers’ Compensation and/or Longshoremen’s and Harbor Workers Compensation
insurance with (1) statutory limits of coverage for all employees as required by statute;
and (2) although not required by statute, coverage for any employee on the job site; and
(3) Stop Gap liability or employer’s liability insurance with a limit of One Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) for each accident.
5.2 General liability insurance providing coverage for underground hazard coverage
(commonly referred to as “U” coverage), products/completed operations, premises
operations, independent contractor’s protection (required if contractor subcontracts the
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 11

Exhibit D
work), broad form property damage and contractual liability with respect to liability
assumed by the CLEC hereunder. This insurance shall also include: (1) explosion
hazard coverage (commonly referred to as “X” coverage) if the work involves blasting and
(2) collapse hazard coverage (commonly referred to as “C” coverage) if the work may
cause structural damage due to excavation, burrowing, tunneling, caisson work, or under-
pinning. The limits of liability for this coverage shall be not less than One Million Dollars
($1,000,000.00) per occurrence combined single limit for bodily injury or property damage.
These limits of liability can be obtained through any combination of primary and excess or
umbrella liability insurance.
5.3 Comprehensive automobile liability insurance covering the use and maintenance of
owned, non-owned and hired vehicles. The limits of liability for this coverage shall be not
less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) per occurrence combined single limit for
bodily injury or property damage. These limits of liability can be obtained through any
combination of primary and excess or umbrella liability insurance.
5.4 Qwest may require the CLEC from time-to-time during the life of the Contract to obtain
additional insurance with coverage or limits in addition to those described above.
However, the additional premium costs of any such additional insurance required by
Qwest shall be borne by Qwest, and the CLEC shall arrange to have such costs billed
separately and directly to Qwest by the insuring carrier(s). Qwest shall be authorized by
the CLEC to confer directly with the agent(s) of the insuring carrier(s) concerning the
extent and limits of the CLEC’s insurance coverage in order to assure the sufficiency
thereof for purposes of the work performable under the Contract and to assure that such
coverage as a hole with respect to the work performable are coordinated from the
standpoint of adequate coverage at the least total premium costs.
5.5 The insuring carrier(s) and the form of the insurance policies shall be subject to approval
by Qwest. The CLEC shall forward to Qwest, certificates of such insurance issued by the
insuring carrier(s). The insuring carrier(s) may use the ACORD form, which is the
Insurance Industries certificate of insurance form. The insurance certificates shall provide
that: (1) Qwest is named as an additional insured; (2) thirty (30) calendar days prior
written notice of cancellation of, or material change or exclusions in, the policy to which
the certificates relate shall be given to Qwest; (3) certification that underground hazard
overage (commonly referred to as “U” coverage) is part of the coverage; and (4) the words
“pertains to all operations and projects performed on behalf of the certificate holder” are
included in the description portion of the certificate. The CLEC shall not commence work
hereunder until the obligations of the CLEC with respect to insurance have been fulfilled.
The fulfillment of such obligations shall not relieve the CLEC of any liability hereunder or
in any way modify the CLEC’s obligations to indemnify Qwest.
5.6 Whenever any work is performed requiring the excavation of soil or use of heavy
machinery within fifty (50) feet of railroad tracks or upon railroad right-of-way, a Railroad
Protective Liability Insurance policy will be required. Such policy shall be issued in the
name of the Railroad with standard limits of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00) per
occurrence combined single limit for bodily injury, property damage or physical damage to
property with an aggregate limit of Six Million Dollars ($6,000,000.00). In addition, said
policy shall name Qwest and the CLEC/SubCLEC on the declarations page with respect
to its interest in these specific job. Said insurance policy shall be in form and substance
satisfactory both to the Qwest and the Railroad and shall be delivered to and approved by
both parties prior to the entry upon or use of the Railroad Property.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 12

Exhibit D
5.7 Whenever any work must be performed in the Colorado State Highway right-of-way,
policies and certificates of insurance shall also name the State of Colorado as an
additional insured. Like coverage shall be furnished by or on behalf of any subcontractor.
Copies of said certificates must be available on site during the performance of the work.
6. CONSTRUCTION AND MAINTENANCE OF FACILITIES.
6.1 Qwest retains the right, in its sole judgment, to determine the availability of space on
Poles/Innerduct. When modifications to a Qwest spare conduit include the placement of
innerduct, Qwest retains the right to install the number of innerducts required to occupy
the conduit structure to its full capacity. In the event Qwest determines that
rearrangement of the existing facilities on Poles/Innerduct is required before CLEC’s
Facilities can be accommodated, the cost of such modification will be included in the
CLEC’s nonrecurring charges for the associated Poles/Innerduct Order.
6.2 CLEC shall be solely responsible for obtaining the necessary underlying legal authority to
occupy Poles/Innerduct on governmental, federal, Native American, and private rights of
way, as applicable, and Qwest does not warrant or represent that providing CLEC with
access to the Poles/Innerduct in any way constitutes such legal right. The CLEC shall
obtain any necessary permits, licenses, bonds, or other legal authority and permission, at
the CLEC’s sole expense, in order to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The
CLEC shall contact all owners of public and private rights-of-way, as necessary, to obtain
written permission required to perform the work prior to entering the property or starting
any work thereon and shall provide Qwest with written documentation of such legal
authority prior to placement of its facilities on or in the Poles/Innerduct. The CLEC shall
comply with all conditions of rights-of-way and Orders.
6.3 CLEC’s Facilities shall be placed and maintained in accordance with the requirements and
specifications of the current applicable standards of Bellcore Manual of Construction
Standards, the National Electrical Code, the National Electrical Safety Code, and the rules
and regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, all of which are incorporated
herein by reference, and any governing authority having jurisdiction of the subject matter
of this Agreement. Where a difference in specifications exists, the more stringent shall
apply. Failure to maintain Facilities in accordance with the above requirements shall be
Cause as referenced in Section 3 to this Agreement for termination of the Order in
question. Termination of more than two (2) Orders in any twelve-month period pursuant
to the foregoing sentence shall be Cause as referenced in Section 3 for termination of this
Agreement. Qwest’s procedures governing its standard maintenance practices shall be
made available upon request for public inspection at the appropriate Qwest premises.
CLEC’s procedures governing its standards maintenance practices for Facilities shall be
made available to Qwest upon written request. CLEC shall within thirty (30) days comply
and provide the requested information to Qwest to bring their facilities into compliance
with these terms and conditions.
6.4. In the event of any service outage affecting both Qwest and CLEC, repairs shall be
effectuated on a priority basis as established by local, state or federal requirements, or
where such requirement do not exists, repairs shall be made in the following order:
electrical, telephone (local), telephone (long distance), and cable television, or as mutually
agreed to by the users of the effected Poles/Innerduct.
6.5 In the event of an infrastructure outage, the CLEC should contact their Network
Maintenance Center at 1-800-223-7881 or the CLEC may contact their Account Manager
at the Interconnect Service Center.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 13

Exhibit D
7. MODIFICATION TO EXISTING POLES/INNERDUCT.
7.1. If CLEC requests Qwest to replace or modify existing Poles/Innerduct to increase its
strength or capacity for the benefit of the CLEC and Qwest determines in its sole
discretion to provide the requested capacity, the CLEC shall pay Qwest the total
replacement cost, Qwest’s cost to transfer its attachments, as necessary, and the cost for
removal (including destruction fees) of any replaced Poles/Innerduct, if such is necessary.
Ownership of new Poles/Innerduct shall vest in Qwest. To the extent that a modification is
incurred for the benefit of multiple parties, CLEC shall pay a proportionate share of the
total cost as outlined above, based on the ratio of the amount of new space occupied by
the Facilities to the total amount of space occupied by all parties joining the modification.
Modifications that occur in order to bring Poles/Innerduct into compliance with applicable
safety or other requirements shall be deemed to be for the benefit of the multiple parties
and CLEC shall be responsible for its pro rata share of the modification cost. Except as
set forth herein, CLEC shall have no obligation to pay any of the cost of replacement or
modification of Poles/Innerduct requested solely by third parties.
7.2 Written notification of modification initiated by or on behalf of Qwest shall be provided to
CLEC at least sixty (60) days prior to beginning modifications if such modifications are not
the result of an emergency situation. Such notification shall include a brief description of
the nature and scope of the modification. If CLEC does not rearrange its facilitates within
sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice from Qwest requesting such rearrangement,
Qwest may perform or cause to have performed such rearrangement and CLEC shall pay
for cost thereof. No such notice shall be required in emergency situations or for routine
maintenance of Poles/Innerduct.
8. INSPECTION OF FACILITIES. Qwest reserves the right to make final construction, subsequent
and periodic inspections of CLEC’s facilities occupying the Poles/Innerduct system. CLEC shall
reimburse Qwest for the cost of such inspections except as specified in Section 8 hereof.
8.1. CLEC shall provide written notice to Qwest, at least fifteen (15) days in advance, of the
locations where CLEC’s plant is to be constructed.
8.2. The CLEC shall forward Exhibit A, entitled “Pulling In Report” attached hereto and
incorporated herein by this reference, to Qwest within five (5) business days of the date(s)
of the occupancy.
8.3. Qwest shall provide written notification to CLEC within seven (7) days of the date of
completion of a final construction inspection.
8.4. Where final construction inspection by Qwest has been completed, CLEC shall be
obligated to correct non-complying conditions within thirty (30) days of receiving written
notice from Qwest. In the event the corrections are not completed within the thirty (30)-
day period, occupancy authorization for the Poles/Innerduct system where non-complying
conditions remain uncorrected shall terminate immediately, regardless of whether CLEC
has energized the facilities occupying said Poles/Innerduct system, unless Qwest has
provided CLEC a written extension to comply. CLEC shall remove its facilities from said
Poles/Innerduct in accordance with the provisions set forth in Section 10 of this
Agreement. No further occupancy authorization shall be issued to CLEC until such non-
complying conditions are corrected or until CLEC’s facilities are removed from the
Pole/Conduit system where such non-complying conditions exist. If agreed to in writing,
by both parties, Qwest shall perform such corrections and CLEC shall pay Qwest the cost
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 14

Exhibit D
of performing such work. Subsequent inspections to determine if appropriate corrective
action has been taken my be made by Qwest.
8.5. Once the CLECs facilities occupy Qwest Poles/Innerduct system and Exhibit A has been
received by Qwest, Qwest may perform periodic inspections. The cost of such
inspections shall be borne by Qwest, unless the inspection reveals any violations,
hazards, or conditions indicating that CLEC has failed to comply with the provisions set
forth in this Agreement, in which case the CLEC shall reimburse Qwest for full costs of
inspection, and re-inspection to determine compliance as required. A CLEC
representative may accompany Qwest on field inspections scheduled specifically for the
purpose of inspecting CLEC’s Facilities; however, CLEC’s costs associated with its
participation in such inspections shall be borne by CLEC. Qwest shall have no obligation
to notify CLEC, and CLEC shall have no right to attend, any routine field inspections.
8.6. The costs of inspections made during construction and/or the final construction survey
and subsequent inspection shall be billed to the CLEC within thirty (30) days upon
completion of the inspection.
8.7. Final construction, subsequent and periodic inspections or the failure to make such
inspections, shall not impose any liability of any kind upon Qwest, and shall not relieve
CLEC of any responsibilities, obligations, or liability arising under this Agreement.
9. UNAUTHORIZED FACILITIES
9.1 If any facilities are found attached to Poles/Innerduct for which no Order is in effect,
Qwest, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies under this Agreement, shall
assess an unauthorized attachment administrative fee of Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00)
per attachment per Pole or innerduct run between manholes, and require the CLEC to
submit in writing, within ten (10) day after receipt of written notification from Qwest of the
unauthorized occupancy, a Poles/Innerduct application. Qwest shall waive the
unauthorized attachment fee if the following conditions are both met: (1) CLEC cures
such unauthorized attachment (by removing it or submitting a valid Order for attachment
in the form of Attachment 2 of Exhibit D, within thirty (30) days of written notification from
Qwest of the unauthorized attachment; and (2) the unauthorized attachment did not
require Qwest to take curative measures itself (e.g., pulling additional innerduct) prior to
the cure by CLEC. Qwest shall also waive the unauthorized attachment fee if the
unauthorized attachment arose due to error by Qwest rather than by CLEC. If such
application is not received by Qwest within the specified time period, the CLEC will be
required to remove its unauthorized facility within ten (10) days of the final date for
submitting the required application, Qwest may remove the CLEC’s facilities without
liability, and the cost of such removal shall be borne by the CLEC.
9.2 For the purpose of determining the applicable charge, the unauthorized Poles/Innerduct
occupancy shall be treated as having existed for a period of five (5) years prior to its
discovery, and the charges, as specified in Section 4, shall be due and payable forthwith
whether or not CLEC is ordered to continue the occupancy of the Poles/Innerduct system.
9.3. No act or failure to act by Qwest with regard to an unauthorized occupancy shall be
deemed to constitute the authorization of the occupancy; any authorization that may be
granted subsequently shall not operate retroactively or constitute a waiver by Qwest of
any of its rights of privileges under this Agreement or otherwise.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 15

Exhibit D
10. REMOVAL OF FACILITIES. Should Qwest, under the provisions of this Agreement, remove
CLEC’s Facilities from the Poles/Innerduct covered by any Order (or otherwise), Qwest will
deliver the Facilities removed upon payment by CLEC of the cost of removal, storage and
delivery, and all other amounts due Qwest. If payment is not received by Qwest within thirty (30)
days, CLEC will be deemed to have abandoned such facilities, and Qwest may dispose of said
facilities as it determines to be appropriate. If Qwest must dispose of said facilities, such action
will not relieve CLEC of any other financial responsibility associated with such removal as
provided herein. If CLEC removes its Facilities from Poles/Innerduct for reasons other than repair
or maintenance purposes, the CLEC shall have no right to replace such facilities on the
Poles/Innerduct until such time as all outstanding charges due to Qwest for previous occupancy
have been paid in full. CLEC shall submit Exhibit B, entitled “Notification of Surrender of
Modification of Conduit Occupancy License by CLEC,” or Exhibit C, entitled “Notification of
Surrender of Modification of Pole Attachment by CLEC,” each as attached hereto, advising Qwest
as to the date on which the removal of Facilities from each Poles/Innerduct has been completed.
11. INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES. CLEC shall indemnify and hold
harmless Qwest, its owners, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, directors, and employees
against any and all liabilities, claims, judgments, losses, orders, awards, damages, costs, fines,
penalties, costs of defense, and attorneys’ fees (“Liabilities”) to the extent they arise from or in
connection with: (1) infringement, or alleged infringement, of any patent rights or claims caused,
or alleged to have been caused, by the use of any apparatus, appliances, equipment, or parts
thereof, furnished, installed or utilized by the CLEC; (2) actual or alleged fault or negligence of the
CLEC, its officers, employees, agents, subcontractors and/or representatives; (3) furnishing,
performance, or use of any material supplied by CLEC under this Contract or any product liability
claims relating to any material supplied by CLEC under this Contract; (4) failure of CLEC, its
officers, employees, agents, subcontractors and/or representatives to comply with any term of
this Contract or any applicable local, state, or federal law or regulation, including but not limited to
the OSH Act and environmental protection laws; (5) assertions under workers’ compensation or
similar employee benefit acts by CLEC or its employees, agents, subcontractors, or
subcontractors’ employees or agents; (6) the acts or omissions (other than the gross negligence
or willful misconduct) of Qwest, its officers, employees, agents, and representatives, except as
otherwise provided in paragraphs 11.3 and 11.4 below; and/or, (7) any economic damages that
may rise, including damages for delay or other related economic damages that the Qwest or third
parties may suffer or allegedly suffer as a result of the performance or failure to perform work by
the CLEC. If both Qwest and the CLEC are sued as a result of or in connection with the
performance of work arising out of this Contract, the parties hereby agree that the defense of the
case (including the costs of the defense and attorneys’ fees) shall be the responsibility of the
CLEC, if Qwest desires. Qwest shall give the CLEC reasonable written notice of all such claims
and any suits alleging such claims and shall furnish upon the CLEC’s request and at the CLEC’s
expense all information and assistance available to the Qwest for such defense. The parties shall
employ Article 13, Dispute Resolution, to resolve any dispute concerning the proportional fault
and liability after the underlying case is terminated.
11.1 IF WORK IS PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF WASHINGTON UNDER THIS
GENERAL CONTRACT, THE CLEC ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS
INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION SHALL INCLUDE, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, ALL
CLAIMS AGAINST QWEST BY AN EMPLOYEE OR FORMER EMPLOYEE OF THE
CLEC, AND THE CLEC EXPRESSLY WAIVES ALL IMMUNITY AND LIMITATION ON
LIABILITY UNDER ANY INDUSTRIAL INSURANCE ACT, OTHER WORKERS’
COMPENSATION ACT, DISABILITY BENEFIT ACT, OR OTHER EMPLOYEE
BENEFIT ACT OF ANY JURISDICTION WHICH WOULD OTHERWISE BE
APPLICABLE IN THE CASE OF SUCH A CLAIM.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 16

Exhibit D
11.2 Except as expressly provided herein, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE
OTHER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS OF USE,
LOSS OF BUSINESS OR LOSS OF PROFIT; provided, however, there shall be no
limitation on a party’s liability to the other for any fines or penalties imposed on the
other party by any court of competent jurisdiction or federal, state or local
administrative agency resulting from the failure of the party to comply with any term or
condition of this Contract or any valid and applicable law, rule or regulation.
11.3 FOR ANY WORK PERFORMED IN ARIZONA, IDAHO, SOUTH DAKOTA, UTAH OR
WASHINGTON, SECTION 11(6) SHALL NOT EXTEND TO THE SOLE
NEGLIGENCE OF QWEST BUT SHALL EXTEND TO THE NEGLIGENCE OF
QWEST WHEN CONCURRENT WITH THAT OF THE CLEC.
11.4 FOR ANY WORK PERFORMED IN THE STATES OF MINNESOTA, NEBRASKA,
NEW MEXICO, OR OREGON, ARTICLE 11 SHALL NOT APPLY, EXCEPT THAT
SECTION 11 SHALL APPLY FOR WORK PERFORMED IN MINNESOTA FOR
MAINTENANCE OR REPAIR OF MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT, OR OTHER SUCH
DEVICES, USED AS PART OF A MANUFACTURING, COVERING, OR OTHER
PRODUCTION PROCESS INDULGING ELECTRIC, GAS, STEAM, AND
TELEPHONE UTILITY EQUIPMENT USED FOR PRODUCTION, TRANSMISSION,
OR DISTRIBUTION PURPOSES.
12. FORCE MAJEURE
12.1 The CLEC shall be excused from its performance as to any Order if prevented by acts or
events beyond the CLEC’s reasonable control including extreme weather conditions,
strikes, fires, embargoes, actions of civil or military law enforcement authorities, acts of
God, or acts of legislative, judicial, executive, or administrative authorities.
12.2 If such contingency occurs, Qwest may elect:
12.2.1 To terminate this Agreement as to the Order in question; or
12.2.2 To terminate already-assigned specific work assignment(s) the CLEC is unable to
perform, or any part thereof, and to assign new specific work assignments to other
parties for the duration of the cause of the delay; or
12.2.3 To suspend already-assigned specific work assignment(s) the CLEC is unable to
perform, or any part thereof, for the duration of the cause of the delay; and to
assign new specific work assignments to other parties for the duration of the cause
of the delay.
12.3 Qwest shall be deemed to have elected Section 12.2.3 above unless written notice of
termination is given by Qwest after the contingency occurs. With respect to Qwest’s
election of Section 12.2.3 above:
12.3.1 Qwest shall give the CLEC written notice of the work to be performed by
such other party prior to its performance and shall deduct from the CLEC’s
price the cost of the work or services actually performed by such other
parties.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 17

Exhibit D
12.3.2 The CLEC shall resume performance, and complete any work not
performed or to be performed by another party, once the delaying cause
ceases.
12.3.3 If appropriate, at the Qwest’s discretion, the time for completion of specific
work assignment(s) shall be extended up to the length of time the
contingency endured.
12.4 Qwest shall be excused from its performance if prevented by acts or events beyond the
Qwest’s reasonable control including extreme weather conditions, strikes, fires,
embargoes, actions of civil or military law enforcement authorities, acts of God, or acts of
legislative, judicial, executive, or administrative authorities.
13. DISPUTE RESOLUTION.
13.1. Other than those claims over which a regulatory agency has exclusive jurisdiction, all
claims, regardless of legal theory, whenever brought and whether between the parties or
between one of the parties to this Agreement and the employees, agents or affiliated
businesses of the other party, shall be resolved by arbitration. A single arbitrator engaged
in the practice of law and knowledgeable about telecommunications law shall conduct the
arbitration in accordance with the then current rules of the American Arbitration
Association (“AAA”) unless otherwise provided herein. The arbitrator shall be selected in
accordance with AAA procedures from a list of qualified people maintained by AAA. The
arbitration shall be conducted in the regional AAA office closest to where the claim arose.
13.2. All expedited procedures prescribed by the AAA shall apply. The arbitrator’s decision
shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
thereof.
13.3. Other than the determination of those claims over which a regulatory agency has
exclusive jurisdiction, federal law (including the provisions of the Federal Arbitration Act, 9
U.S.C. Sections 1-16) shall govern and control with respect to any issue relating to the
validity of this Agreement to arbitrate and the arbitrability of the claims.
13.4. If any party files a judicial or administrative action asserting claims subject to arbitration,
and another party successfully stays such action and/or compels arbitration of such
claims, the party filing the action shall pay the other party’s costs and expenses incurred
in seeking such stay or compelling arbitration, including reasonable attorney’s fees.
14. LAWFULNESS. This Agreement and the parties’ actions under this Agreement shall comply with
all applicable federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations, court orders, and governmental
agency orders. Any change in rates, charges or regulations mandated by the legally constituted
authorities will act as a modification of any contract to that extent without further notice. This
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state where Poles/Innerduct is provided. Nothing
contained herein shall substitute for or be deemed a waiver of the parties’ respective rights and
obligations under applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations and guidelines, including
(without limitation) Section 224 of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (47 U.S.C. 224).
The CLEC represents that it is a certified Competitive Local Exchange Carrier or otherwise has
the legal right, pursuant to 47 U.S.C. 224 to attach to Qwest’s pole pursuant to the terms thereof.
The CLEC acknowledges that Qwest will rely on the foregoing representation, and that if such
representation is not accurate, this Agreement shall be deemed void ab initio, except for Article 9
hereof, for which CLEC shall remain fully liable.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 18

Exhibit D
15. SEVERABILITY. In the event that a court, governmental agency, or regulatory agency with
proper jurisdiction determines that this Agreement or a provision of this Agreement is unlawful,
this Agreement, or that provision of the Agreement to the extent it is unlawful, shall terminate. If a
provision of this Agreement is terminated but the parties can legally, commercially and practicably
continue without the terminated provision, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in
effect.
16. GENERAL PROVISIONS.
16.1 Failure or delay by either party to exercise any right, power, or privilege hereunder, shall
not operate as a waiver hereto.
16.2 This Agreement shall not be assignable by CLEC without the express written consent of
Qwest, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Assignment of this Agreement by
CLEC to CLEC’s subsidiary or affiliate shall be presumed to be reasonable; provided,
however, that CLEC must obtain Qwest’s consent in any event.
16.3 This Agreement benefits CLEC and Qwest. There are no third party beneficiaries.
16.4 This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between CLEC and Qwest with
respect to Service provided herein and supersedes any prior agreements or
understandings.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 19

Exhibit D
The parties hereby execute and authorize this Agreement as of the latest date shown below:
CLEC Qwest Corporation
Signature Signature
Name Typed or Printed Name Typed or Printed
PRODUCT MANAGER
Title Title
Date Date
Address for Notices Address for Notices
Qwest Corporation
1801 California, Rm. 2330
Denver, CO 80202
Contact: Contact: Phone: 303-896-0789
Phone: FAX: 303-896-9022
FAX:
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 20

Exhibit D
EXHIBIT A
PULLING IN REPORT
This report is to be completed by the CLEC when fiber cable is placed into innerduct.
20
Send to:
Manager, Qwest Corp
700 W Mineral, Rm IAF12
Littleton, CO 80120 (303-707-7598)
This is to advise you that pursuant to General Agreement No. granted to us
under the terms of the Innerduct Agreement dated , 20__ we have completed installation
of the following cable into the following ducts.
Municipality
Location
From To Cable and
Manhole at Manhole at Equipment Installed
Name of CLEC
By:
Title:
Receipt of the above report is hereby acknowledged , 20__.
Qwest Corporation
By:
Title:
1. Reports shall be submitted in duplicate.
2. A complete description of all facilities shall be given, including a print showing the locations,
quantities, sizes and types of all cables and equipment.
3. Sketch to be furnished showing duct used. Must be same duct assigned to Licensee by Licensor
as shown on Exhibit ___, unless a change has been previously authorized in writing by Licensor.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 21

Exhibit D
EXHIBIT B
CLEC:
NOTIFICATION OF SURRENDER OR MODIFICATION
OF CONDUIT OCCUPANCY ORDER BY CLEC
Return to:
Manager, Qwest Corp
700 W Mineral, Rm IAF12
Littleton, CO 80120
In accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement between us, dated , 20__,
notice is hereby given that the licenses covering occupancy of the following conduit are surrendered
(and/or modified as indicated in Licensee’s prior notification to Licensor, dated ,
20__) effective .
CONDUIT LOCATION LIC. NO. & SURRENDER OR DATE
DATE MODIFICATION FAC. RMVD. OR
MODIFIED
Name of Licensor Name of Co- Provider
By
Date Notification Received
Title
Date Modification Accepted
By
Discontinued: Total duct footage
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 22

Exhibit D
EXHIBIT C
NOTIFICATION OF SURRENDER OR MODIFICATION
OF POLE ATTACHMENT ORDER BY CLEC
CLEC:
Return to:
Manager, Qwest Corp
700 W Mineral, Rm IAF12
Littleton, CO 80120
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement between Qwest and CLEC, dated
,20__, notice is hereby given that the licenses covering attachments to the following poles and/or
anchors, and/or utilization of anchor/guy strand is surrendered (or modified as indicated in CLEC’s prior
notification to Qwest, dated , 20__) effective .
POLE NO. ASSOC. POLE LIC. NO. & SURRENDER OR DATE FAC.
NO. DATE MODIFICATION RMVD OR
MODIFIED
1. A
A/GS -
2. A
A/GS -
3. A
A/GS -
4. A
A/GS -
5. A
A/GS -
6. A
A/GS -
7. A
A/GS -
8. A
A/GS -
9. A
A/GS -
Date Notification Received
Date Modification Received
By: Name of CLEC
Discontinued: By:
Poles
Anchors Anchor/Guy Strands Its:
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 23

Exhibit D
ATTACHMENT 4
FORM OF ACCESS AGREEMENT
After recording, please return to:
Manager
700 W Mineral, Rm IAF12
Littleton, CO 80120
ACCESS AGREEMENT
THIS ACCESS AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of the ___ day of _____, 20__, by
and between QWEST CORPORATION, a Colorado corporation, successor in interest to U S WEST
COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Colorado corporation (“Grantor”), whose address is
____________________________, and _____________________________________, a
___________________________, whose address is _________________________________________
(“Grantee”).
R E C I T A L S
A. This Agreement relates to certain real property (the “Property”) located in the County of
_________________ (the “County”), State of ____________ (the “State”).
B. A copy of an agreement purporting to grant to Grantor certain rights to use the Property,
as described therein (the “Easement Rights”), is attached as Exhibit A (the “Right of Way Agreement”).
C. Pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §§ 224 and 251(b)(5), Grantor, as a Local Exchange Carrier, is
required to provide access to rights-of-way to a requesting telecommunications carrier, as defined in 42
U.S.C. § 224. Grantee is a telecommunications carrier that has requested access to Grantor’s Easement
Rights. To comply with the aforementioned legal requirement, Grantor has agreed to share with Grantee
its Easement Rights, if any, relating to the Property, to the extent Grantor may legally convey such an
interest.
D. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Grantor has agreed to
convey to Grantee, without any representation or warranty, the right to use the Easement Rights, and
Grantee has agreed to accept such conveyance.
NOW, THEREFORE, for Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:
1. Grant of Right of Access. Grantor hereby conveys to Grantee and its Authorized Users (as
defined below) a non-exclusive, perpetual right to access and use the Easement Rights, which right shall
be expressly (a) subject to, subordinate to, and limited by the Right of Way Agreement, and (b) subject to
the terms and conditions hereof. As used in this Agreement, “Authorized Users” of Owner, Grantor and
Grantee shall mean Owner, Grantor or Grantee, as applicable, their respective Affiliates and agents,
licensees, employees, and invitees, including, without limitation, contractors, subcontractors, consultants,
suppliers, public emergency vehicles, shipping or delivery vehicles, or construction vehicles. “Affiliates”
means, with respect to any Person, any Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 24

Exhibit D
with such Person, together with its and their respective members, partners, venturers, directors, officers,
stockholders, agents, employees and spouses. A Person shall be presumed to have control when it
possesses the power, directly or indirectly, to direct, or cause the direction of, the management or
policies of another Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.
“Person” means an individual, partnership, limited liability company, association, corporation or other
entity.
2. Grantor’s Reserved Rights. Grantor reserves to itself and its Authorized Users the right to use
the Easement Rights for any purpose not incompatible with the rights conveyed to Grantee by this
Agreement.
3. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Agreement. This Agreement is expressly
conditioned on the following:
a. Recordation of Agreement. If the Right-of-Way Agreement has been publicly
recorded, Grantee shall be responsible for assuring that the Agreement is in appropriate form for
recording in the real property records of the County, shall pay for the recording thereof, and shall
provide a copy of the recorded Agreement to Grantor at the address set forth above. A legible
copy of the Right of Way Agreement must be attached to the Agreement when recorded or the
Agreement shall not be effective.
b. Payment of Costs and Expenses. Grantee shall pay to or reimburse Grantor for all
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, relating to Grantor’s execution and
delivery of this Agreement.
4. Grantee’s Representations and Warranties. Grantee represents and warrants to Grantor that:
a. Authority. Grantee is a __________, duly formed and validly existing under the laws
of the State of ____________. All necessary action has been taken by Grantee to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform the obligations set forth hereunder. Grantee is a
“telecommunications carrier” as that term is defined in 42 U.S.C. § 224.
b. Due Diligence. Grantee acknowledges and agrees that neither Grantor nor any agent,
employee, attorney, or representative of Grantor has made any statements, agreements,
promises, assurances, representations, or warranties, whether in this Agreement or otherwise
and whether express or implied, regarding the Right of Way Agreement or the Easement Rights
or the assignability or further granting thereof, or title to or the environmental or other condition of
the Property. Grantee further acknowledges and agrees that Grantee has examined and
investigated to its full satisfaction the physical nature and condition of the Property and the
Easement Rights and that it is acquiring the Easement Rights in an “AS IS, WHERE IS” condition.
Grantee expressly waives all claims for damages by reason of any statement, representation,
warranty, assurance, promise or agreement made, if any.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 25

Exhibit D
5. Grantee’s Covenants.
a. Compliance with Right of Way Agreement. Grantee agrees that the rights granted by
Grantor hereunder are expressly subject to, subordinate to, and limited by the Right of Way
Agreement, and Grantee further agrees to comply in all respects with the terms and conditions of
the Right of Way Agreement as they apply to the holder or user of the Easement Rights. In the
event Grantee fails to observe or perform any of its obligations under the Right of Way
Agreement, Grantor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to perform or observe such
obligation to the extent that such obligation can be observed or performed by Grantor.
b. Compliance with Laws. Grantee agrees to use the Property and the Easement Rights
in compliance with all applicable laws.
c. No Further Grant. Grantee shall not grant to any Person other than Grantee’s
Authorized Users the right to use the Easement Rights without the prior written consent of
Grantor, which consent may be granted or withheld in Grantor’s sole discretion.
d. Non-Interference. Grantee agrees that it will not interfere with Grantor’s or Grantor’s
Authorized Users’ use of the Easement Rights and will not take any action or fail to take any
action that would negatively affect the Easement Rights or cause or contribute to the termination
of the Right of Way Agreement.
6. Indemnification. Grantee hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Owner, Grantor and
their respective Affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, judgments, damages, liabilities,
penalties, fines, suits, causes of action, costs of settlement, and expenses (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys’ fees) which may be imposed upon or incurred by Grantor or its Authorized Users,
or any of them, arising from, relating to or caused by Grantee’s breach of this Agreement or the use, or
the use by any of Grantee’s Authorized Users, of the Easement Rights. In addition to the indemnity
obligations described above, in the event that any act or omission of Grantee or Grantee’s Authorized
Users causes, directly or indirectly, and without reference to any act or omission of Owner, Grantor or
their respective Authorized users, the termination or revocation of the Easement Rights, Grantee shall be
liable to Grantor for all costs incurred in connection with (a) acquiring replacement Easement Rights over
the Property or over other suitable Property, as determined in Grantor’s sole judgment (the
“Replacement Easement”), (b) the fully-loaded cost of constructing replacement facilities over the
Replacement Easement, (c) the cost of removing its facilities and personal property from the Property, if
required by the Right of Way Agreement, and (d) any other costs of complying with the Right of Way
Agreement, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees. Grantee shall pay all such amounts
within ten (10) days of receipt of any invoice for such costs delivered to Grantee by Owner, Grantor or
their respective Authorized Users.
7. Condemnation. If any action is taken whereby the Right of Way Agreement or any part of the
Easement Rights are terminated, relocated or otherwise affected, by any taking or partial taking by a
governmental authority or otherwise, then such any compensation due or to be paid to the holder of the
Easement Rights due to such occurrence shall belong solely to Grantor.
8. Severable Provisions. If any term of this Agreement shall, to any extent, be invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and each term of this
Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
9. Default; Remedies. (a) If Grantee files a petition in bankruptcy, or a petition is bankruptcy is
filed against Grantee, which is not dismissed on or before fifteen (15) days after such filing, or (b) in the
event of Grantee’s breach or threatened breach of any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement,
then Grantor shall have, in addition to all other legal and equitable remedies, the right to (x) terminate
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 26

Exhibit D
this Agreement, (y) enforce the provisions hereof by the equitable remedy of specific performance, or (z)
enjoin such breach or threatened breach by injunctive action, all without the necessity of proof of actual
damages or inadequacy of any legal remedy. Grantee agrees to pay all costs of enforcement of the
obligations of Grantee hereunder, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and all costs of suit, in case it
becomes necessary for Grantor to enforce the obligations of Grantee hereunder, whether suit be brought
or not, and whether through courts of original jurisdiction, as well as in courts of appellate jurisdiction, or
through a bankruptcy court or other legal proceedings.
10. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement may be assigned at any time in
whole or in part by Grantor.
11. No Dedication. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall constitute a gift or dedication of any
portion of the Easement Rights to the general public or for any public purpose whatsoever. There are no
intended third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
12. Grantor’s Waiver of Confidentiality. If the Right of Way Agreement is not publicly recorded,
Grantor hereby grants a limited waiver of any right to keep the terms and conditions of the Right of Way
Agreement confidential, except for any dollar amounts in the Right of Way Agreement, which rights
Grantor expressly reserves, and subject to Grantee's and Owner's compliance with the terms and
conditions in this paragraph. In all instances, Grantee will use the Right of Way Agreement only for the
following purposes: (a) to determine whether Grantor has ownership or control over duct, conduits, or
rights-of-way within the property described in the Right of Way Agreement; (b) to determine the
ownership of wire within the property described in the Right of Way agreement; or (c) to determine the
demarcation point between Grantor facilities and the Owner's facilities in the property described in the
agreement. Grantee further agrees that Grantee shall not disclose the contents, terms, or conditions of
any agreement provided pursuant to Section 10.8 to any Grantee agents or employees engaged in
sales, marketing, or product management efforts on behalf of Grantee. Grantor’s waiver of rights,
subject to the limitations set forth above, is intended to be effective whether or not such right to
confidentiality is expressly set forth in the Right of Way Agreement or elsewhere or may have been
agreed to orally, and so long as Grantee and Owner comply with the conditions set forth above, Grantor
further covenants not to assert any claim or commence any action, lawsuit, or other legal proceeding
against Owner or Grantee, based upon or arising out of Grantor’s alleged right to confidentiality relating
to the Right of Way Agreement, except in the event of disclosure of dollar amounts in the Right of Way
Agreement. Grantor’s waiver is expressly conditioned on Owner’s waiver of Owner’s confidentiality
rights, as set forth in the Consent to Disclosure form, which is a part hereof, or Grantee's provision to
Grantor of a legally binding and satisfactory agreement to indemnify Grantee in the event of any legal
action arising out of Owner's provision of a non-recorded agreement to Grantee . In the event that , the
person executing the Consent to Disclosure form does not have the legal right to bind the Owner,
Grantor reserves the right to maintain an action for damages, including, without limitation, consequential
damages, arising from such improper execution against any Person improperly executing the Consent to
Disclosure form. In any event, Grantor reserves its right to (a) to enforce the confidentiality provisions of
the Right of Way Agreement as to any dollar amounts set forth in such Right of Way Agreements, and/or
(b) to maintain an action for damages, including, without limitation, consequential damages, arising from
the disclosure of the dollar amounts in any Right of Way Agreement, against any party, including, without
limitation, against Grantee or against any Person improperly executing the Consent to Disclosure form.
13. Notices. All notices to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed delivered (a)
when personally delivered, or (b) three (3) business days after being mailed postage prepaid, by United
States certified mail, return receipt requested, or (c) one business day after being timely delivered to an
overnight express courier service such as Federal Express which provides for the equivalent of a return
receipt to the sender, to the above described addresses of the parties hereto, or to such other address
as a party may request in a writing complying with the provisions of this Section.
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 27

Exhibit D
14. Modification; Counterparts. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or changed, nor
shall any waiver of any provision hereof be effective, except by an instrument in writing and signed by the
party against whom enforcement of any amendment, modification, change or waiver is sought. This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute but one and the
same document.
15. Controlling Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State.
16. Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT OF APPLICABLE LAW, ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING
OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
[Signature pages follow]
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 28

Exhibit D
EXECUTED as of the date first written above.
GRANTOR:
Witnessed by: _________________ QWEST CORPORATION, a Colorado corporation,
successor in interest to
U S WEST COMMUNICATIONS, INC.,
a Colorado corporation
By:
Name:
Title:
STATE OF ______________________ )
) ss:
COUNTY OF ____________________ )
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this ___ day of __________________,
20__, by ______________________________ as
____________________________________________ of QWEST CORPORATION, a Colorado
corporation.
Witness my hand and official seal.
(SEAL)
_____________________________________________
Notary Public
My Commission Expires: _______________________
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 29

Exhibit D
EXECUTED as of the date first written above.
GRANTEE:
Witnessed by: _____________ ___________________________, a
________________
By:
Name:
Title:
STATE OF ______________________ )
) ss:
COUNTY OF ____________________ )
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this ___ day of __________________,
20__, by ______________________________ as
____________________________________________ of ____________________________________,
a _______________________________.
Witness my hand and official seal.
(SEAL)
_____________________________________________
Notary Public
My Commission Expires: ________________________
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 30

Exhibit D
CONSENT TO DISCLOSURE
THE UNDERSIGNED, ____________________________, a _____________
(“Owner”), whose address is
___________________________________________________________, hereby consents to
the terms of the following paragraphs regarding the agreement described or entitled as
_____________________________________between Qwest Corporation, formerly U S WEST
Communications, Inc. ("Qwest") and Owner of the property located at
______________________________("Property") that provides Qwest with access to Owner's
Property (the “Agreement”).
FOR TEN DOLLARS ($10) and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Owner agrees as follows:
1. Title to Property. Owner represents and warrants either (a) that Owner is the owner of fee title
to the Property described in the Agreement or, if no description of the Property is given in the
Agreement, then (b) that Owner is the grantor, or the successor to or assignee of the grantor, of
the easement rights, if any, under the Agreement. Owner further represents and warrants that
Owner has the legal right to execute this Consent to Disclosure, including, without limitation, the
right to waive the confidentiality of the Agreement as set forth in paragraph 3 of this Consent to
Disclosure.
2. Owner’s Acknowledgments. Owner expressly acknowledges that (a) this is a legal document
that may affect Owner’s rights and Owner was given the opportunity to have the Agreement and
this Consent to Disclosure reviewed by Owner’s attorney; and (b) Owner, by signing this
Consent to Disclosure, waives any rights it may have to keep the terms and provisions of the
Agreement confidential.
3. Owner’s Waiver of Confidentiality. Owner hereby waives any right it may have to keep the
terms and conditions of the Agreement confidential, whether or not such right to confidentiality is
expressly set forth in the Agreement or elsewhere or may have been agreed to orally, subject to
the compliance of the competitive local exchange carrier ("CLEC") with the requirements of
paragraph 5. Owner further covenants not to assert any claim or commence any action, lawsuit,
or other legal proceeding against Qwest or CLEC presenting this Consent to Disclosure, based
upon or arising out of Owner’s alleged right to confidentiality relating to the Agreement. Owner's
consent to disclosure applies only to the Agreement that is described in this Consent to
Disclosure form and only to the undersigned CLEC.
4. Qwest's Waiver of Confidentiality. Qwest represents and warrants that it is granting a limited waiver
of its confidentiality rights that permits CLEC to review the Agreement subject to CLEC's compliance with
the requirements of paragraph 5 and Qwest's right to redact all dollar amounts set forth in the
Agreement. Qwest's consent to disclosure applies only to the Agreement that is described in this
Consent to Disclosure form and only to the undersigned CLEC.
5. CLEC's Obligations. CLEC shall use the Agreement exclusively for the following purposes and for no
other purpose whatsoever:
(a) to determine whether Qwest has ownership or control over duct, conduits, or rights-of-way
within the Property described in the Agreement; or
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 31

Exhibit D
(b) to determine the ownership of wire within the Property described in the Agreement; or
(c) to determine the demarcation point between Qwest facilities and the Owner's facilities in
the Property described in the Agreement.
CLEC further agrees that CLEC shall not disclose the contents, terms, or conditions of the Agreement to
any CLEC agents or employees engaged in sales, marketing, or product management efforts on behalf
of CLEC.
6. Acknowledgement of Limitation on Waivers. Owner understands that Qwest does not agree to
waive the confidentiality of the dollar amounts set forth in any Agreement, and acknowledges
that Owner has no right to provide copies of such Agreements to any party unless Owner has
completely deleted the dollar amounts. Owner shall not provide a copy of the Agreement unless
Owner has completely deleted all dollar amounts. Whether provided by Owner or Qwest, CLEC
shall comply with the conditions set forth in paragraph 5.
7. Notices. All notices to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed delivered (a)
when personally delivered, or (b) three (3) business days after being mailed postage prepaid, by
United States certified mail, return receipt requested, or (c) one business day after being timely
delivered to an overnight express courier service such as Federal Express which provides for
the equivalent of a return receipt to the sender, to the above described addresses of the parties
hereto, or to such other address as a party may request in a writing complying with the
provisions of this Section.
EXECUTED as of the date first written above.
OWNER:
_________________________________________,
CLEC:
__________________________________________
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 32

Exhibit D
EXHIBIT 1
Right of Way Agreement
(This represents the ROW agreement between the Co-Provider and the property owner)
Date/Initials/COMPANY/STATE/ Agreements Number CDS-xxxxxx-xxxx
Qwest Nebraska October 4, 2004 Page 33

EXHIBIT E
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Qwest All States October 4, 2004 Page 1

EXHIBIT F
SPECIAL REQUEST PROCESS
1. The Special Request Process shall be used for the following requests:
1.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.3 Requesting a combination of Unbundled Network Elements that is a combination
not currently offered by Qwest as a standard product and:
1.3.1 that is made up of UNEs that are defined by the FCC or the Commission
as a network element to which Qwest is obligated to provide unbundled access,
and;
1.3.2 that is made up of UNEs that are ordinarily combined in the Qwest
network.
1.4 Requesting an Unbundled Network Element that does not require a technical
feasibility analysis and has been defined by the FCC or the State Commission as a
network element to which Qwest is obligated to provide unbundled access, but for which
Qwest has not created a standard product.
2. Any request that requires an analysis of Technical Feasibility shall be treated as a Bona
Fide Request (BFR), and will follow the BFR Process set forth in this Agreement. If it is
determined that a request should have been submitted through the BFR process, Qwest will
consider the BFR time frame to have started upon receipt of the original Special Request
application form.
3. A Special Request shall be submitted in writing and on the appropriate Qwest form,
which is located on Qwest’s website.
4. Qwest shall acknowledge receipt of the Special Request within two (2) business days of
receipt.
5. Qwest shall respond with an analysis, including costs and timeframes, within fifteen (15)
business days of receipt of the Special Request. In the case of UNE Combinations, the analysis
shall include whether the requested combination is a combination of network elements that are
ordinarily combined in the Qwest network. If the request is for a combination of network
elements that are not ordinarily combined in the Qwest network, the analysis shall indicate to
CLEC that it should use the BFR process if CLEC elects to pursue its request.
6. Upon request, Qwest shall provide CLEC with Qwest’s supporting cost data and/or
studies for Unbundled Network Elements that CLEC wishes to order within seven (7) business
days, except where Qwest cannot obtain a release from its vendors within seven (7) business
days, in which case Qwest will make the data available as soon as Qwest receives the vendor
release. Such cost data shall be treated as Confidential Information, if requested by Qwest
under the non-disclosure sections of this Agreement.
Qwest All States August 24, 2006 Page 1

EXHIBIT G
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Qwest All States October 4, 2004 Page 1

EXHIBIT H
Calculation of the Relative Use Factor (RUF)
Minutes that are Qwest’s responsibility (A):
 All EAS/Local 251(b)(5) Minutes of Use (MOU) that Qwest sends to CLEC
 All Qwest Exchange Access MOU that Qwest sends to CLEC
 EAS/Local 251(b)(5) traffic that transits Qwest network and is terminated to CLEC,
for which Qwest receives compensation from the originating Carrier for performing
the local transiting function
 All IntraLATA transit MOU that Qwest sends to CLEC
 All ISP-bound and FX MOU that CLEC sends to Qwest
Minutes that are CLEC’s responsibility (B):
 All EAS/Local 251(b)(5) MOU that CLEC sends to Qwest
 All Exchange Access MOU that CLEC sends to Qwest
 All EAS/Local 251(b)(5) traffic that CLEC sends to Qwest for termination on another
Carrier’s network
 All IntraLATA transit MOU that CLEC sends to Qwest
 All Jointly Provided Switched Access (unless joint NECA 4 billing percentages have
been filed) that Qwest sends to CLEC and that CLEC sends to Qwest
 All ISP-bound and VNXX MOU that Qwest sends to CLEC
 All VNXX MOU that transits Qwest network and is terminated to CLEC
The mathematical equation for RUF is as follows:
Qwest (A) / (A+B) Rounded to nearest whole percentage
CLEC (B) / (A+B) Rounded to nearest whole percentage
Data used for the calculation will be the average of the most recent three (3) months’
usage determined not to be an anomaly.
Exhibit H -Qwest Eleven State Template Version 1.8, August 22, 2008 1
Qwest All States Except Colorado - Minnesota and Washington

Exhibit I – Individual Case Basis
1. This Agreement contains references to both ICB rates and ICB intervals. The
purpose of this exhibit is to identify how CLEC’s ICB requests – whether they be
for rates or intervals – are processed through and by Qwest.
2. ICB Rate Intervals
2.1 For those products and services identified in the Agreement that contain a
provision for ICB rates, Qwest will provide CLEC with a written quote of
the ICB rate within twenty (20) business days unless a specific interval for
providing the quote is either contained in the Agreement or this Exhibit.
2.2 The purpose of this subsection is to identify those circumstances when the
generic twenty (20) business day interval in the aforementioned subsection
to this Exhibit does not apply. In these specified circumstances, Qwest
shall provide CLEC with an ICB quote within the stated specific intervals:
2.2.1 Quotes for all Bona Fide Requests (BFR) shall be provided in
accord with Section 17.
2.2.2 Quotes for all Special Request Processes (SRP) shall be provided
in accord with Exhibit F.
2.2.3 Quotes for all collocation requests, regardless of the type of
collocation, shall be provided in accord with the Section 8 interval.
2.2.4 Quotes for all Field Connection Point requests shall be provided in
accord with Section 9.3.
2.2.5 Quotes for all Advanced Intelligent Network (AIN) requests shall
be provided in accord with Section 9.
2.3 Upon request, Qwest shall provide CLEC with Qwest’s supporting cost
data and/or cost studies for the Unbundled Network Element or service
that CLEC wishes to order within seven (7) business days, except where
Qwest cannot obtain a release from its vendors within seven (7) business
days, in which case Qwest will make the data available as soon as Qwest
receives the vendor release. Consistent with the terms and conditions of
any applicable vendor contract or agreement, Qwest shall diligently pursue
obtaining the release of cost information as soon as reasonably possible.
To the extent consistent with the terms and obligations of any applicable
vendor contract or agreement, Qwest shall request the release of vendor
cost information when Qwest communicates with the vendor(s) when
Qwest seeks a quote for the costs of the ICB project. Such cost data shall
be treated as confidential information if requested by Qwest under the
non-disclosure sections of this Agreement.
Negotiations Template, Exhibit I 9-20-04 Page 1

Exhibit I – Individual Case Basis
3. ICB Provisioning Intervals
3.1 For those products and services provided pursuant to this Agreement that
contain a provision for ICB interval but do not contain a specific provision
for when the ICB interval shall be provided, the ICB interval shall be
provided within twenty (20) business days of receipt of the order, request
or application.
3.2 For ICB intervals for those products and services that require negotiated
project time lines for installation, such as 2/4 wire analog loop for more
than twenty-five (25) loops, the Qwest representative, authorized to
commit to intervals, shall meet with CLEC’s representative within seven
(7) business days of receipt of the request from CLEC to negotiate
intervals.
Negotiations Template, Exhibit I 9-20-04 Page 2

Exhibit J
Election of Reciprocal Compensation Option
Pursuant to the election in this Exhibit J of this Agreement, the Parties agree to exchange
(§251(b)(5)) Traffic, per section 7.3.4.4 at:
CLEC must select either 1. OR 2.
1. The rates applicable to §251(b)(5) Traffic between Qwest and CLEC shall be the same as the
rates established in ISP-bound traffic pursuant to Exhibit A, Section 7.7. Such rate for ISP-bound
traffic will apply to §251(b)(5) Traffic in lieu of End Office Call Termination rates, and Tandem
Switched Transport rates.
Signature
2. Compensation rate for §251(b)(5) Traffic shall be as established by the Commission pursuant
to Exhibit A, Section 7.6, the rates as appropriate.
Signature
When the FCC ordered rate for ISP-bound traffic is applied to (§251(b)(5)) Traffic, the FCC
Ordered ISP rate is used in lieu of End Office call termination and Tandem Switched Transport
rate elements.
Negotiations Template Exhibit J Page 1

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
1.0 Introduction
1.1 As set forth in this Agreement, Qwest and CLEC voluntarily agree to the terms of the
following Performance Assurance Plan (“PAP”), initially prepared in conjunction with
Qwest’s application for approval under Section 271 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996
(the “Act”) to offer in-region long distance service and subsequently modified in accordance
with the Commission’s orders and, where applicable, by operation of law.
2.0 Plan Structure
2.1 The PAP is a two-tiered, self-executing remedy plan. CLEC shall be provided with
Tier 1 payments if, as applicable, Qwest does not provide parity between the service it
provides to CLEC and that which it provides to its own retail customers, or Qwest fails to
meet applicable benchmarks.
2.1.1 As specified in section 7.0, if Qwest fails to meet parity and benchmark standards on
an aggregate CLEC basis, Qwest shall make Tier 2 payments to the Nebraska Competitive
Telephone Marketplace Fund established by the Nebraska Public Service Commission.
2.2 As specified in sections 6.0 and 7.0 and Attachments 1 and 2, payment is generally on
a per occurrence basis, (i.e., a set dollar payment times the number of non-conforming service
events). For the performance measurements which do not lend themselves to per occurrence
payment, payment is on a per measurement basis, (i.e., a set dollar payment). The level of
payment also depends upon the number of consecutive months of non-conforming
performance, (i.e., an escalating payment the longer the duration of non-conforming
performance) unless otherwise specified.
2.3 Qwest shall be in conformance with the parity standard when service Qwest provides
to CLEC is equivalent to that which it provides to its retail customers. The PAP relies upon
statistical scoring to determine whether any difference between CLEC and Qwest
performance results is significant, that is, not attributable to simple random variation.
Statistical parity shall exist when performance results for CLEC and for Qwest retail analogue
result in a z-value that is no greater than the critical z-values listed in the Critical Z-Statistical
Table in section 5.0.
2.4 For performance measurements that have no Qwest retail analogue, agreed upon
benchmarks shall be used. Benchmarks shall be evaluated using a “stare and compare”
method. For example, if the benchmark is for a particular performance measurement is 95%
or better, Qwest performance results must be at least 95% to meet the benchmark. Percentage
benchmarks will be adjusted to round the allowable number of misses up or down to the
closest integer, except when a benchmark standard and low CLEC volume are such that a
100% performance result would be required to meet the standard and has not been attained in
which case section 3.1.2 applies.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 1

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
3.0 Performance Measurements
3.1 The performance measurements that are in the PAP and either (1) subject to the PAP
payment mechanisms or (2) not subject to the PAP payment mechanisms but subject to the
Reinstatement/Removal Process set forth in section 3.2 below are identified in Attachment 1
and sections 6.3 and 7.4. Each performance measurement identified is defined in the
Performance Indicator Definitions ("PIDs") included in the SGAT at Exhibit B.
3.1.1 On Attachment 1, the measurements have been designated as Tier 1, Tier 2,
or both Tier 1 and Tier 2 and given a High, Medium, or Low designation.
3.1.2 Where applicable elsewhere in the PAP, this provision modifies other
provisions and operates as follows: For any Tier 1 or Tier 2 benchmark or non-
interval parity performance sub-measure, Qwest shall apply one allowable miss to a
sub-measure disaggregation that otherwise would require 100% performance before
the performance is considered as non-conforming to standard (1) if at the CLEC-
aggregate level, the performance standard is met or (2) where the CLEC-aggregate
performance must be 100% to meet the standard, the CLEC-aggregate performance is
conforming after applying one allowable miss at that level.
3.2 The following measures, which are listed in Attachment 1 or section 7.4, are not
subject to the payment mechanisms of the PAP; however, they are subject to the PID
Reinstatement/Removal Process. All other measures listed in Attachment 1, section 6.3 or
section 7.4 are subject to the PAP payment mechanisms, but they are not subject to the PID
Reinstatement/Removal Process.
GA-3 Gateway Availability EB-TA
GA-4 System Availability EXACT
GA-7 Timely Outage Resolution following Software Releases
PO-3 LSR Rejection Notice Interval
PO-5D Firm Order Confirmations (FOCs) On Time (ASRs for LIS Trunks)
PO-7 Billing Completion Notification Timeliness
PO-8 Jeopardy Notice Interval
PO-16 Timely Release Notifications
OP-17 Timeliness of Disconnects Associated with LNP Orders
MR-11 LNP Trouble Reports Cleared within Specified Timeframes
BI-4 Billing Completeness
NI-1 Trunk Blocking
NP-1 NXX Code Activation
3.3 PID Reinstatement/Removal Process: If Qwest’s performance for any sub-measure
of the PIDs listed in section 3.2 above does not conform to the established PID standard as set
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 2

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
forth in the PAP for three consecutive months, that sub-measure will be reinstated (i.e., be
subject to the PAP payment mechanisms) subject to the retroactive payment provision of
section 3.3.2 and subject to the PAP payment mechanisms effective in the month following
the three consecutive months. The determination of whether a PID sub-measure is reinstated
is made no later than at the end of the second month following the third consecutive month of
non-conforming performance. The sub-measure will remain subject to the PAP payment
mechanisms until Qwest’s performance for that sub-measure satisfies the established
standards for three consecutive months. Effective the month following such conforming
performance, the sub-measure will no longer be subject to the PAP payment mechanisms but
will continue to be subject to the PID Reinstatement/Removal Process. The determination of
whether a PID sub-measure is removed from being subject to the PAP payment mechanisms
is made no later than the end of the second month following the third consecutive month of
conforming performance. Where applicable elsewhere in the PAP, this PID
Reinstatement/Removal Process modifies other provisions and operates as follows:
3.3.1 Disaggregation and Reporting Levels: Performance will be evaluated at the
lowest level of disaggregation defined in Exhibit B of the SGAT on a CLEC-
aggregated or other-aggregated basis such that performance is evaluated for the
purposes of administering the Reinstatement/Removal Process on a statewide or
regionwide level, as applicable per the PID.
3.3.2 Retroactive Payments: To calculate retroactive payments for the sub-
measures reinstated, PAP payment mechanisms will be applied to the three
consecutive months in which the standard was missed, which triggered reinstatement.
These retroactive payments will be made to applicable CLECs or the Tier 2 fund,
depending upon the tier designation of the PID, at the end of the third month after the
month in which performance triggered re-instatement.
3.3.2.1 Accounting for Payments: In support of retroactive payments
(section 3.3.2 above), Qwest will account separately for PAP payments that
would have been made to individual CLECs or to the Tier 2 Fund for a sub-
measure as though it had been subject to the PAP payment mechanisms, where
automatic reinstatement applies, and account separately in the same manner for
the time between when it is determined that a sub-measure met the standard for
automatic removal and the effective date of removal (the month following the
three consecutive “met” months). With regard to sub-measures that are
subsequently removed again through this process, any PAP payments made
during the three consecutive months which triggers automatic removal will not
be recovered by Qwest.
3.3.2.2 Interest: In the case of automatic reinstatement, retroactive payments
will include interest calculated at the prime rate as reported in the Wall Street
Journal from the date a payment would have been made to the date the
payment is actually made.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 3

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
3.3.2.3 Tracking: Qwest will track and report service and payment results,
including retroactive and avoided (i.e., during periods of removal) PAP
payments and the disposition of the avoided payments on a CLEC, PID sub-
measure and aggregate basis each month.
3.3.3 Public Website: Qwest will maintain a public website showing the PAP
status of each PID or sub-measure with respect to the applicability of the PAP
payment mechanisms (i.e., reinstated or removed), which eliminates the requirement
to make filings with the Commission to modify the PAP due to the application of the
PID Reinstatement/Removal Process.
4.0 Statistical Measurement
4.1 Qwest uses a statistical test, namely the modified “z-test,” for evaluating the
difference between two means (i.e., Qwest and CLEC service or repair intervals) or two
percentages (e.g., Qwest and CLEC proportions), to determine whether a parity condition
exists between the results for Qwest and the CLEC(s). The modified z-tests shall be
applicable if the number of data points are greater than 30 for a given measurement. For
testing measurements for which the number of data points are 30 or less, Qwest will use a
permutation test to determine the statistical significance of the difference between Qwest and
CLEC.
4.2 Qwest shall be in conformance when the monthly performance results for parity
measurements (whether in the form of means, percents, or proportions and at the equivalent
level of disaggregation) are such that the calculated z-test statistics are not greater than the
critical z-values as listed in Table 1, section 5.0.
4.3 Qwest shall be in conformance with benchmark measurements when the monthly
performance result equals or exceeds the benchmark, if a higher value means better
performance, and when the monthly performance result equals or is less than the benchmark if
a lower value means better performance.
The formula for determining parity using the modified z-test is:
z = DIFF / 
DIFF
Where:
DIFF = M – M
Qwest CLEC
M = Qwest average or proportion
QWEST
M = CLEC average or proportion
CLEC
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 4

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN

 = square root Qwest (1/ n + 1/ n )]
DIFF CLEC Qwest

2 = calculated variance for Qwest
Qwest
n = number of observations or samples used in Qwest measurement
Qwest
n = number of observations or samples used in CLEC measurement
CLEC
The modified z-tests will be applied to reported parity measurements that contain more than
30 data points.
In calculating the difference between Qwest and CLEC performance, the above formula
applies when a larger Qwest value indicates a better level of performance. In cases where a
smaller Qwest value indicates a higher level of performance, the order is reversed, i.e., M
CLEC
- M .
QWEST
4.3.1 For parity measurements where the number of data points is 30 or less, Qwest will
apply a permutation test to test for statistical significance. Permutation analysis will be
applied to calculate the z-statistic using the following logic:
Calculate the modified z-statistic for the actual arrangement of the data
Pool and mix the CLEC and Qwest data sets
Perform the following 1000 times:
Randomly subdivide the pooled data sets into two pools, one the same size as
the original CLEC data set (n ) and one reflecting the remaining data
CLEC
points, and one reflecting the remaining data points, (which is equal to the size
of the original Qwest data set or n ).
QWEST
Compute and store the modified z-test score (Z ) for this sample.
S
Count the number of times the z-statistic for a permutation of the data is greater than
the actual modified z- statistic
Compute the fraction of permutations for which the statistic for the rearranged data is
greater than the statistic for the actual samples
If the fraction is greater than , the significance level of the test, the hypothesis of no
difference is not rejected, and the test is passed. The  shall be .05 when the critical z value is
1.645 and .15 when the critical z value is 1.04.
5.0 Critical Z-Value
5.1 The following table shall be used to determine the critical z-value that is referred to in
section 6.0. It is based on the monthly business volume of the CLEC for the particular
performance measurements for which statistic testing is being performed.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 5

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
TABLE 1: CRITICAL Z-VALUE
CLEC volume LIS Trunks, UDITs, Resale, All Other
(Sample size) UBL-DS1 and DS-3
1-10 1.04* 1.645
11-150 1.645 1.645
151-300 2.0 2.0
301-600 2.7 2.7
601-3000 3.7 3.7
3001 and above 4.3 4.3
* The 1.04 applies for individual month testing for performance measurements involving LIS
trunks and DS-1 and DS-3 that are UDITs, Resale, or Unbundled Loops. The performance
measurements are OP-3d/e, OP-4d/e, OP-5a, OP-6-4/5, MR-5a/b, MR-7d/e, and MR-8.
For purposes of determining consecutive month misses, 1.645 shall be used. Where
performance measurements disaggregate to zone 1 and zone 2, the zones shall be combined
for purposes of statistical testing.
6.0 Tier 1 Payments to CLEC
6.1 Tier 1 payments to CLEC shall be made solely for the performance measurements
designated as Tier 1 on Attachment 1. The payment amount for non-conforming service
varies depending upon the designation of performance measurements as High, Medium, and
Low and the duration of the non-conforming service condition as described below. Non-
conforming service is defined in section 4.0.
6.1.1 Determination of Non-Conforming Measurements: The number of performance
measurements that are determined to be non-conforming and, therefore, eligible for Tier 1
payments, are limited according to the critical z-value shown in Table 1, section 5.0. The
critical z-values are the statistical standard that determines for each CLEC performance
measurement whether Qwest has met parity. The critical z-value is selected from Table 1
according to the monthly CLEC volume for the performance measurement. For instance, if
the CLEC sample size for that month is 100, the critical z-value is 1.645 for the statistical
testing of that parity performance measurement.
6.2 Determination of the Amount of Payment: Tier 1 payments to CLEC, except as
provided for in sections 6.2.3, 6.3 and 10.0, are calculated and paid monthly based on the
number of performance measurements exceeding the critical z-value. Payments will be made
on either a per occurrence or per measurement basis, depending upon the performance
measurement, using the dollar amounts specified in Table 2 below. The dollar amounts vary
depending upon whether the performance measurement is designated High, Medium, or Low
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 6

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
and escalate depending upon the number of consecutive months for which Qwest has not met
the standard for the particular measurement.
6.2.1 The escalation of payments for consecutive months of non-conforming service will be
matched month for month with de-escalation of payments for every month of conforming
service. For example, if Qwest has four consecutive monthly “misses” it will make payments
that escalate from month 1 to month 4 as shown in Table 2. If, in the next month, service
meets the standard, Qwest makes no payment. A payment “indicator” de-escalates down
from month 4 to month 3. If Qwest misses the following month, it will make payment at the
month 3 level of Table 2 because that is where the payment “indicator” presently sits. If
Qwest misses again the following month, it will make payments that escalate back to the
month 4 level. The payment level will de-escalate back to the original month 1 level only
upon conforming service sufficient to move the payment “indicator” back to the month 1
level.
6.2.2 For those performance measurements listed on Attachment 2 as “Performance
Measurements Subject to Per Measurement Caps,” excluding BI-3A, payment to a CLEC in a
single month shall not exceed the amount listed in Table 2 below for the “Per Measurement
Cap” category. For those performance measurements listed on Attachment 2 as “Performance
Measurements Subject to Per Measurement Payments,” if any should be added at a later time,
payment to a CLEC will be the amount set forth in Table 2 below under the section labeled
“Per Measurement Cap.”
TABLE 2: TIER 1 PAYMENTS TO CLEC
Per Occurrence
Measurement Group Month 1 Month 2 Month 3 Month 4 Month 5 Month 6 Each
following
month
after
Month 6
add
High $150 $250 $500 $600 $700 $800 $100
Medium $ 75 $150 $300 $400 $500 $600 $100
Low $ 25 $ 50 $100 $200 $300 $400 $100
Per Measurement Cap
Measurement Group Month 1 Month 2 Month 3 Month 4 Month 5 Month 6 Each
following
month
after
Month 6
add
High $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $ 25,000
Medium $10,000 $20,000 $30,000 $ 40,000 $ 50,000 $ 60,000 $ 10,000
Low $ 5,000 $10,000 $15,000 $ 20,000 $ 25,000 $ 30,000 $ 5,000
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 7

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
6.2.3 For the BI-3A performance measurement, the dollar payment amount for non-
conforming performance varies depending upon the Total Bill Adjustment Amount for the
CLEC. The payment amount is calculated using Table 2A below by multiplying the per
occurrence amount times the number of occurrences based on the Total Bill Adjustment
Amount,1 capped at the amount shown in the table for that Total Bill Adjustment Amount.
The escalation of payments for consecutive months as stated in section 6.2.1 does not apply.
TABLE 2A: TIER 1 PAYMENTS TO CLECS FOR BI-3A
Total Bill Adjustment Per Occurrence Cap
Amount Amount
$0 - $0.99 $0 $0
$1 - $199.99 $1 $200
$200 - $999.99 $10 $5,000
$1,000 - $9,999.99 $10 $10,000
$10,000 - $49,999.99 $15 $15,000
$50,000 - $99,999.99 $20 $20,000
$100,000 and over $25 $25,000
6.3 For collocation, CP-2 and CP-4 performance measurements shall be relied upon for
delineation of collocation business rules. For purposes of calculating Tier 1 payments,
collocation jobs and collocation feasibility studies that are later than the due date will have a
per day payment applied according to Table 3. The per day payment will be applied to any
collocation job in which the feasibility study is provided or the collocation installation is
completed later than the scheduled date. The calculation of the payment amount will be
performed by applying the per day payment amounts as specified in Table 3. Thus, for days 1
through 10, the payment is $150 per day. For days 11 through 20, the payment is $300 per
day and so on.
TABLE 3: TIER-1 COLLOCATION PAYMENTS TO CLECS
Days Late Completion Date Feasibility Study
1 to 10 days $150/day $45/day
11 to 20 days $300/day $90/day
21 to 30 days $450/day $135/day
31 to 40 days $600/day $180/day
More than 40 days $1,000/day $300/day
6.4 A minimum payment calculation shall be performed by Qwest at the end of each year
for each CLEC with annual order volumes of no more than 1,200. The payment shall be
1 Total Bill Adjustment Amount is determined by subtracting the BI-3A numerator from the BI-3A denominator
as defined in the BI-3 PID formula.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 8

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
calculated by adding the applicable minimum payment amount in Table 4 below for each
month in which at least one payment was made to the CLEC. To the extent that the actual
CLEC payment for the year is less than the product of the preceding calculation, Qwest shall
make an additional payment equal to the difference.
TABLE 4: MINIMUM PAYMENTS TO CLECS
Minimum Payment
Total Monthly Payment: Amount:
Less than $200 $ 0
Between $200 and $800 $ 1,500
Between $801 and $1,400 $ 2,000
Over $1,400 $ 2,500
7.0 Tier 2 Payments to the State
7.1 Payments to the State shall be limited to the performance measurements designated in
section 7.4 for Tier 2 per measurement payments and in Attachment 1 for per occurrence
payments and which have at least 10 data points each month for the period payments are
being calculated. Similar to the Tier 1 structure, Tier 2 measurements are categorized as
High, Medium, and Low and the amount of payments for non-conformance varies according
to this categorization.
7.2 Determination of Non-Conforming Measurements: The determination of non-
conformance will be based upon the aggregate of all CLEC data for each Tier 2 performance
measurement. Non-conforming service is defined in section 4.2 (for parity measurements)
and 4.3 (for benchmark measurements), except that a 1.645 critical z-value shall be used for
all parity measurements but MR-2 and OP-2. The critical z-value is the statistical standard
that determines for each performance measurement whether Qwest has met parity.
7.3 Determination of the Amount of Payment: Except as provided in section 7.4, Tier 2
payments are calculated and paid monthly based on the number of performance measurements
failing performance standards for a third consecutive month, or if two out of three consecutive
months in the 12 month period have been missed, the second consecutive month for Tier 2
measurements with Tier 1 counterparts and one month for Tier 2 measurements that do not
have Tier 1 counterparts. Payment will be made on either a per occurrence or per
measurement basis, whichever is applicable to the performance measurement, using the dollar
amounts specified in Table 5 or Table 6 below. Except as provided in section 7.4, the dollar
amounts vary depending upon whether the performance measurement is designated High,
Medium, or Low and escalate depending upon the number of consecutive months for which
Qwest has not met the standard for the particular measurement. Such escalation shall be
limited to 6 months.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 9

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
7.3.1 For those Tier 2 measurements listed on Attachment 2 as “Performance
Measurements Subject to Per Measurement Caps,” excluding BI-3A, payment to the State in a
single month shall not exceed the amount listed in Table 5 for the “Per Measurement Cap”
category.
TABLE 5: TIER 2 PAYMENTS TO STATE FUNDS
Per Occurrence
Measurement Group Month 1 Month 2 Month 3 Month 4 Month 5 Month 6
High $150 $250 $500 $600 $700 $800
Medium $ 75 $150 $300 $400 $500 $600
Low $ 25 $ 50 $200 $300 $400 $500
Per Measurement Cap
Measurement Group Month 1 Month 2 Month 3 Month 4 Month 5 Month 6
High $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000
Medium $10,000 $20,000 $30,000 $ 40,000 $ 50,000 $ 60,000
Low $ 5,000 $10,000 $20,000 $ 25,000 $ 30,000 $ 35,000
7.4 Performance Measurements Subject to Per Measurement Payment: The following
Tier 2 performance measurements shall have their performance results measured on a region-
wide (14 state) basis. Failure to meet the performance standard, therefore, will result in a per
measurement payment in each of the Qwest in-region 14 states adopting this PAP. The
performance measurements are:
GA-1: Gateway Availability - IMA-GUI
GA-2: Gateway Availability - IMA-EDI
GA-3: Gateway Availability – EB-TA
GA-4: System Availability – EXACT
GA-6: Gateway Availability – GUI-Repair
PO-1: Pre-Order/Order Response Times
OP-2: Call Answered within Twenty Seconds – Interconnect Provisioning Center
MR-2: Calls Answered within Twenty Seconds – Interconnect Repair Center
GA-1 has two sub-measurements: GA-1A and GA-1D. PO-1 shall have two sub-
measurements: PO-1A and PO-1B. PO-1A and PO-1B shall have their transaction types
aggregated together.
For these measurements, Qwest will make a Tier 2 payment based upon monthly performance
results according to Table 6: Tier 2 Per Measurement Payments to State Funds.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 10

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
TABLE 6: TIER 2 PER MEASUREMENT PAYMENTS TO STATE FUNDS
Measurement Performance State Payment 14 State Payment
GA-1,2,3,4,6 1% or lower $1,000 $14,000
>1% to 3% $10,000 $140,000
>3% to 5% $20,000 $280,000
>5% $30,000 $420,000
PO-1 2 sec. Or less $1,000 $14,000
>2 sec. to 5 sec. $5,000 $70,000
>5 sec. to 10 sec. $10,000 $140,000
>10 sec. $15,000 $210,000
OP-2/MR-2 1% or lower $1,000 $14,000
>1% to 3% $5,000 $70,000
>3% to 5% $10,000 $140,000
>5% $15,000 $210,000
7.5 Payment of Tier 2 Funds: Payments to the state fund shall be deposited into the
Nebraska Competitive Telephone Marketplace Fund and used for any purpose determined by
the Commission that is allowed to it by state law.
8.0 Step by Step Calculation of Monthly Tier 1 Payments to CLEC
8.1 Application of the Critical Z-Values: Qwest shall identify the Tier 1 parity
performance measurements that measure the service provided to CLEC by Qwest for the
month in question and the critical z-value from Table 1 in section 5.0 that shall be used for
purposes of statistical testing for each particular performance measurement. The statistical
testing procedures described in section 4.0 shall be applied. For the purpose of determining
the critical z-values, each disaggregated category of a performance measurement is treated as
a separate sub-measurement. The critical z-value to be applied is determined by the CLEC
volume at each level of disaggregation or sub-measurement.
8.2 Performance Measurements for which Tier 1 Payment is Per Occurrence:
8.2.1 Performance Measurements that are Averages or Means:
8.2.1.1 Step 1: For each performance measurement, the average or the mean that would yield
the critical z-value shall be calculated. The same denominator as the one used in calculating
the z-statistic for the measurement shall be used. (For benchmark measurements, the
benchmark value shall be used.)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 11

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
8.2.1.2 Step 2: The percentage differences between the actual averages and the calculated
averages shall be calculated. The calculation is % diff = (CLEC result – Calculated
Value)/Calculated Value. The percent difference shall be capped at a maximum of 100%. In
all calculations of percent differences in sections 8.0 and 9.0, the calculated percent
differences is capped at 100%.
8.2.1.2 Step 3: For each performance measurement, the total number of data points shall be
multiplied by the percentage calculated in the previous step and the per occurrence dollar
amounts from the Tier 1 Payment Table shall determine the payment to the CLEC for each
non-conforming performance measurement.
8.2.2 Performance Measurements that are Percentages:
8.2.2.1 Step 1: For each performance measurement, the percentage that would yield the
critical z-value shall be calculated. The same denominator as the one used in calculating the
z- statistic for the measurement shall be used. (For benchmark measurements, the benchmark
value shall be used.)
8.2.2.2 Step 2: The difference between the actual percentages for the CLEC and the
calculated percentages shall be determined.
8.2.2.3 Step 3: For each performance measurement, the total number of data points shall be
multiplied by the difference in percentage calculated in the previous step, and the per
occurrence dollar amount taken from the Tier 1 Payment Table, to determine the payment to
the CLEC for each non-conforming performance measurement.
8.2.3 Performance Measurements that are Ratios or Proportions:
8.2.3.1 Step 1: For each performance measurement the ratio that would yield the critical z-
value shall be calculated. The same denominator as the one used in calculating the z-statistic
for the measurement shall be used. (For benchmark measurements, the benchmark value shall
be used.)
8.2.3.2 Step 2: The absolute difference between the actual rate for the CLEC and the
calculated rate shall be determined.
8.2.3.3 Step 3: For each performance measurement, the total number of data points shall be
multiplied by the difference calculated in the previous step, and the per occurrence dollar
amount taken from the Tier 1 Payment Table, to determine the payment to the CLEC for each
non-conforming performance measurement.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 12

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
8.3 Performance Measurements for which Tier 1 Payment is Per Measure:
8.3.1 For each performance measurement where Qwest fails to meet the standard, the
payment to the CLEC shall be the dollar amount shown on the “per measure” portion of Table
2: Tier 1 Payments to CLEC.
9.0 Step by Step Calculation of Monthly Tier 2 Payments to State Funds
9.1 Criteria for Determination of Tier 2 Payments: To determine if Tier 2 payments for
performance measurements listed on Attachment 1 shall be made in the current month, the
following shall be determined:
9.1.1 For all Tier 2 measurements, it shall be determined whether Qwest missed the
performance standard for three consecutive months.
9.1.2 If Qwest has not missed three consecutive months, the following evaluation
will be made:
9.1.2.1 For Tier 2 measurements that have Tier 1 counterparts, it shall be
determined if Qwest has missed the standard in any two out of three
consecutive months for the most recent 12 month period, and if so, whether
Qwest has additionally missed the performance standard for the second
consecutive month in the current month.
9.1.2.2 For Tier 2 measurements that do not have Tier 1 counterparts, it shall
be determined if Qwest has missed the standard in any two out of three
consecutive months for the most recent 12 month period, and if so, whether
Qwest has additionally missed the performance standard for the current
month.
9.1.3 If any of the conditions in 9.1.1, 9.1.2.1 or 9.1.2.2 are met and there are at
least 10 data points for the measurement in each month, a Tier 2 payment will be
calculated and paid as described below. Each succeeding month will be evaluated on
the same basis and Tier 2 payments will continue until Qwest’s performance meets
the applicable standard.
9.1.4 Application of the Critical Z-Values: Qwest shall identify the Tier 2 parity
performance measurements that measure the service provided to all CLECs by Qwest
for the month in question and the critical z-value from Table 1 in section 5.0 that shall
be used for purposes of statistical testing for each particular performance
measurement. There must be at least 10 data points each month for each particular
performance measurement. The statistical testing procedures described in section 4.0
shall be applied. For the purpose of determining the critical z-values, each
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 13

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
disaggregated category of a performance measurement is treated as a separate sub-
measurement. The critical z-value to be applied is determined by the CLEC volume
at each level of disaggregation or sub-measurement.
9.1.5 Section 9.2 describes the step by step Tier 2 payment calculations for
measurements that are per occurrence. In these steps, determining the number of
occurrences is based on calculations for the applicable “non-conforming month(s)”
that triggered the payment. Based on the applicable determination in section 9.1, the
calculated differences and average number of data points will be determined using (1)
three consecutive non-conforming months’ data, (2) two consecutive non-conforming
months’ data or (3) the current month’s data.
9.2 Performance Measurements for which Tier 2 Payment is Per Occurrence:
9.2.1 Performance Measurements that are Averages or Means:
9.2.1.1 Step 1: The monthly average or the mean for each performance
measurement that would yield the critical z-value for each applicable non-
conforming month shall be calculated. The same denominator as the one
used in calculating the z-statistic for the measurement shall be used. (For
benchmark measurements, the benchmark value shall be used.)
9.2.1.2 Step 2: The percentage difference between the actual averages and
the calculated averages for each applicable non conforming month shall be
calculated . The calculation for parity measurements is % diff = (actual
average – calculated average)/calculated average. The percent difference
shall be capped at a maximum of 100%. In all calculations of percent
differences in section 8.0 and section 9.0, the calculated percent difference is
capped at 100%.
9.2.1.3 Step 3: For each performance measurement, the total number of data
points for each applicable non-conforming month shall be multiplied by the
percentage calculated in the previous step. The average for the applicable
non-conforming months (rounded to the nearest integer) shall be calculated
and multiplied by the result of the per occurrence dollar amount taken from
the Tier 2 Payment Table to determine the payment to the State for each non-
conforming performance measurement.
9.2.2 Performance Measurements that are Percentages:
9.2.2.1 Step 1: For each performance measurement, the monthly percentage
that would yield the critical z-value for each applicable non-conforming
month shall be calculated. The same denominator as the one used in
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 14

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
calculating the z-statistic for the measurement shall be used. (For benchmark
measurements, the benchmark value shall be used.)
9.2.2.2 Step 2: The difference between the actual percentages and the
calculated percentages for each of the applicable non-conforming months
shall be calculated. The calculation for parity measurement is diff = (CLEC
result – calculated percentage). This formula shall be applicable where a
high value is indicative of poor performance. The formula shall be reversed
where high performance is indicative of good performance.
9.2.2.3 Step 3: For each performance measurement, the total number of data
points for each applicable non-conforming month shall be multiplied by the
difference in percentage calculated in the previous step. The average for the
applicable non-conforming months shall be calculated (rounded to the nearest
integer) and multiplied by the result of the per occurrence dollar amounts
taken from the Tier 2 Payment Table to determine the payment to the State.
9.2.3 Performance Measurements that are Ratios or Proportions:
9.2.3.1 Step 1: For each performance measurement, the ratio that would
yield the critical z-value for each applicable non-conforming month shall be
calculated. The same denominator as the one used in calculating the z-
statistic for the measurement shall be used. (For benchmark measurements,
the benchmark value shall be used.)
9.2.3.2 Step 2: The difference between the actual rate for the CLEC and the
calculated rate for each applicable non-conforming month shall be calculated.
The calculation is: diff = (CLEC rate – calculated rate). This formula shall
apply where a high value is indicative of poor performance. The formula
shall be reversed where high performance is indicative of good performance.
9. 2.3.3 Step 3: For each performance measurement, the total number of data
points shall be multiplied by the difference calculated in the previous step for
each applicable non-conforming month. The average for the applicable non-
conforming months (rounded to the nearest integer) and multiplied by the
result of the per occurrence dollar amounts taken from the Tier 2 Payment
Table to determine the payment to the State.
9.3 Performance Measurements for which Tier 2 Payment is Per Measure:
9.3.1 For each performance measurement where Qwest fails to meet the standard,
the payment to the State Fund shall be the dollar amount shown on the “Per
Measurement” portion of the Tier 2 Payment Table.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 15

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
10.0 Low Volume, Developing Markets
10.1 For certain qualifying performance standards, if the aggregate monthly volumes of
CLECs participating in the PAP are more than 10, but less than 100, Qwest will make Tier 1
payments to CLECs for failure to meet the parity or benchmark standard for the qualifying
performance sub-measurements. The qualifying sub-measurements are the ADSL qualified
loop product disaggregations of OP-3, OP-4, OP-5a, MR-3, MR-5, MR-7, and MR-8. If the
aggregate monthly CLEC volume is greater than 100, the provisions of this section shall not
apply to the qualifying performance sub-measurement.
10.2 The determination of whether Qwest has met the parity or benchmark standards will
be made using aggregate volumes of CLECs participating in the PAP. In the event Qwest
does not meet the applicable performance standards, a total payment to affected CLECs will
be determined in accordance with the high, medium, low designation for each performance
measurement (see Attachment 1) and as described in section 8.0, except that CLEC aggregate
volumes will be used. In the event the calculated total payment amount to CLECs is less than
$5,000, a minimum payment of $5,000 shall be made. The resulting total payment amount to
CLECs will be apportioned to the affected CLECs based upon each CLEC’s relative share of
the number of total service misses.
10.3 At the six (6)-month reviews, Qwest will consider adding to the above list of
qualifying performance sub-measurements, new products disaggregation representing new
modes of CLEC entry into developing markets.
11.0 Payment
11.1 Payments to CLEC or the Nebraska Competitive Telephone Marketplace fund shall
be made one month following the due date of the performance measurement report for the
month for which payment is being made. Qwest will pay interest on any late payment and
underpayment at the prime rate as reported in the Wall Street Journal on the day the payment
was originally due. On any overpayment, Qwest is allowed to offset future payments by the
amount of the overpayment plus interest at the prime rate.
11.2 Payment to CLEC shall be made via check or wire transfer , unless CLEC owes
Qwest for undisputed accounts receivable that are past due over 90 days in which case
payment will be via bill credits. Payment to the State shall be made via check or wire
transfer for deposit into the Nebraska Competitive Telephone Marketplace Fund.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 16

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
12.0 Cap on Tier 1 and Tier 2 Payments
12.1 There shall be a cap on the total payments made by Qwest for a 12 month period
beginning with the effective date of the PAP for the State of Nebraska. The overall annual
cap for the State of Nebraska shall be 44% of the prior year’s ARMIS Net Revenue. CLEC
agrees that this amount constitutes a maximum annual cap that shall apply to the aggregate
total of Tier 1 liquidated damages, including any such damages paid pursuant to this
Agreement, any other interconnection agreement, or any other payments made for the same
underlying activity or omission under any other contract, order or rule and Tier 2 assessments
or payments made by Qwest for the same underlying activity or omission under any other
contract, order or rule.
12.2 In addition to the overall annual maximum “hard” cap of 44% of the prior year’s
ARMIS Net Revenue, there shall be an annual “soft” cap of 24% of the prior year’s ARMIS
Net Revenues, which, if exceeded, allows the Commission to initiate an investigation into the
reasons for Qwest’s performance deterioration.
12.3 If the overall annual cap is reached, each CLEC shall, as of the end of the year, be
entitled to receive the same percentage of its total calculated Tier 1 payments. In order to
preserve the operation of the overall annual cap, the percentage equalization shall take place
as follows:
12.3.1 The amount by which any month’s total year-to-date Tier 1 and Tier 2 payments
exceeds the cumulative monthly cap (defined as 1/12th of the overall annual cap times the
cumulative number of months to date) shall be calculated and apportioned between Tier 1 and
Tier 2 according to the percentage that each bore of total payments for the year-to-date. The
Tier 1 apportionment resulting of this calculation shall be known as the “Tracking Account.”
12.3.2 The Tier 1 apportionment shall be debited against the monthly payment due to each
CLEC, by applying to the year-to-date payments received by each the percentage necessary to
generate the required total Tier 1 amount.
12.3.3 The Tracking Amount shall be apportioned among all CLECs so as to provide each
with payments equal in percentage of its total year to date Tier 1 payment calculations.
12.3.4 This calculation shall take place in the first month that the year-to-date total Tier 1
and Tier 2 payments are expected to exceed the cumulative monthly cap and for each month
of that year thereafter. Qwest shall recover any debited amounts by reducing payments due to
any CLEC for that month and any succeeding months, as necessary.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 17

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
13.0 Limitations
13.1 The QPAP shall become effective on the date the FCC grants Qwest § 271 relief for
the state of Nebraska.
13.2 Qwest will not be liable for Tier 1 payments to CLEC in an FCC approved state until
the Commission has approved an interconnection agreement between CLEC and Qwest which
adopts the provisions of this PAP.
13.3 Qwest shall not be obligated to make Tier 1 or Tier 2 payments for any measurement
if and to the extent that non-conformance for that measurement was the result of any of the
following: 1) with respect to performance measurements with a benchmark standard, a Force
Majeure event as defined in section 5.7 of the SGAT. Qwest will provide notice of the
occurrence of a Force Majeure event within 72 hours of the time Qwest learns of the event or
within a reasonable time frame that Qwest should have learned of it; 2) an act or omission by
a CLEC that is contrary to any of its obligations under its interconnection agreement with
Qwest or under federal or state law; an act or omission by CLEC that is in bad faith.
Examples of bad faith conduct include, but are not limited to: unreasonably holding service
orders and/or applications, “dumping” orders or applications in unreasonably large batches,
“dumping” orders or applications at or near the close of a business day, on a Friday evening
or prior to a holiday, and failing to provide timely forecasts to Qwest for services or facilities
when such forecasts are explicitly required by the SGAT; 3) problems associated with third-
party systems or equipment, which could not have been avoided by Qwest in the exercise of
reasonable diligence, provided, however, that this third party exclusion will not be raised in
the State more than three times within a calendar year. If a Force Majeure event or other
excusing event recognized in this section merely suspends Qwest’s ability to timely perform
an activity subject to a performance measurement that is an interval measure, the applicable
time frame in which Qwest’s compliance with the parity or benchmark criterion is measured
will be extended on an hour-for-hour or day-for-day basis, as applicable, equal to the duration
of the excusing event.
13.3.1 Qwest will not be excused from Tier 1 or Tier 2 payments for any reason except as
described in Section 13.0. Qwest will have the burden of demonstrating that its non-
conformance with the performance measurement was excused on one of the grounds
described in this PAP. A party may petition the Commission to require Qwest to deposit
disputed payments into an escrow account when the requesting party can show cause, such as
grounds provided in the Uniform Commercial Code for cases of commercial uncertainty.
13.3.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this PAP, it shall not excuse performance that
Qwest could reasonably have been expected to deliver assuming that it had designed,
implemented, staffed, provisioned, and otherwise provided for resources reasonably required
to meet foreseeable volumes and patterns of demands upon its resources by CLECs.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 18

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
13.4 Qwest’s agreement to implement these enforcement terms, and specifically its
agreement to pay any “liquidated damages” or “assessments” hereunder, will not be
considered as an admission against interest or an admission of liability in any legal,
regulatory, or other proceeding relating in whole or in part to the same performance.
13.4.1 CLEC may not use: 1) the existence of this enforcement plan; or 2) Qwest’s payment
of Tier –1 “liquidated damages” or Tier 2 “assessments” as evidence that Qwest has
discriminated in the provision of any facilities or services under Sections 251 or 252, or has
violated any state or federal law or regulation. Qwest’s conduct underlying its performance
measures, however are not made inadmissible by its terms.
13.4.2 By accepting this performance remedy plan, CLEC agrees that Qwest’s performance
with respect to this remedy plan may not be used as an admission of liability or culpability for
a violation of any state or federal law or regulation. (Nothing herein is intended to preclude
Qwest from introducing evidence of any Tier 1 “liquidated damages” under these provisions
for the purpose of offsetting the payment against any other damages or payments a CLEC
might recover.) The terms of this paragraph do not apply to any proceeding before the
Commission or the FCC to determine whether Qwest has met or continues to meet the
requirements of section 271 of the Act.
13.5 By incorporating these liquidated damages terms into the PAP, Qwest and CLEC
accepting this PAP agree that proof of damages from any non-conforming performance
measurement would be difficult to ascertain and, therefore, liquidated damages are a
reasonable approximation of any contractual damages that may result from a non-conforming
performance measurement. Qwest and CLEC further agree that Tier 1 payments made
pursuant to this PAP are not intended to be a penalty. The application of the assessments and
damages provided for herein is not intended to foreclose other noncontractual legal and non-
contractual regulatory claims and remedies that may be available to a CLEC.
13.6 This PAP contains a comprehensive set of performance submeasures, statistical
methodologies, and payment mechanisms that are designed to function together, and only
together as an integrated whole. To elect the PAP, CLEC must adopt the PAP in its entirety,
into its interconnection agreement with Qwest in lieu of other alternative standards or relief,
except as stated in sections 13.6.1, 13.6.2, and 13.7.
13.6.1 In electing the PAP, CLEC shall surrender any rights to remedies under state
wholesale service quality rules or under any interconnection agreement designed to provide
such monetary relief for the same performance issues addressed by the PAP. The PAP shall
not limit either non-contractual legal or non-contractual regulatory remedies that may be
available to CLEC.
13.6.2 Tier 1 payments to CLECs are in the nature of liquidated damages. Before CLEC
shall be able to file an action seeking contract damages that flow from an alleged failure to
perform in an area specifically measured and regulated by the PAP, CLEC must first seek
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 19

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
permission from the Nebraska Public Service Commission. This permission shall be granted
only if CLEC can present a reasonable theory of damages for the non-conforming
performance at issue and evidence of real world economic harm that, as applied over the
preceding six months, establishes that the actual payments collected for non-conforming
performance in the relevant area do not redress the extent of the competitive harm. If CLEC
can make this showing, it shall be permitted to proceed with this action. Any damages
awarded through this action shall be offset with payments made under this PAP. If the CLEC
cannot make this showing, the action shall be barred. To the extent that CLEC’s contract
action relates to an area of performance not addressed by the PAP, no such procedural
requirement shall apply.
13.7 If for any reason CLEC agreeing to this PAP is awarded compensation for the same
harm for which it received payments under the PAP, the court or other adjudicatory body
hearing such claim may offset the damages resulting from such claim against payments made
for the same harm. Only that relevant finder of fact, and not Qwest in its discretion, can judge
what amount, if any, of PAP payments should be offset from any judgment for a CLEC in a
related action.
13.8 Qwest shall not be liable for both Tier 2 payments under the PAP and assessments,
sanctions, or other payments for the same underlying activity or omission pursuant to any
Commission order or service quality rules.
13.9 Whenever a Qwest Tier 1 payment to an individual CLEC exceeds $3 million in a
month, Qwest may commence a proceeding to demonstrate why it should not be required to
pay any amount in excess of the $3 million. Upon timely commencement of the proceeding,
Qwest must pay the balance of payments owed in excess of $3 million into escrow, to be held
by a third-party pending the outcome of the proceeding. To invoke these escrow provisions,
Qwest must file, not later than the due date of the Tier 1 payments, its application. Qwest will
have the burden of proof to demonstrate why, under the circumstances, it would be unjust to
require it to make the payments in excess of $3 million. If Qwest reports non-conforming
performance to CLEC for three consecutive months on 20% or more of the measurements
reported to CLEC and has incurred no more than $1 million in liability to CLEC, then CLEC
may commence a similar proceeding. In any such proceeding CLEC will have the burden of
proof to demonstrate why, under the circumstances, justice requires Qwest to make payments
in excess of the amount calculated pursuant to the terms of the PAP. The disputes identified
in this section shall be resolved in a manner specified in the Dispute Resolution section of the
SGAT with the CLEC.
13.10 Any payments made by Qwest as a result of the PAP should not: 1) be included as
expenses in any Qwest revenue requirement, or 2) be reflected in increased rates to CLECs
for services and facilities provided pursuant to § 251(c) of the Telecommunications Act of
1996 and priced pursuant to § 252(d) of the Telecommunications Act of 1996.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 20

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
14.0 Reporting
14.1 Upon receiving effective section 271 authority from the FCC for a state, Qwest will
provide CLEC that has an approved interconnection agreement with Qwest, a monthly report
of Qwest’s performance for the measurements identified in the PAP by the last day of the
month following the month for which performance results are being reported. However,
Qwest shall have a grace period of five business days, so that Qwest shall not be deemed out
of compliance with its reporting obligations before the expiration of the five business day
grace period. Qwest will collect, analyze, and report performance data for the measurements
listed on Attachment 1 in accordance with the most recent version of the PIDs. Upon CLEC’s
request, data files of the CLEC’s raw data, or any subset thereof, will be transmitted, without
charge, to CLEC in a mutually acceptable format, protocol, and transmission medium.
14.2 Qwest will also provide the Commission a monthly report of aggregate CLEC
performance results pursuant to the PAP by the last day of the month following the month for
which performance results are being reported. However, Qwest shall have a grace period of
five business days, so that Qwest shall not be deemed out of compliance with its reporting
obligations before the expiration of the five business day grace period. Individual CLEC
reports of participating CLECs will also be available to the Commission upon request. By
accepting this PAP, CLEC consents to Qwest providing CLEC’s report and raw data to the
State Commission. Pursuant to the terms of an order of the Commission, Qwest may provide
CLEC-specific data that relates to the PAP, provided that Qwest shall first initiate any
procedures necessary to protect the confidentiality and to prevent the public release of the
information pending any applicable Commission procedures and further provided that Qwest
provides such notice as the Commission directs to the CLEC involved, in order to allow it to
prosecute such procedures to their completion. Data files of participating CLEC raw data, or
any subset thereof, will be transmitted, without charge, to the Commission in a mutually
acceptable format, protocol, and transmission form.
14.3 In the event Qwest does not provide CLEC and the Commission with a monthly
report by the last day of the month following the month for which performance results are
being reported, Qwest will pay to the State a total of $500 for each business day for which
performance reports are 6 to 10 business days past the due date; $1,000 for each business day
for which performance reports are 11 to 15 business days past the due date; and $2,000 for
each business day for which performance results are more than 15 business days past the due
date. If reports are on time but are missing performance results, Qwest will pay to the State a
total of one-fifth of the late report amount for each missing performance measurement,
subject to a cap of the full late report amount. These amounts represent the total payments
for omitting performance measurements or missing any report deadlines, rather than a
payment per report. Prior to the date of a payment for late reports, Qwest may file a request
for a waiver of the payment, which states the reasons for the waiver. The Commission may
grant the waiver, deny the waiver, or provide any other relief that may be appropriate.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 21

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
14.4 To the extent that Qwest recalculates payments made under this PAP, such
recalculation shall be limited to the preceding three years (measured from the later of the
provision of a monthly credit statement or payment due date). Qwest shall retain sufficient
records to demonstrate fully the basis for its calculations for long enough to meet this
potential recalculation obligation. CLEC verification or recalculation efforts should be made
reasonably contemporaneously with Qwest measurements. In any event, Qwest shall
maintain the records in a readily useable format for one year. For the remaining two years,
the records may be retained in archived format. Any payment adjustments shall be subject to
the interest rate provisions of section 11.1.
15.0 Integrated Audit Program/Investigations of Performance Results
15.1 Any party may request that the Commission conduct an audit of performance results
or performance measures. The Commission will determine, based upon requests and upon its
own investigation, which results and/or measures should be audited. The Commission may,
at its discretion, conduct audits through participation in a collaborative process with other
states.
15.2 If the Commission chooses not to participate in a collaborative audit process with
other states, the costs of auditing will be paid for by Qwest. Any costs of review by the State
of Nebraska will be paid for out of the Nebraska Competitive Telephone Marketplace fund to
the extent funds are available.
15.3 Qwest shall report to the Commission monthly, any changes it makes to the
automated or manual processes used to produce performance results including data collection,
generation and reporting. The reports must include sufficient detail to enable the parties to
understand the scope and nature of the changes.
15.4 In the event of a dispute between Qwest and any CLEC regarding the accuracy or
integrity of data collected, generated and reported pursuant to the QPAP, Qwest and the
CLEC shall first consult with one another and attempt to resolve the dispute. If the issue is
not resolved within 45 days, either party may request that the Commission consider the
matter.
15.5 Qwest will investigate any second consecutive Tier 2 miss to determine the cause of
the miss and to identify the action needed in order to meet the standard set forth in the
performance measurements. To the extent an investigation determines that a CLEC was
responsible in whole or in part for the Tier 2 misses, Qwest shall receive credit against future
Tier 2 payments in an amount equal to the Tier 2 payments that should not have been made.
The relevant portion of subsequent Tier 2 payments will not be owed until any responsible
CLEC problems are corrected. For the purposes of this sub-section, Tier 1 performance
measurements that have not been designated as Tier 2 will be aggregated and the aggregate
results will be investigated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 22

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
16.0 Reviews
16.1 Every six (6) months, beginning six months after the effective date of 271 approval by
the FCC for the state of Nebraska, Qwest, CLECs or the Commission staff may request the
Commission to initiate a proceeding to review and evaluate the QPAP. The Commission
retains any independent authority under state law to initiate a proceeding to review the QPAP
at any time and to order changes to any provision of the QPAP, after notice and hearing and
consistent with due process and other rights of all parties. Qwest and CLEC agree that no
new performance measurement shall be added to this QPAP that has not been subject to
observation as a diagnostic measurement for a period of 6 months. Any changes made at the
six-month review pursuant to this section shall apply to and modify this agreement between
Qwest and CLEC.
16.1.2. Notwithstanding section 16.1, if any agreements on adding, modifying, or deleting
performance measurements as permitted by section 16.1 are reached between Qwest and
CLECs participating in an industry Regional Oversight Committee (ROC) PID administration
forum, those agreements shall be incorporated into the QPAP and modify the agreement
between CLEC and Qwest at any time those agreements are submitted to the Commission,
whether before or after a six-month review.
16.1.3. Notwithstanding section 16.1, any party may submit a root cause analysis to the
Commission requesting removal of a PID or sub-measure from the PAP or requesting
exemption of a PID or sub-measure from the application of the trigger mechanism for
reinstatement or subsequent removal. In the analysis and recommendations concerning the
root cause analysis, the Commission is to consider, at a minimum, whether the root cause
analysis provides evidence of no harm, the same harm as covered by other PID measures,
non-Qwest related causes, or other factors which directly relate to the harm or circumstances
specific to the PID or sub-measure being analyzed.
16.2 Two years after the effective date of the first FCC 271 approval of the PAP, the
participating Commissions may conduct a joint review by a independent third party to
examine the continuing effectiveness of the PAP as a means of inducing compliant
performance. This review shall not be used to open the PAP generally to amendment, but
would serve to assist Commissions in determining existing conditions and reporting to the
FCC on the continuing adequacy of the PAP to serve its intended functions. The expense of
the reviews shall be paid from the Special Fund.
16.3 Qwest will make the PAP available for CLEC interconnection agreements until such
time as Qwest eliminates its Section 272 affiliate. At that time, the Commission and Qwest
shall review the appropriateness of the PAP and whether its continuation is necessary.
However, in the event Qwest exits the interLATA market, that State PAP shall be rescinded
immediately.
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 23

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
17.0 Voluntary Performance Assurance Plan
This PAP represents Qwest’s voluntary offer to provide performance assurance. Nothing in
the PAP or in any conclusion of non-conformance of Qwest’s service performance with the
standards defined in the PAP shall be construed to be, of itself, non-conformance with the
Act.
18.0 Dispute Resolution
For the purpose of resolving disputes over the meaning of the provisions of the PAP and how
they should be applied, the dispute resolution provisions of the SGAT, section 5.18, shall
apply whether the CLEC uses the SGAT in its entirety or elects to make the PAP part of its
interconnection agreements (i.e., the unique dispute resolution provisions of interconnection
agreements should not apply).
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 24

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
Attachment 1: Tier 1 and Tier 2 Performance Measurements Subject to Per Occurrence Payment
Performance Measurement Tier 1 Payments Tier 2 Payments
Low Med High Low Med High
GATEWAY
Timely Outage Resolution GA-7 X
PRE-ORDER/ORDERS
LSR Rejection Notice Interval PO-3a X
Firm Order Confirmations On Time PO-5 X X
Work Completion Notification Timeliness PO-6b X
Billing Completion Notification Timeliness PO-7b X
Jeopardy Notice Interval PO-8 X
Timely Jeopardy Notices PO-9 X
Release Notifications PO-16 X
(Expanded) – Manual Service Order Accuracy PO-20 X
ORDERING AND PROVISIONING
Installation Commitments Met OP-3g X X
Installation Intervals OP-4c,g X X
New Service Quality OP-5ag,bd,g X X
Delayed Days OP-6e,g X X
Number Portability Timeliness OP-8 X X
Coordinated Cuts On Time – Unbundled Loops OP-13a X X
LNP Disconnect Timeliness OP-17 X X
MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR
Out of Service Cleared within 24 hours MR-3g X
All Troubles Cleared within 4 hours MR-5g X
Mean time to Restore MR- X
6ag,bg,cg,df,
ef
Repair Repeat Report Rate MR-7g X X
Trouble Rate MR-8g X X
LNP Trouble Reports Cleared within Specified MR-11 X X
Timeframes
BILLING
Time to Provide Recorded Usage Records BI-1 X X
Billing Accuracy-Adjustments for Errors BI-3 X
Billing Completeness BI-4 X X
NETWORK PERFORMANCE
Trunk Blocking NI-1 X X
NXX Code Activation NP-1 X X
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 25

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
a. PO-3 is limited to PO-3a-1, PO-3b-1, and PO-3c.
b. PO-6 is included with PO-7 as two “families:” PO-6a/PO-7a and PO-6b/PO-7b. Measurements within each family
share a single payment opportunity with only the measurements with the highest payment being paid.
c. OP-4 is included with OP-6 as five “families:” OP-4a/OP-6-1, OP-4b/OP-6-2, OP-4c/OP-6-3, OP-4d/OP-6-4, and
OP-4e/OP-6-5. Measurements within each family share a single payment opportunity with only the measurement with
the highest payment being paid.
d. Section 3.1.2 applies to OP-5b only if the number of orders with trouble in OP-5a is no more than one.
e. For purposes of the PAP, OP-6a and OP-6b will be combined and treated as one. The combined OP-6 breaks down
to OP-6-1 (within MSA), OP-6-2 (outside MSA), OP-6-3 (no dispatch), OP-6-4 (zone 1), and OP-6-5 (zone 2).
f. Applicable only to xDSL-I capable loops.
g. Excludes the following product disaggregations as applicable to this PID: Resale Centrex, Resale Centrex 21,
Resale DS0 (non-designed), Resale DS0 (designed), Resale DS0, E911/911 Trunks, Resale Frame Relay, Resale Basic
ISDN (non-designed), Resale Basic ISDN (designed), Resale Basic ISDN, Resale Primary ISDN (non-designed),
Resale Primary ISDN (designed), Resale Primary ISDN, Resale PBX (non-designed), Resale PBX (designed), Resale
PBX, Sub-Loop Unbundling, UNE-P (POTS), UNE-P (Centrex), and UNE-P (Centrex 21).
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 26

Exhibit K
PERFORMANCE ASSURANCE PLAN
Attachment 2: Performance Measurements Subject to Per Measurement Caps
Billing
Time to Provide Recorded Usage Records – BI-1 (Tier 1/Tier 2)
Billing Accuracy – Adjustments for Errors – BI-3 (Tier 1)
Billing Completeness – BI-4 (Tier 1/Tier 2)
Qwest Nebraska SGAT Sixth Revision, Fifth Amended Exhibit K June 26, 2007 Page - 27

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
WINDSTREAM NEBRASKA, INC.
&
ONVOY, LLC - NE
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Table of Contents
Page 1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ................................................................................................................ 1
1.0 INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................................................................. 1
2.0 EFFECTIVE DATE .............................................................................................................................................. 1
3.0 INTERVENING LAW ........................................................................................................................................... 1
4.0 TERM OF AGREEMENT...................................................................................................................................... 2
5.0 ASSIGNMENT .................................................................................................................................................... 3
6.0 CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION ............................................................................................ 4
7.0 LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION .................................................................................................................... 5
7.1 Limitation of Liabilities .............................................................................................................................. 5
7.2 No Consequential Damages ....................................................................................................................... 5
7.3 Obligation to Indemnify .............................................................................................................................. 6
7.4 Obligation to Defend; Notice; Cooperation ............................................................................................... 6
8.0 PAYMENT OF RATES AND LATE PAYMENT CHARGES ....................................................................................... 7
9.0 DISPUTE RESOLUTION ...................................................................................................................................... 8
9.6 Conflicts .................................................................................................................................................... 11
10.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 12
11.0 NOTICES .................................................................................................................................................... 12
12.0 TAXES ....................................................................................................................................................... 13
13.0 FORCE MAJEURE ....................................................................................................................................... 14
14.0 PUBLICITY ................................................................................................................................................. 14
15.0 NETWORK MAINTENANCE AND MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... 15
16.0 LAW ENFORCEMENT AND CIVIL PROCESS ................................................................................................. 15
16.1 Intercept Devices ................................................................................................................................. 15
16.2 Subpoenas ............................................................................................................................................ 15
16.3 Law Enforcement Emergencies ............................................................................................................ 15
17.0 CHANGES IN SUBSCRIBER CARRIER SELECTION ........................................................................................ 16
18.0 AMENDMENTS OR WAIVERS ...................................................................................................................... 17
19.0 AUTHORITY ............................................................................................................................................... 17
20.0 BINDING EFFECT ........................................................................................................................................ 17
21.0 CONSENT ................................................................................................................................................... 17
22.0 EXPENSES .................................................................................................................................................. 17
23.0 HEADINGS ................................................................................................................................................. 17
24.0 RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES ........................................................................................................................ 17
25.0 CONFLICT OF INTEREST ............................................................................................................................. 18
26.0 MULTIPLE COUNTERPARTS ........................................................................................................................ 18
27.0 THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES .................................................................................................................... 18
28.0 REGULATORY APPROVAL .......................................................................................................................... 18
29.0 TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES ............................................................................................................ 18
30.0 REGULATORY AUTHORITY ........................................................................................................................ 19
31.0 VERIFICATION REVIEWS ............................................................................................................................ 19
32.0 COMPLETE TERMS ..................................................................................................................................... 20
33.0 COOPERATION ON PREVENTING END USER FRAUD ................................................................................... 20
34.0 NOTICE OF NETWORK CHANGES ................................................................................................................ 20
35.0 MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT ................................................................................................................. 20
36.0 RESPONSIBILITY OF EACH PARTY .............................................................................................................. 21
37.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 21
38.0 GOVERNMENTAL COMPLIANCE ................................................................................................................. 21
39.0 RESPONSIBILITY FOR ENVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION ......................................................................... 21
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Table of Contents
Page 2
40.0 SUBCONTRACTING ..................................................................................................................................... 22
41.0 REFERENCED DOCUMENTS ........................................................................................................................ 22
42.0 SEVERABILITY ........................................................................................................................................... 22
43.0 SURVIVAL OF OBLIGATIONS ....................................................................................................................... 23
44.0 GOVERNING LAW ...................................................................................................................................... 23
45.0 OTHER OBLIGATIONS OF ONVOY ............................................................................................................... 23
46.0 CUSTOMER INQUIRIES ............................................................................................................................... 23
47.0 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES ................................................................................................................... 24
48.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 24
49.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 24
50.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 24
51.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 24
52.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 24
53.0 DEFINITIONS AND ACRONYMS ................................................................................................................... 24
53.1 Definitions............................................................................................................................................ 24
53.2 Acronyms ............................................................................................................................................. 24
54.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 24
55.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 25
56.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ......................................................................................................... 25
57.0 OTHER REQUIREMENTS AND ATTACHMENTS............................................................................................. 25
ATTACHMENT 1: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ....................................................................................... 27
ATTACHMENT 2: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ....................................................................................... 28
ATTACHMENT 3: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ....................................................................................... 29
ATTACHMENT 4: NETWORK INTERCONNECTION ARCHITECTURE .................................................... 30
1.0 SCOPE ............................................................................................................................................................ 30
2.0 INTERCONNECTION......................................................................................................................................... 30
3.0 SIGNALING REQUIREMENTS ............................................................................................................................ 31
4.0 INTERCONNECTION AND TRUNKING REQUIREMENTS ..................................................................................... 33
4.1 Local Traffic and IntraLATA Traffic ........................................................................................................ 33
4.2 Trunking and Facilities ............................................................................................................................ 33
5.0 NETWORK MANAGEMENT .............................................................................................................................. 34
5.1 Protective Protocols ................................................................................................................................. 34
5.2 Expansive Protocols ................................................................................................................................. 34
5.3 Mass Calling ............................................................................................................................................. 34
6.0 FORECASTING/SERVICING RESPONSIBILITIES .................................................................................................. 34
7.0 TRUNK SERVICING ......................................................................................................................................... 35
ATTACHMENT 5: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ....................................................................................... 36
ATTACHMENT 6: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ....................................................................................... 37
ATTACHMENT 7: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ....................................................................................... 38
ATTACHMENT 8: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ....................................................................................... 39
ATTACHMENT 9: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ....................................................................................... 40
ATTACHMENT 10: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ..................................................................................... 41
ATTACHMENT 11: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ..................................................................................... 42
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Table of Contents
Page 3
ATTACHMENT 12: COMPENSATION ............................................................................................................... 43
1.0 INTRODUCTION ............................................................................................................................................... 43
2.0 RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTIES ................................................................................................................. 43
3.0 RECIPROCAL COMPENSATION FOR TERMINATION OF LOCAL TRAFFIC ............................................................ 44
4.0 COMPENSATION FOR TRANSIT TRAFFIC .......................................................................................................... 44
5.0 COMPENSATION FOR TERMINATION OF INTRALATA AND INTERSTATE INTEREXCHANGE TRAFFIC ................ 45
6.0 COMPENSATION FOR ORIGINATION AND TERMINATION OF SWITCHED ACCESS SERVICE TRAFFIC TO OR FROM
AN IXC (MEET-POINT BILLING (MPB) ARRANGEMENTS) ....................................................................................... 45
7.0 BILLING ARRANGEMENTS FOR COMPENSATION FOR TERMINATION OF INTRALATA, LOCAL TRAFFIC........... 46
8.0 ALTERNATE BILLED TRAFFIC ......................................................................................................................... 46
ATTACHMENT 13: NUMBERING ........................................................................................................................ 48
1.0 NUMBERING ................................................................................................................................................... 48
2.0 NXX MIGRATION ........................................................................................................................................... 48
ATTACHMENT 14: NUMBER PORTABILITY ................................................................................................. 49
1.0 SERVICE PROVIDER NUMBER PORTABILITY (SPNP) ...................................................................................... 49
2.0 TERMS, CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH WINDSTREAM WILL PROVIDE SPNP .................................................... 49
3.0 OBLIGATIONS OF ONVOY ................................................................................................................................ 50
4.0 OBLIGATIONS OF BOTH PARTIES .................................................................................................................... 50
5.0 LIMITATIONS OF SERVICE ............................................................................................................................... 51
6.0 SERVICE PROVIDER NUMBER PORTABILITY (SPNP) BONA FIDE REQUEST (BFR) PROCESS .......................... 51
ATTACHMENT 15: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ..................................................................................... 52
ATTACHMENT 16: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ..................................................................................... 53
ATTACHMENT 17: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK ..................................................................................... 54
ATTACHMENT 18: PERFORMANCE MEASURES........................................................................................... 55
1.0 GENERAL ....................................................................................................................................................... 55
2.0 INTERCONNECTION......................................................................................................................................... 55
2.1 Trunk Provisioning Intervals .................................................................................................................... 55
2.2 Trunking Grade of Service ....................................................................................................................... 55
2.3 Trunk Service Restoration ........................................................................................................................ 56
3.0 MAINTENANCE INTERVALS ............................................................................................................................ 56
4.0 LOCAL SERVICE PROVISIONING INTERVALS ................................................................................................... 57
4.1 Local Service Request (LSR) .................................................................................................................... 57
4.2 Local Service Request Confirmation (LSCN) ........................................................................................... 57
4.3 Performance Expectation ......................................................................................................................... 57
ATTACHMENT 19: BONA FIDE REQUEST (BFR) PROCESS ........................................................................ 58
ATTACHMENT 20: DEFINITIONS ....................................................................................................................... 59
ATTACHMENT 21: ACRONYMS ......................................................................................................................... 62
APPENDIX A – BILLING DISPUTE FORM ................................................................................................................ 64
APPENDIX B: PRICE LIST ......................................................................................................................................... 67
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 1
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This Agreement (“Agreement”) is between Onvoy, LLC - NE (“Onvoy”) a Minnesota limited liability
company, having an office at 10300 6th Ave. N., Plymouth, MN 55441 and Windstream Nebraska, Inc.
(“Windstream”) having an office at 4001 Rodney Parham Road, Little Rock, Arkansas, 72212, hereinafter referred
to collectively as the “Parties”.
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the “Act”), the Parties wish to establish terms for the
provision of certain services and Ancillary Functions as designated in the Attachments hereto for the purpose of
determining the rates, terms, and conditions for the interconnection of the Parties’ Telecommunications networks
within the state of Nebraska..
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants of this Agreement, the Parties
hereby agree as follows:
1.0 Introduction
1.1 This Agreement, in accordance with §§251 and 252 of the Act, sets forth the terms, conditions and
prices under which Windstream may provide (a) services for interconnection, and (b) Ancillary
Functions to Onvoy. The specific services, functions, or facilities that Windstream agrees to
provide are those specifically identified in appendixes attached to this Agreement and executed
simultaneously with this general terms and conditions. Further this Agreement sets forth the terms,
conditions, and prices under which Onvoy will provide services to Windstream, where applicable.
1.2 This Agreement includes and incorporates herein the Attachments of this Agreement, and all
accompanying Appendices, Addenda and Exhibits.
1.3 The Parties acknowledge and agree that by entering into and performing in accordance with this
Agreement, the Parties have not waived or relinquished any applicable exemptions that are
provided by or available under the Act, including but not limited to those described in §251(f) of
the Act, or under state law.
1.4 Prior to execution of this Agreement, Onvoy agrees to provide Windstream in writing Onvoy’s
CLEC certification for the state covered by this Agreement prior to the filing of this Agreement
with the appropriate Commission for approval.
2.0 Effective Date
2.1 The effective date of this Agreement will be the first business day following receipt of final
approval of this Agreement by the relevant state Commission or, where approval by such state
Commission is not required, the date that both Parties have executed the Agreement.
3.0 Intervening Law
3.1 In the event that any effective legislative, regulatory, judicial or other legal action materially changes
any rule, law or judicial or administrative decision that was the basis of the requirement, obligation or
right upon which any provision of this Agreement was negotiated, or materially impairs the ability of
Windstream or Onvoy to perform any material terms of this Agreement, Onvoy or Windstream may,
on thirty (30) days’ written notice require that such terms be renegotiated, and the Parties shall
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 2
renegotiate in good faith such mutually acceptable new terms as may be required. In the event that
such new terms are not renegotiated within ninety (90) days after such notice, the Dispute shall be
referred to the Dispute Resolution procedure set forth in Section 9.0.
4.0 Term of Agreement
4.1 The Parties agree to the provisions of this Agreement for an initial term of two (2) years from the
Effective Date of this Agreement, and thereafter on a month to month basis, unless terminated or
modified pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
4.2 Either Party may request for this Agreement to be renegotiated upon the expiration of the initial
two (2) year term or upon any termination of this Agreement, except in cases in which this
Agreement has been terminated for Default pursuant to Section 4.6. The Party desiring
renegotiation shall provide written notice to the other Party. Not later than thirty (30) days from
receipt of said notice, the receiving Party will acknowledge receipt of the written notice and the
Parties will commence negotiation, which shall be conducted in good faith.
4.3 Intentionally Left Blank
4.4 If either Party has requested re-negotiations and the Parties have not executed a Subsequent
Agreement or filed arbitration at the applicable state commission, then this Agreement will
continue on a month-to-month basis upon the date the arbitration window closes (the 160th day).
4.5 After completion of the initial two (2) year term, this Agreement may be terminated by either Party
for any reason not prohibited by law upon sixty (60) days written notice to the other Party.
However pursuant to this Section 4.5, if the Parties are exchanging traffic or otherwise operating
pursuant to this Agreement, termination of the Agreement can only take place by the effectuation
of a Subsequent Agreement. By mutual Agreement, the Parties may amend this Agreement in
writing to modify its terms.
4.6 In the event of Default or Abandonment, as defined in this §4.6, the non-defaulting Party may
terminate this Agreement provided that the non-defaulting Party so advises the defaulting Party in
writing (“Default Notice”) of the event of the alleged Default and the defaulting Party does not
cure the alleged Default with sixty (60) after receipt of the Default Notice thereof, provided,
however, that if sixty (60) days is not sufficient time to reasonably cure the alleged Default, then
the defaulting Party shall have such time as is reasonably necessary to cure the alleged Default so
long as the defaulting Party has commenced the cure within said sixty (60) days and diligently
prosecutes the cure to completion. In no case shall the cure period be longer than one hundred
twenty (120) days).
4.6.1 Either Party’s insolvency or initiation of bankruptcy or receivership proceedings by or
against the Party; or
4.6.2 A decision under §9.0, Dispute Resolution that a Party has materially breached any of the
terms or conditions hereof, or
4.6.3 A Party has notified the other Party in writing of the other Party’s material breach of any
of the material terms hereof, and the material breach remains uncured per §4.6 above,
provided, however, that if the alleged material breach involves a material interruption to,
or a material degradation of, the E911 services provided under this Agreement, the cure
period shall be five (5) days from receipt of such notice.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 3
4.6.4 Illegal use or theft of facilities is considered a material breach of this Agreement and
termination of the Agreement will occur. For purposes of this section, “theft” shall
include but not be limited to the use by a Party of the other Party’s facilities without the
other Party’s knowledge, permission and compensation under this Agreement.
4.6.5 In addition, this Agreement shall be null and void if Onvoy has not placed an order for a
service or facility or terminated traffic within one (1) year following Effective Date
(defined as “Abandonment”). If Onvoy has not placed an order for a service, a facility, or
terminated traffic within one (1) year, Windstream shall provide Onvoy with written
notice of Windstream's intent to terminate the Agreement. Onvoy shall have thirty (30)
calendar days to indicate in writing to Windstream that Onvoy intends to place orders or
terminate traffic within thirty (30) calendar days. If Onvoy cannot meet this timeframe for
placing orders or terminating traffic, the Agreement will be terminated. If Onvoy does not
intend to place orders or terminate traffic, this Agreement shall be deemed suspended and
Windstream shall apply to the Commission to terminate the Agreement.
5.0 Assignment
5.1 Any assignment of any right, obligation or duty, or of any other interest hereunder, in whole or in
part, by either Party to any entity which is not an Affiliate of such Party without the prior written
consent of the other Party shall be void. For purposes of this Agreement the definition of an
“Affiliate” shall have the same meaning as that term is defined in 47 U.S.C. 153. A Party may
assign this Agreement in its entirety to an Affiliate of the Party without the consent of the other
Party; provided, however, that the assigning Party shall notify the other Party in writing of such
assignment thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date thereof and, provided further, if the assignee
is an assignee of Onvoy, the assignee must provide evidence of Commission CLEC certification.
If the assignee is an assignee of Windstream, the assignee must provide evidence of Commission
ILEC certification. The Parties shall amend this Agreement to reflect such assignments and shall
work cooperatively to implement any changes required due to such assignment. All obligations
and duties of any Party under this Agreement shall be binding on all successors in interest and
assigns of such Party. No assignment or delegation hereof shall relieve the assignor of its
obligations under this Agreement in the event that the assignee fails to perform such obligations.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, Onvoy shall not assign this Agreement to
any Affiliate or non-affiliated entity unless either (1) Onvoy pays all undisputed bills, past due and
current, under this Agreement, or (2) Onvoy’s assignee expressly assumes liability for all
outstanding bills.
5.2 As a minimum condition of any assignment or transfer of this Agreement (or any rights hereunder)
that is permitted under or consented to by Windstream pursuant to this Section 5 (except solely
where there is a name change under Section 5.3), Onvoy agrees that any change, modification or
other activity required for Windstream to accommodate or recognize the successor to or assignee
of Onvoy shall be a CLEC change. Windstream shall have no obligation to proceed with such
activities nor shall any otherwise acceptable assignment or transfer be effective against
Windstream until the Parties agree upon the charges that apply to such CLEC change.
5.3 In the event that either Party makes any corporate name change (whether it involves a merger,
consolidation, assignment or transfer, and including addition or deletion of a d/b/a), change in
OCN/AECN, or makes or accepts a transfer or assignment of interconnection trunks or facilities
(including leased facilities), or a change in any other identifier (collectively, a “Company
Change”), the requesting Party shall submit written notice to the other Party within thirty (30) days
of the first action taken to implement such Company Change. Within thirty (30) days following
receipt of that notice, the Parties shall mutually negotiate rates to compensate the Party receiving
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 4
the notice for the expenses to be incurred by the requesting Party to make the Company Change to
the applicable databases, systems, records and/or recording announcement(s). In addition, the
requesting Party shall compensate the receiving Party for any service order charges and/or service
request charges, as specified in Appendix B, associated with such Company Change. The Party’s
Agreement to implement a Company Change is conditioned upon the requesting Party’s agreement
to pay all reasonable and mutually agreed upon charges billed to the requesting Party for such
Company Change.
6.0 Confidential and Proprietary Information
6.1 For the purposes of this Agreement, confidential information means confidential or proprietary
technical, Customer, End User, network, or business information disclosed by one Party (the
"Discloser") to the other Party (the "Recipient"), which is disclosed by one Party to the other in
connection with this Agreement, during negotiations or the term of this Agreement (“Confidential
Information”). Such Confidential Information shall automatically be deemed proprietary to the
Discloser and subject to this §6.0, unless otherwise confirmed in writing by the Discloser. All
other information which is indicated and marked, as Confidential Information at the time of
disclosure shall also be treated as Confidential Information under §6.0 of this Agreement. The
Recipient agrees (i) to use Confidential Information only for the purpose of performing under this
Agreement, (ii) to hold it in confidence and disclose it to no one other than its employees or agents
having a need to know for the purpose of performing under this Agreement, and (iii) to safeguard it
from unauthorized use or disclosure using at least the same degree of care with which the Recipient
safeguards its own Confidential Information, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care.
If the Recipient wishes to disclose the Discloser's Confidential Information to a third-party agent or
consultant, the agent or consultant must have executed a written agreement of nondisclosure and
nonuse comparable to the terms of this Section.
6.2 The Recipient may make copies of Confidential Information only as reasonably necessary to
perform its obligations under this Agreement. All such copies will be subject to the same
restrictions and protections as the original and will bear the same copyright and proprietary rights
notices as are contained on the original.
6.3 The Recipient agrees to return all Confidential Information to the Discloser in tangible form
received from the Discloser, including any copies made by the Recipient within thirty (30) days
after a written request is delivered to the Recipient, or to destroy all such Confidential Information
if directed to do so by Discloser except for Confidential Information that the Recipient reasonably
requires to perform its obligations under this Agreement. If either Party loses or makes an
unauthorized disclosure of the other Party's Confidential Information, it will notify such other
Party immediately and use reasonable efforts to retrieve the lost or wrongfully disclosed
information.
6.4 The Recipient will have no obligation to safeguard Confidential Information: (i) which was in the
possession of the Recipient free of restriction prior to its receipt from the Discloser; (ii) after it
becomes publicly known or available through no breach of this Agreement by the Recipient, (iii)
after it is rightfully acquired by the Recipient free of restrictions on its disclosure, or (iv) after it is
independently developed by personnel of the Recipient to whom the Discloser’s Confidential
Information had not been previously disclosed. In addition, either Party will have the right to
disclose Confidential Information to any state or federal regulatory body, or a court in the conduct
of approval or performance of this Agreement, as long as, in the absence of an applicable
protective order, the Discloser has been previously notified by the Recipient in time sufficient for
the Recipient to undertake lawful measures to avoid disclosing such information and for Discloser
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 5
to have reasonable time to seek or negotiate a protective order before or with any applicable state
or regulatory body or a court.
6.5 The Parties recognize that an individual End User may simultaneously seek to become or be a
Customer of both Parties. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to limit the ability of either Party
to use Customer specific information lawfully obtained from End Users or sources other than the
Discloser, subject to applicable rules governing use of Customer Propriety Network Information
(CPNI).
6.6 Each Party's obligations to safeguard Confidential Information disclosed prior to expiration or
termination of this Agreement will survive such expiration or termination.
6.7 Except as otherwise expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, no license is hereby granted
with respect to any patent, trademark, or copyright, nor is any such license implied solely by virtue
of the disclosure of any Confidential Information.
6.8 Each Party agrees that the Discloser may be irreparably injured by a disclosure in breach of this
Agreement by the Recipient or its representatives and the Discloser will be entitled to seek
equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, in the event of any breach or
threatened breach of the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement. Such remedies will not be
deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement, but will be in addition to all
other remedies available at law or in equity.
7.0 Liability and Indemnification
7.1 Limitation of Liabilities
With respect to any claim or suit for damages arising out of mistakes, omissions, defects in
transmission, interruptions, failures, delays or errors occurring in the course of furnishing any
service hereunder, the liability of the Party furnishing the affected service, if any, shall not exceed
a credit for the actual, documented cost of the services or functions not performed or improperly
performed for the period of that particular service during which such mistakes, omissions, defects
in transmission, interruptions, failures, delays or errors occurs and continues; provided, however,
that any such mistakes, omissions, defects in transmission, interruptions, failures, delays, or errors
which are caused by the gross negligence or willful, wrongful act or omission of the complaining
Party or which arise from the use of the complaining Party's facilities or equipment shall not result
in the imposition of any liability whatsoever upon the other Party furnishing service.
7.2 No Consequential Damages
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY
WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES SUFFERED BY SUCH OTHER PARTY
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR HARM TO BUSINESS, LOST
REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, OR LOST PROFITS SUFFERED BY SUCH OTHER
PARTY), REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND WHETHER ACTIVE OR PASSIVE, AND REGARDLESS
OF WHETHER THE PARTIES KNEW OF THE POSSIBILITY THAT SUCH DAMAGES
COULD RESULT. EACH PARTY HEREBY RELEASES THE OTHER PARTY (AND
SUCH OTHER PARTY'S SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND THEIR
RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS) FROM ANY
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 6
SUCH CLAIM. NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION WILL LIMIT EITHER
PARTY’S LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR (i) WILLFUL OR INTENTIONAL
MISCONDUCT (INCLUDING GROSS NEGLIGENCE) OR (ii) BODILY INJURY,
DEATH, OR DAMAGE TO TANGIBLE REAL OR TANGIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY.
7.3 Obligation to Indemnify
7.3.1 Each Party shall be indemnified (“Indemnified Party”) and held harmless by the other
Party (“Indemnifying Party”) against claims, losses, suits, demands, damages, costs,
expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees (“Claims”), asserted, suffered, or made by
third parties arising from (i) any act or omission of the Indemnifying Party in connection
with its performance or non-performance under this Agreement; and (ii) provision of the
Indemnifying Party's services or equipment, except to the extent such act or omission was
caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party. Each Party shall
also be indemnified and held harmless by the other Party against claims and damages of
persons for services furnished by the Indemnifying Party or by any of its subcontractors,
under worker's compensation laws or similar statutes.
7.3.2 Each Party, as an Indemnifying Party agrees to release, defend, indemnify, and hold
harmless the other Party from any claims, demands or suits that asserts any infringement
or invasion of privacy or confidentiality of any person or persons caused or claimed to be
caused, directly or indirectly, by the Indemnifying Party's employees and equipment
associated with the provision of any service herein. This provision includes but is not
limited to suits arising from unauthorized disclosure of the End User’s name, address or
telephone number.
7.3.3 Neither Party makes any warranties, express or implied, concerning its respective (or any
third party’s) rights with respect to intellectual property (including without limitation,
patent, copyright and trade secret rights) or contract rights associated with their
respective interconnection with the other Party’s network use or receipt of the other
Party’s services.
7.3.4 When the lines or services of other companies and carriers are used in establishing
connections to and/or from points not reached by a Party's lines, neither Party shall be
liable for any act or omission of the other companies or carriers.
7.4 Obligation to Defend; Notice; Cooperation
Whenever a claim arises for indemnification under this Section (the “Claim”), the relevant
Indemnified Party, as appropriate, will promptly notify the Indemnifying Party and request the
Indemnifying Party to defend the same. Failure to so notify the Indemnifying Party will not relieve
the Indemnifying Party of any liability that the Indemnifying Party might have, except to the extent
that such failure prejudices the Indemnifying Party's ability to defend such Claim. The
Indemnifying Party will have the right to defend against such Claim in which event the
Indemnifying Party will give written notice to the Indemnified Party of acceptance of the defense
of such Claim and the identity of counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party. Except as set forth
below, such notice to the relevant Indemnified Party will give the Indemnifying Party full authority
to defend, adjust, compromise, or settle such Claim with respect to which such notice has been
given, except to the extent that any compromise or settlement might prejudice the Intellectual
Property Rights of the relevant Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party will consult with the
relevant Indemnified Party prior to any compromise or settlement that would adversely affect the
Intellectual Property Rights or other rights of any Indemnified Party, and the relevant Indemnified
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 7
Party will have the right, acting reasonably, to refuse such compromise or settlement. and, at such
Indemnified Party’s sole cost, to take over such defense of such Claim. Provided, however, that in
such event the Indemnifying Party will not be responsible for, nor will it be obligated to indemnify
the relevant Indemnified Party against any damages, costs, expenses, or liabilities, including
without limitation, attorneys’ fees, in excess of such refused compromise or settlement With
respect to any defense accepted by the Indemnifying Party, the relevant Indemnified Party will be
entitled to participate with the Indemnifying Party in such defense if the Claim requests equitable
relief or other relief that could affect the rights of the Indemnified Party and also will be entitled to
employ separate counsel for such defense at such Indemnified Party's expense. In the event the
Indemnifying Party does not accept the defense of any indemnified Claim as provided above, the
relevant Indemnified Party will have the right to employ counsel for such defense at the expense of
the Indemnifying Party, and the Indemnifying Party shall be liable for all reasonable costs as
identified by the Indemnified Party associated with Indemnified Party’s defense of such Claim
including court costs, and any settlement or damages awarded the third party. Each Party agrees to
cooperate and to cause its employees and agents to cooperate with the other Party in the defense of
any such Claim.
8.0 Payment of Rates and Late Payment Charges
8.1 Windstream, at its reasonable discretion may require Onvoy to provide Windstream a security
deposit to ensure payment of Onvoy’s account. The security deposit will not exceed an amount
equal to two (2) months anticipated charges (including, but not limited to, recurring and non-
recurring charges), as reasonably determined by Windstream, for the interconnection, resale
services, network elements, collocation or any other functions, facilities, products or services to be
furnished by Windstream under this Agreement.
8.1.1 At Customer’s election, such security deposit shall be either (i) a cash deposit or (ii) other
form of security acceptable to Windstream. Any such security deposit may be held during
the continuance of the service as security for the payment of any and all amounts accruing
for the service.
8.1.2 If a security deposit is required, such security deposit shall be made prior to the activation
of service.
8.1.3 The fact that a security deposit has been provided in no way relieves Onvoy from
complying with Windstream's regulations as to advance payments and the timely payment
of bills on presentation nor does it constitute a waiver or modification of the regular
practices of Windstream providing for the discontinuance of service for non-payment of
any sums due Windstream.
8.1.4 Windstream reserves the right to increase the security deposit requirements by a
reasonable amount when the gross monthly billing has increased beyond the level initially
used to determine the security deposit.
8.1.5 In the event that Onvoy is in breach of this Agreement past all applicable grace or cure
periods, service to Onvoy may be terminated by Windstream; any security deposits
applied to its account and Windstream may pursue any other remedies available at law or
equity.
8.1.6 In the case of a cash deposit, interest at a rate as set forth in the appropriate Windstream
tariff shall be paid to Onvoy during the possession of the security deposit by Windstream.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 8
Interest on a security deposit shall accrue annually and, if requested, shall be annually
credited to Onvoy by the accrual date.
8.2 Windstream may, but is not obligated to, draw on the cash deposit, as applicable, upon the
occurrence of any one of the following events.
8.2.1 Onvoy owes Windstream undisputed charges under this Agreement that are more than
thirty (30) calendar days past due; or
8.2.2 Onvoy admits its inability to pay its debts as such debts become due, has commenced a
voluntary case (or has had an involuntary case commenced against it) under the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code or any other law relating to insolvency, reorganization, wind-up,
composition or adjustment of debts or the like, has made an assignment for the benefit of
creditors or, is subject to a receivership or similar proceeding; or
8.2.3 The expiration or termination of this Agreement.
8.3 If Windstream draws on the security deposit, upon request by Windstream, Onvoy will provide a
replacement deposit conforming to the requirements of Section 8.1.
8.4 Except as otherwise specifically provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the Parties will pay all
undisputed rates and charges due and owing under this Agreement within thirty (30) days of the
invoice date in immediately available funds. The Parties represent and covenant to each other that
all invoices will be promptly processed and mailed in accordance with the Parties’ regular
procedures and billing systems.
8.4.1 If the payment due date falls on a Sunday or on a Holiday which is observed on a
Monday, the payment due date shall be the first non-Holiday following such Sunday or
Holiday. If the payment due date falls on a Saturday or on a Holiday which is observed
on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday, the payment due date shall be the last non-
Holiday preceding such Saturday or Holiday. If payment is not received by the payment
due date, a late penalty, as set forth in §8.5 below, will be assessed.
8.4.2 Each Party shall establish monthly billing dates and the bill date will be the same day
each month. All bills will be delivered to the other Party no later than ten (10) calendar
days from the bill date and at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the payment due
date (as described in this Attachment), whichever is earlier. If a Party fails to receive a
billing within the time period specified in this Section, the corresponding payment due
date will be extended by the number of days the bill is late in being delivered.
8.5 If the undisputed payment amount billed is received by the billing Party after the payment due date
or if any portion of the payment is received by the billing Party in funds which are not immediately
available to the billing Party, then a late payment charge will apply to the unpaid undisputed
balance.
8.6 Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, any amounts not paid when due shall
accrue interest from the date such amounts were due at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%)
monthly.
9.0 Dispute Resolution
9.1 Notice of Disputes
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 9
9.1.1 For all services purchased under this Agreement other than resale services, notice of a
valid contractual dispute must be in writing, specifically documenting the nature of the
dispute, and must include a detailed description of the underlying dispute (the “Dispute
Notice”). Billing disputes must be submitted on the Billing Dispute Form contained in
Appendix A or the dispute will not be accepted as a valid billing dispute and therefore
rejected by the billing Party. The billing dispute form must be completed with all relevant
fields populated by the disputing Party or the form will be rejected by the billing Party.
9.1.2 For resale service purchased pursuant to Attachment 2 of this Agreement, notice of a
valid contractual dispute must be made through the Windstream Express System’s billing
dispute form, specifically documenting the nature of the dispute, and must include a
detailed description of the underlying dispute (the “Billing Dispute”). Billing Disputes
must be submitted via Windstream Express, on the billing dispute form or the dispute will
not be accepted as a valid Billing Dispute and therefore denied by the billing Party. The
billing dispute form must be completed with all relevant fields populated by the disputing
Party or the form will be denied by the billing Party.
9.2 Billing Disputes
9.2.1 For all services purchased under this Agreement, other than resale services, if the
disputing party intends to withhold disputed amounts, the disputing Party must submit the
applicable billing dispute (“Billing Dispute”) to the billing Party on the Billing Dispute
Form contained in Appendix A by the due date of the disputed bill. For all services
purchased under this Agreement, other than resale services, if a particular bill is paid in
full by the due date of the bill, the disputing Party may submit a billing dispute (“Billing
Dispute”) to the billing Party on the Billing Dispute Form contained in Appendix A
within 12 months of the due date of the bill. For resale services purchased pursuant to
Attachment 2 of this Agreement, the billing dispute form must be submitted through
Windstream Express System by the due date on the disputed bill. The dispute form must
be complete, with all relevant fields populated with the required information for the
billable element in dispute. If the billing dispute form is not complete with all
information, the dispute will be rejected by the billing Party. After receipt of a completed
dispute, the billing Party will review to determine the accuracy of the billing dispute and
make a good faith attempt to either accept or reject the dispute within thirty (30) days. If
the billing Party determines the dispute is valid, the billing Party will credit the disputing
Party’s bill by the next bill date. If the billing Party determines the billing dispute is not
valid, the billing Party will provide information outlining why the dispute is rejected.
The disputing Party may escalate the dispute as outlined in section 9.2.1.1. If escalation
of the billing dispute does not occur within the sixty (60) days as outlined below, the
disputing Party must remit payment for the disputed charge, including late payment
charges, to the billing Party by the next bill date and these charges are no longer
considered disputed charges. Closure of the dispute does not waive the disputing Party’s
right to file an additional dispute for prospective billing. The Parties will endeavor to
resolve all Billing Disputes within sixty (60) calendar days from receipt of the Dispute
Form.
9.2.1.1 Resolution of the dispute is expected to occur at the first level of management,
resulting in a recommendation for settlement of the dispute and closure of a
specific billing period. If the issues are not resolved within the allotted time
frame, the following resolution procedure will be implemented:
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 10
9.2.1.1.1 If the escalated dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) calendar days
of receipt of the escalation request, the dispute will be escalated via
written notice to the second level of management, or its equivalent, for
each of the respective Parties for resolution. If the escalated dispute is
not resolved within sixty (60) calendar days of the escalation request,
the dispute will be escalated to the third level of management for each
of the respective Parties for resolution.
9.2.1.1.2 If the escalated dispute is not resolved within ninety (90) calendar days
of the receipt of the escalation request, the dispute will be escalated to
the fourth level of management, or its equivalent, for each of the
respective Parties for resolution.
9.2.1.1.3 Each Party will provide to the other Party an escalation list for
resolving billing disputes. The escalation list will contain the name,
title, phone number, fax number and email address for each escalation
point identified in this section 9.2.1.1. A Party’s failure to pay all
undisputed amounts by the due date listed on the bill, is a material
breach of this Agreement that shall be governed by the Default
provisions of section 4.6.
9.2.1.1.4 If the dispute is not resolved within one hundred twenty (120) days of
receipt of the Dispute Form or either Party is not operating in good faith
to resolve the dispute, the Formal Dispute Resolution process, outlined
in section 9.4, may be invoked.
9.2.1.2 If the disputing Party disputes a charge and does not pay such charge by the
payment due date, such charges shall be subject to late payment charges as set
forth in subsection 8.3 above. If the disputing Party disputes charges and the
dispute is resolved in favor of the disputing Party, the billing Party shall credit
the bill of the disputing Party for the amount of the disputed charges, along with
any late payment charges assessed, by the next billing cycle after the resolution
of the dispute. If the disputing Party disputes a charge and has submitted
payment by the due date, and the dispute is resolved in favor of the disputing
Party, the billing Party shall credit the bill of the disputing Party for the amount
of the disputed charges and any applicable interest. Accordingly, if the disputing
Party disputes charges and the dispute is resolved in favor of the billing Party,
the disputing Party shall pay the billing Party the amount of the disputed charges
and any associated late payment charges, by the next billing due date after the
resolution of the dispute.
9.2.1.3 For purposes of this subsection 9.1.1, a billing dispute shall not include the
refusal to pay undisputed amounts owed to a Party pending resolution of the
dispute. Claims by the disputing Party for damages of any kind will not be
considered a Bona Fide Dispute for purposes of this subsection 9.2.1. Parties
failure to pay all undisputed amounts by the due date listed on the bill is a
material breach of this agreement that shall be governed by the Default
provisions of section 4.6.
9.2.1.3 Neither Party shall bill the other Party for charges incurred more than twelve
(12) months after the service is provided to the non-billing Party.
9.2.2 All Other Disputes
All other disputes (i.e., contractual disputes) shall be valid within the scope of this
Agreement, and the applicable statute of limitations shall govern such disputes.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 11
9.3 Alternative to Litigation
9.3.1 The Parties desire to resolve disputes arising out of this Agreement without litigation.
Accordingly, except for action seeking a temporary restraining order, an injunction, or
similar relief from the PUC related to the purposes of this Agreement, or suit to compel
compliance with this Dispute Resolution process, the Parties agree to use the following
Dispute Resolution procedure with respect to any controversy or claim arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or its breach.
9.3.2 Each Party agrees to promptly notify the other Party in writing of a dispute and may in the
Dispute Notice invoke the informal dispute resolution process described in §9.4. The
Parties will endeavor to resolve the dispute within thirty (30) days after the date of the
Dispute Notice.
9.4 Informal Resolution of Disputes
In the case of any dispute and upon receipt of the Dispute Notice each Party will appoint a duly
authorized representative knowledgeable in telecommunications matters, to meet and negotiate in
good faith to resolve any dispute arising under this Agreement. The location, form, frequency,
duration, and conclusion of these discussions will be left to the discretion of the representatives.
Upon agreement, the representatives may, but are not obligated to, utilize other alternative dispute
resolution procedures such as mediation to assist in the negotiations. Discussions and the
correspondence among the representatives for purposes of settlement are exempt from discovery
and production and will not be admissible in any lawsuit without the concurrence of both Parties.
Documents identified in or provided with such communications, which are not prepared for
purposes of the negotiations, are not so exempted and, if otherwise admissible, may be admitted in
evidence in the lawsuit. Unless otherwise provided herein, or upon the Parties’ Agreement, either
Party may invoke formal dispute resolution procedures or other procedures as appropriate, not
earlier than thirty (30) days after the date of the Dispute Notice, provided the Party invoking the
formal dispute resolution process has in good faith negotiated, or attempted to negotiate, with the
other Party.
9.5 Formal Dispute Resolution
9.5.1 The Parties agree that all unresolved disputes arising under this Agreement may be
submitted to PUC for resolution in accordance with its dispute resolution process and the
outcome of such process will be binding on the Parties, subject to any right to appeal a
decision reached by the PUC under applicable law.
9.5.2 If the PUC does not have or declines to accept jurisdiction over any dispute arising under
this Agreement, either Party may proceed with any remedy available to it pursuant to law,
equity or agency mechanisms
9.5.3 Each Party shall bear its own costs of these procedures unless the Nebraska Public
Service Commission or other presiding authority, if any, rules otherwise. Unless
specifically agreed to otherwise, a Party seeking discovery shall reimburse the responding
Party for the costs of production of documents (including search time and reproduction
costs).
9.6 Conflicts
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 12
9.6.1 The Parties agree that the Dispute Resolution procedures set forth in this Agreement are
not intended to conflict with applicable requirements of the Act or the state commission
with regard to procedures for the resolution of disputes arising out of this Agreement and
do not preclude a Party from seeking relief under applicable rules or procedures of the
PUC.
10.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
11.0 Notices
11.1 Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all notice, consents, approvals,
modifications, or other communications to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
sent postage prepaid by certified US mail return receipt requested. Notice may also be effected by
personal delivery or by overnight courier. All notices will be effective upon actual receipt or
refusal of delivery, and should be directed to the following:
If to Onvoy:
Kyle Bertrand
75 Erie Plaza, Suite 400
Cleveland, OH 44114
Office: (216) 373-4636
Fax:
Email: kyle.bertrand@inteliquent.com
Copy to:
c/o Inteliquent
Att’n: General Counsel
550 W. Adams, 9th Floor
Chicago, IL 60661
If to Windstream:
Windstream
Attn: Staff Manager – Interconnection Services
4001 Rodney Parham Road
1170 B1F02-1212A
Little Rock, AR 72212
Copy to:
Windstream
Attn: Windstream Legal Department
1170 B1F03-53A
Little Rock, AR 72212
11.2 Either Party may unilaterally change its designated representative and/or address, telephone
contact number or facsimile number for the receipt of notices by giving seven (7) days' prior
written notice to the other Party in compliance with this Section.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 13
12.0 Taxes
12.1 Each Party purchasing services hereunder shall pay or otherwise be responsible for all federal,
state, or local sales, use, excise, gross receipts, transaction or similar taxes, fees or surcharges
(hereinafter “Tax”) levied against or upon such purchasing Party (or the providing Party when such
providing Party is permitted to pass along to the purchasing Party such taxes, fees or surcharges),
except for any tax on either Party's corporate existence, status or income, corporate property taxes
and payroll taxes. Whenever possible, these amounts shall be billed as a separate item on the
invoice. Purchasing Party may be exempted from certain taxes if purchasing Party provides proper
documentation, e.g., reseller certificate, from the appropriate taxing authority. Failure to timely
provide said resale tax exemption certificate will result in no exemption being available to the
purchasing Party until such time as the purchasing Party presents a valid certification.
12.2 With respect to any purchase of services, facilities or other arrangements, if any Tax is required or
permitted by applicable law to be collected from the purchasing Party by the providing Party, then
(i) the providing Party shall bill the purchasing Party for such Tax, (ii) the purchasing Party shall
remit such Tax to the providing Party and (iii) the providing Party shall remit such collected Tax to
the applicable taxing authority, except as otherwise indicated below.
12.3 The Parties agree that each Party shall generally be responsible for collecting and remitting to the
appropriate city, any franchise fees or taxes for use of city rights of way, in accordance with the
terms of that Party’s franchise Agreement. In the event a city attempts to require both Parties to
pay franchise fees on the same revenues with respect to resold services or unbundled network
elements then the Parties agree to cooperate in opposing such double taxation.
12.4 With respect to any purchase hereunder of services, facilities or arrangements that are resold to a
third party, the purchasing Party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the providing Party on an
after-tax basis for any costs incurred by the providing Party as a result of actions taken by the
applicable taxing authority to collect the Tax from the providing Party due to the failure of the
purchasing Party to pay or collect and remit such tax to such authority.
12.5 If the providing Party fails to properly bill any Tax as required herein, then, as between the
providing Party and the purchasing Party, (i) the purchasing Party shall remain liable for such
uncollected Tax and (ii) the providing Party shall be liable for any penalty and interest assessed
with respect to such uncollected Tax by such authority. However, if the purchasing Party fails to
pay any taxes properly billed, then, as between the providing Party and the purchasing Party, the
purchasing Party will be solely responsible for payment of the taxes, penalty and interest.
12.7 All notices, affidavits, exemption certificates or other communications required or permitted to be
given by either Party to the other Party under this §12.0, shall be made in writing and sent postage
prepaid by registered mail return receipt requested. All notices shall be effective upon receipt. All
notices sent pursuant to this Section shall be directed to the following:
To Windstream:
Windstream
Attn: Director State and Local Taxes
4001 Rodney Parham Road
1170 B1F03-70A
Little Rock, AR 72212
Copy to:
Windstream
Staff Manager - Interconnection Services
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 14
4001 Rodney Parham Road
1170 B1F02-1212A
Little Rock, AR 72212
To Onvoy:
Onvoy, LLC c/o Inteliquent – Tax Department
550 W. Adams, 9th Floor.
Chicago, IL 60661
Email: resalecerts@inteliquent.com
12.8 Either Party may unilaterally change its designated representative and/or address, telephone
contact number or facsimile number for the receipt of notices by giving seven (7) days' prior
written notice to the other Party in compliance with this Section.
13.0 Insurance
13.1 Both parties agree to maintain workers compensation, general liability, auto liability and
professional liability (Errors and Omissions) coverage at reasonably sufficient levels as like
companies would carry. Upon request, either party may request certificates of insurance.
13.0 Force Majeure
13.1 Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, neither Party shall be liable for delays
or failures in performance resulting from acts or occurrences beyond the reasonable control of such
Party, regardless of whether such delays or failures in performance were foreseen or foreseeable as
of the date of this Agreement, including, without limitation: fire, explosion, power failure, acts of
God, war, revolution, civil commotion, or acts of public enemies; epidemics, riots, insurrections,
earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, nuclear accidents, floods, or labor unrest, including, without
limitation strikes, slowdowns, picketing or boycotts or delays caused by the other Party or by other
service or equipment vendors; or any other similar circumstances beyond the Party's reasonable
control. In such event, the Party affected shall, upon giving prompt notice to the other Party, be
excused from such performance on a day-to-day basis to the extent of such interference (and the
other Party shall likewise be excused from performance of its obligations on a day-for-day basis to
the extent such Party's obligations relate to the performance so interfered with). The affected Party
shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to avoid or remove the cause of nonperformance and
both Parties shall proceed to perform with dispatch once the causes are removed or cease.
14.0 Publicity
14.1 The Parties agree not to use in any advertising or sales promotion, press releases or other publicity
matters, any endorsements, direct or indirect quotes or pictures implying endorsement by the other
Party or any of its employees without such Party's prior written approval. The Parties will submit
to each other for written approval, prior to publication, all such publicity endorsement matters that
mention or display the other's name and/or marks or contain language from which a connection to
said name and/or marks may be inferred or implied.
14.2 Neither Party will offer any services using the trademarks, service marks, trade names, brand
names, logos, insignia, symbols or decorative designs of the other Party or its affiliates without the
other Party’s written authorization.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 15
15.0 Network Maintenance and Management
15.1 The Parties will work cooperatively to implement this Agreement. The Parties will exchange
appropriate information (e.g., maintenance contact numbers, network information, information
required to comply with law enforcement and other security agencies of the Government, etc.) to
achieve this desired reliability, subject to the confidentiality provisions herein.
15.2 Each Party will provide a 24-hour contact number for Network Traffic Management issues to the
other's surveillance management center. A facsimile (FAX) number must also be provided to
facilitate event notifications for planned mass calling events. Additionally, both Parties agree that
they will work cooperatively to ensure that all such events will attempt to be conducted in such a
manner as to avoid disruption or loss of service to other End Users.
15.2.1 24 Hour Network Management Contact:
For Windstream:
Contact Number: 330-650-7929
For Onvoy:
Contact Number: 866-388-7258
15.3 Neither Party will use any service provided under this Agreement in a manner that impairs the
quality of service to other carriers or to either Party’s subscribers. Either Party will provide the
other Party notice of said impairment at the earliest practicable time.
16.0 Law Enforcement and Civil Process
16.1 Intercept Devices
Local and federal law enforcement agencies periodically request information or assistance from
local telephone service providers. When either Party receives a request associated with a
Customer of the other Party, the receiving Party will, to the extent not legally precluded, refer such
request to the appropriate Party, unless the request directs the receiving Party to attach a pen
register, trap-and-trace or form of intercept on the Party's own facilities, in which case that Party
will comply with any valid requirement, to the extent the receiving Party is able to do so; if such
compliance requires the assistance of the other Party such assistance will be provided.
16.2 Subpoenas
If a Party receives a subpoena for information concerning an End User the Party knows to be an
End User of the other Party, the receiving Party will refer the subpoena to the requesting entity
with an indication that the other Party is the responsible company. The non-receiving Party hereby
consents to the receiving Party making that referral.
16.3 Law Enforcement Emergencies
If a Party receives a request from a law enforcement agency to implement at its switch a temporary
number change, temporary disconnect, or one-way denial of outbound calls for an End User of the
other Party, the receiving Party will comply so long as it is a valid emergency request. Neither
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 16
Party will be held liable for any claims or damages arising from compliance with such requests,
and the Party serving the End User agrees to indemnify and hold the other Party harmless against
any and all such claims.
16.4 The Parties will provide five (5) day a week 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. installation and information
retrieval pertaining to lawful, manual traps and information retrieval on Customer invoked CLASS
services pertaining to non-emergency calls such as annoyance calls. The Parties will provide
assistance twenty-four (24) hours per day for situations involving immediate threat of life or at the
request of law enforcement officials. The Parties will provide a twenty-four (24) hour contact
number to administer this process.
17.0 Changes in Subscriber Carrier Selection
17.1 Each Party will abide by applicable state or federal laws and regulations in obtaining End User
authorization prior to changing End User’s Local Service Provider to itself and in assuming
responsibility for any applicable charges as specified in §258 (b) of the Telecommunications Act
of 1996. Either Party shall make authorization available to the other Party upon reasonable
requests and at no charge.
17.2 Either Party can initiate a challenge to a change in its local exchange service provider. If an End
User notifies either Party that the End User requests local exchange service, the Party receiving
such request shall be free to immediately provide service to such End User.
17.3 When an End User changes or withdraws authorization, each Party will release Customer specific
facilities in accordance with the Customers’ direction or the End User’s authorized agent.
17.4 Subject to applicable rules, orders, and decisions, Windstream will provide Onvoy with access to
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) for Windstream End Users upon Onvoy
providing Windstream a signed Letter of Agency (LOA) for Windstream’s Customer of record,
based on Onvoy’s representation that subscriber has authorized Onvoy to obtain such CPNI.
17.4.1 The Parties agree that they will conform to FCC and/or state regulations regarding the
provisioning of CPNI between the Parties, and regarding the use of that information by
the requesting Party.
17.4.2 The requesting Party will document End User permission obtained to receive CPNI,
whether or not the End User has agreed to change Local Service Providers. For End
Users changing service from one Party to the other, specific End User LOAs may be
requested by the Party receiving CPNI requests to investigate possible slamming
incidents, and for other reasons agreed to by the Parties. The receiving Party may also
request documentation of an LOA if CPNI is requested and a subsequent service order for
the change of local service is not received.
17.4.3 CPNI requests will be processed in accordance with the following:
17.4.3.1 For Customers with 1-25 lines: two (2) business days.
17.4.3.2 For Customers with 26+ lines: three (3) business days.
17.4.4 If the Parties do not agree that Onvoy requested CPNI for a specific End User, or that
Windstream has erred in not accepting proof of an LOA, the Parties may immediately
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 17
request dispute resolution in accordance with General Terms & Conditions, §9.0, Dispute
Resolution.
17.5 Windstream will only accept an LOA for a Windstream Customer of record. Onvoy may not delegate
its obligation to obtain written authorization from Windstream’s Customer of record to a third party.
18.0 Amendments or Waivers
18.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no amendment to this Agreement will be effective
unless the same is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of each Party. In addition, no
course of dealing or failure of a Party strictly to enforce any term, right or condition of this Agreement
will be construed as a waiver of such term, right, or condition. The Parties enter into this Agreement
without prejudice to any positions they have taken previously, or may take in the future in any
legislative, regulatory, other public forum, contract negotiation, or bona fide request, including
matters related to the types of arrangements prescribed by this Agreement.
19.0 Authority
19.1 Each person whose signature appears below has the authority to bind the Party on whose behalf
they executed this Agreement.
20.0 Binding Effect
20.1 This Agreement will be binding on and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and
permitted assigns of the Parties.
21.0 Consent
21.1 Where consent, approval, or mutual Agreement is required of a Party, it will not be unreasonably
conditioned, withheld or delayed.
22.0 Expenses
22.1 Except as specifically set out in this Agreement, each Party will be solely responsible for its own
expenses involved in all activities related to the subject of this Agreement.
23.0 Headings
23.1 The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and will not
be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement.
24.0 Relationship of Parties
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 18
24.1 This Agreement will not establish, be interpreted as establishing, or be used by either Party to
establish or to represent their relationship as any form of agency, partnership or joint venture.
Neither Party will have any authority to bind the other Party, nor to act as an agent for the other
Party unless written authority, separate from this Agreement, is signed by both Parties. Nothing in
the Agreement will be construed as providing for the sharing of profits or losses arising out of the
efforts of either or both of the Parties. Nothing herein will be construed as making either Party
responsible or liable for the obligations and undertakings of the other Party.
25.0 Conflict of Interest
25.1 The Parties represent that no employee or agent of either Party has been or will be employed,
retained, paid a fee, or otherwise received or will receive any personal compensation or
consideration from the other Party, or any of the other Party’s employees or agents in connection
with the arranging or negotiation of this Agreement or associated documents.
26.0 Multiple Counterparts
26.1 This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which will be deemed an
original but all of which will together constitute but one, and the same document.
27.0 Third Party Beneficiaries
27.1 Except as may be specifically set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement does not provide and
will not be construed to provide third parties with any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement,
cause of action, or other privilege.
28.0 Regulatory Approval
28.1 Each Party agrees to cooperate with the other Party and with any regulatory agency to obtain
regulatory approval. During the term of this Agreement, each Party agrees to continue to
cooperate with the other Party and any regulatory agency so that the benefits of this Agreement
may be achieved.
28.2 Upon execution of this Agreement, it shall be filed with the appropriate state regulatory agency
pursuant to the requirements of §252 of the Act. If the state regulatory agency imposes any
filing(s) or public interest notice(s) regarding the filing or approval of the Agreement, Windstream
shall assume sole responsibility in making such filings or notices. All costs, if any, associated with
the aforementioned filing(s) or notice(s) shall be shared by the Parties.
29.0 Trademarks and Trade Names
29.1 Each Party warrants that, to the best of its knowledge, the services provided under this Agreement
do not or will not violate or infringe upon any patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret rights of
any other persons.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 19
29.2 Except as specifically set out in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement will grant, suggest, or
imply any authority for one Party to use the name, trademarks, service marks, or trade names of the
other Party for any purpose whatsoever, absent written consent of the other Party.
30.0 Regulatory Authority
30.1 Each Party will be responsible for obtaining and keeping in effect all Federal Communications
Commission, state regulatory commission, franchise authority and other regulatory approvals that
may be required in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Each
Party will reasonably cooperate with the other Party in obtaining and maintaining any required
approvals necessary for fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.
31.0 Verification Reviews
31.1 Subject to each Party’s reasonable security requirements and except as may be otherwise
specifically provided in this Agreement, either Party may audit the other Party’s relevant books,
records and other documents pertaining to services provided under this Agreement once in each
Contract Year solely for the purpose of evaluating the accuracy of the other Party’s billing and
invoicing to the other Party. Such audit will take place at a time and place agreed on by the Parties
no later than sixty (60) days after notice thereof.
31.2 The review will consist of an examination and verification of data involving records, systems,
procedures and other information related to the services performed by either Party as related to
settlement charges or payments made in connection with this Agreement as determined by either
Party to be reasonably required. Each Party shall maintain reasonable records for a minimum of
twelve (12) months and provide the other Party with reasonable access to such information as is
necessary to determine amounts receivable or payable under this Agreement.
31.3 Adjustments, credits, or payments shall be made and any corrective action shall commence within
thirty (30) days or by the second invoice cycle date from the Requesting Party’s receipt of the final
audit report to compensate for any errors or omissions which are disclosed by such audit and are
agreed to by the Parties. Audit findings may be applied retroactively for no more than twelve (12)
months from the date the audit began. Interest shall not exceed one and one-half (1 ½%) of the
highest interest rate allowable by law for commercial transactions shall be assessed and shall be
computed by compounding daily from the time of the overcharge, not to exceed twelve (12)
months from the date the audit began to the day of payment or credit. Any disputes concerning
audit results will be resolved pursuant to the Dispute Resolution procedures described in §9.0 of
this Agreement.
31.4 Each Party will cooperate fully in any such audit, providing reasonable access to any and all
appropriate employees and books, records and other documents reasonably necessary to assess the
accuracy of the Party’s bills.
31.5 Verification reviews will be limited in frequency to once per twelve (12) month period, with
provision for staged reviews, as mutually agreed, so that all subject matters are not required to be
reviewed at the same time. Verification reviews will be scheduled subject to the reasonable
requirements and limitations of the audited Party and will be conducted in a manner that will not
interfere with the audited Party’s business operations.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 20
31.6 The Party requesting a verification review shall fully bear its costs associated with conducting a
review. The Party being reviewed will provide access to required information, as outlined in this
Section, at no charge to the reviewing Party. Should the reviewing Party request information or
assistance beyond that reasonably required to conduct such a review, the Party being reviewed
may, at its option, decline to comply with such request or may bill actual, documented costs
incurred in complying subsequent to the concurrence of the reviewing Party.
31.7 For purposes of conducting an audit pursuant to this Agreement, the Parties may employ other
persons or firms for this purpose (so long as such third parties are bound by a non-disclosure
agreement). The Parties will bear their own reasonable expenses associated with the audit.
31.8 Information obtained or received by either Party in conducting the audit described in §31.0 shall
be subject to the confidentiality provisions of §6.0 of this Agreement, whether or not marked as
confidential.
32.0 Complete Terms
32.1 This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and supersedes prior Agreements between the
Parties relating to the subject matter contained herein and merges all prior discussions between
them, and neither Party shall be bound by any definition, condition, provision, representation,
warranty, covenant or promise other than as expressly stated in this Agreement or as is
contemporaneously or subsequently set forth in writing and executed by a duly authorized officer
or representative of the Party to be bound thereby.
33.0 Cooperation on Preventing End User Fraud
33.1 The Parties agree to cooperate with one another to investigate, minimize, and take corrective
action in cases of fraud. The Parties' fraud minimization procedures are to be cost-effective and
implemented so as not to unduly burden or harm one Party as compared to the other Party.
33.2 In cases of suspected fraudulent activity by an End User, at a minimum, the cooperation referenced
in the above paragraph will include providing to the other Party, upon request, information
concerning End Users who terminate services to that Party without paying all outstanding charges.
The Party seeking such information is responsible for securing the End User's permission to obtain
such information.
34.0 Notice of Network Changes
34.1 The Parties agree to provide each other with reasonable notice consistent with applicable FCC
rules of changes in the information necessary for the transmission and routing of services using the
other Party’s facilities or networks, as well as other changes that affect the interoperability of those
respective facilities and networks. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to limit either Party’s
ability to upgrade or modify its network, including without limitation, the incorporation of new
equipment, new software or otherwise so long as such upgrades are not inconsistent with the
Parties’ obligations under this Agreement.
35.0 Modification of Agreement
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 21
35.1 If either Party changes its name or makes changes to its company structure or identity due to a
merger, acquisition, transfer or any other reason, it is the responsibility of that Party to notify the
other Party of said change and request that an amendment to this Agreement, if necessary, be
executed to reflect said change.
36.0 Responsibility of Each Party
36.1 Each Party is an independent contractor, and has and hereby retains the right to exercise full
control of and supervision over its own performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
retains full control over the employment, direction, compensation and discharge of its employees
assisting in the performance of such obligations. Each Party will be solely responsible for all
matters relating to payment of such employees, including compliance with social security taxes,
withholding taxes and all other regulations governing such matters. Each Party will be solely
responsible for proper handling, storage, transport and disposal at its own expense of all (i)
substances or materials that it or its contractors or agents bring to, create or assume control over at
Work Locations or, (ii) waste resulting therefrom or otherwise generated in connection with its or
its contractors' or agents' activities at the Work Locations. Subject to the limitations on liability in
this Agreement, and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Party will be
responsible for (i) its own acts and performance of all obligations imposed by applicable law in
connection with its activities, legal status and property, real or personal and, (ii) the acts of its own
affiliates, employees, agents and contractors during the performance of the Party's obligations
hereunder.
37.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
38.0 Governmental Compliance
38.1 Each Party will comply at its own expense with all applicable law that relates to i) its obligations
under or activities in connection with this Agreement; of ii) its activities undertaken at, in
connection with or relating to Work Locations. The Parties agree to indemnify, defend, (at the
other Party's request) and save harmless the other Party, each of its officers, directors and
employees from and against any losses, damages, claims, demands, suits, liabilities, fines,
penalties, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that arise out of or result from i) its
failure or the failure of its contractors or agents to comply with this Section 38.1 or ii) any activity,
omission, or duty of such Party or its contractors or agents that triggers any legal obligation to
investigate or remediate environmental contamination in connection with this Section 38.1.
39.0 Responsibility for Environmental Contamination
39.1 Onvoy will in no event be liable to Windstream for any costs whatsoever resulting from the
presence or release of any Environmental Hazard that Onvoy did not introduce to the affected
work location. Windstream will indemnify, defend (at Onvoy's request) and hold harmless Onvoy,
each of its officers, directors and employees from and against any losses, damages, claims,
demands, suits, liabilities, fines, penalties and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that
arise out of or result from (i) any Environmental Hazard that Windstream, its contractors or agents
introduce to the Work Locations or (ii) the presence or release of any Environmental Hazard for
which Windstream is responsible under applicable law.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 22
39.2 Windstream will in no event be liable to Onvoy for any costs whatsoever resulting from the
presence or release of any Environmental Hazard that Windstream did not introduce to the affected
work location. Onvoy will indemnify, defend (at Windstream's request) and hold harmless
Windstream, each of its officers, directors and employees from and against any losses, damages,
claims, demands, suits, liabilities, fines, penalties and expenses (including reasonable attorneys'
fees) that arise out of or result from i) any Environmental Hazard that Onvoy, its contractors or
agents introduce to the Work Locations or ii) the presence or release of any Environmental Hazard
for which Onvoy is responsible under applicable law.
40.0 Subcontracting
40.1 If a Party through a subcontractor performs any obligation under this Agreement, such Party will
remain fully responsible for the performance of this Agreement in accordance with its terms,
including any obligations such Party performs through its subcontractors, and each Party will be
solely responsible for payments due to the subcontractors such Party engages or uses. No
subcontractor will be deemed a third party beneficiary for any purposes under this Agreement.
Any subcontractor who gains access to Confidential Information covered by this Agreement will
be required by the subcontracting Party to protect such Confidential Information to the same extent
the subcontracting Party is required to protect the same under the terms of this Agreement.
41.0 Referenced Documents
41.1 Whenever any provision of this Agreement refers to a technical reference, technical publication,
any publication of telecommunications industry administrative or technical standards, Windstream
handbooks and manuals, or any other document specifically incorporated into this Agreement, it
will be deemed to be a reference to the most recent version or edition (including any amendments,
supplements, addenda, or successors) of each document that is in effect, and will include the most
recent version or edition (including any amendments, supplements, addenda, or successors) of each
document incorporated by reference in such a technical reference, technical publication, or
publication of industry standards. However, if such reference material is substantially altered in a
more recent version to significantly change the obligations of either Party as of the Effective Date
of this Agreement and the Parties are not in Agreement concerning such modifications, the Parties
agree to negotiate in good faith to determine how such changes will impact performance of the
Parties under this Agreement, if at all. Until such time as the Parties agree, the provisions of the
last accepted and unchallenged version will remain in force.
42.0 Severability
42.1 If any term, condition or provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any
reason, such invalidity or unenforceability will not invalidate the entire Agreement, unless such
construction would be unreasonable. The Agreement will be construed as if it did not contain the
invalid or unenforceable provision or provisions, and the rights and obligations of each Party will
be construed and enforced accordingly; provided, however, that in the event such invalid or
unenforceable provision or provisions are essential elements of this Agreement and substantially
impair the rights or obligations of either Party, the Parties will promptly negotiate a replacement
provision or provisions. If impasse is reached, the Parties will resolve said impasse under §9.0,
Dispute Resolution.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 23
43.0 Survival of Obligations
43.1 Any liabilities or obligations of a Party for acts or omissions prior to the cancellation or
termination of this Agreement, any obligation of a Party under the provisions regarding
indemnification, Confidential Information, limitations on liability, and any other provisions of this
Agreement which, by their terms, are contemplated to survive (or to be performed after)
termination of this Agreement, will survive cancellation or termination thereof.
44.0 Governing Law
44.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with applicable federal law, the
Act, and the FCC’s Rules and Regulations, except insofar as state law may control any aspect of
this Agreement, in which case the domestic laws of Nebraska, without regard to its conflicts of
laws principles, shall govern. The Parties submit to personal jurisdiction in Nebraska.
45.0 Other Obligations of Onvoy
45.1 Intentionally Left Blank.
45.2 Onvoy shall use Windstream’s electronic operations support system (OSS) access platform
(Windstream Express) to submit orders and requests for maintenance and repair of services, and to
engage in other pre-ordering, ordering, provisioning, maintenance and repair transactions. If
Windstream has not deployed an electronic capability, Onvoy shall use such other processes as
Windstream has made available for performing such transaction (including, but not limited, to
submission of orders by telephonic facsimile transmission and placing trouble reports by voice
telephone transmission). If Onvoy chooses to submit orders manually, when Windstream’s
electronic operations support system access platform (Windstream Express) is available, Onvoy
will pay a manual order charge as reflected in the applicable Windstream tariff.
45.3 Onvoy represents and covenants that it will only use Windstream Express pursuant to this
Agreement for services related to UNEs, resold services or other services covered by this
Agreement, for which this Agreement contains explicit terms, conditions and rates and will not
provide its access to a third party.
45.4 A service order processing charge (Service Order Charge) will be applied to each service order
issued by one Party to the other Party to process a request for installation, disconnection,
rearrangement, or changes to orders or existing service pursuant to this Agreement.
46.0 Customer Inquiries
46.1 Each Party will refer all questions regarding the other Party’s services or products directly to the
other Party at a telephone number specified by that Party.
46.2 Each Party will ensure that all of their representatives who receive inquiries regarding the other
Party’s services or products: (i) take commercially reasonably efforts to provide contact
information of the other Party; and (ii) do not in any way disparage or discriminate against the
other Party or its services or products.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 24
47.0 Disclaimer of Warranties
47.1 EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT,
NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY AS TO
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR INTENDED OR PARTICULAR PURPOSE
WITH RESPECT TO SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER. ADDITIONALLY,
NEITHER PARTY ASSUMES ANY RESPONSIBILITY WITH REGARD TO THE
CORRECTNESS OF DATA OR INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY THE OTHER PARTY
WHEN THIS DATA OR INFORMATION IS ACCESSED AND USED BY A THIRD
PARTY.
48.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
49.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
50.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
51.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
52.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
53.0 Definitions and Acronyms
53.1 Definitions
For purposes of this Agreement, certain terms have been defined in Attachment 20: Definitions and
elsewhere in this Agreement to encompass meanings that may differ from, or be in addition to, the
normal connotation of the defined word. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, any term
defined or used in the singular will include the plural. The words "will" and "shall" are used
interchangeably throughout this Agreement and the use of either connotes a mandatory
requirement. The use of one or the other will not mean a different degree of right or obligation for
either Party. A defined word intended to convey its special meaning is capitalized when used.
53.2 Acronyms
Other terms that are capitalized and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning in the
Act. For convenience of reference only, Attachment 21: Acronyms provides a list of acronyms
used throughout this Agreement.
54.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 25
55.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
56.0 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
57.0 Other Requirements and Attachments
57.1 This Agreement incorporates a number of listed Attachments, which, together with their associated
Appendices, Exhibits, and Addenda, constitute the entire Agreement between the Parties.
57.1.1 Each Party agrees that if at any time a discrepancy arises between the General Terms and
Conditions and one of the Attachments, the Attachments will control.
57.1.2 Appended to this Agreement and incorporated herein are the Attachments listed below.
To the extent that any definitions, terms or conditions in any given Attachment differ from
those contained in the main body of this Agreement, those definitions, terms or conditions
will supersede those contained in the main body of this Agreement, but only in regard to
the services or activities listed in that particular Attachment.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
General Terms & Conditions
Page 26
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of this 14th day of
January, 2019.
Onvoy, LLC – NE Windstream Nebraska, Inc.
Kyle Bertrand S. Lynn Hughes
Print Name Print Name
(cid:3)(cid:1)(cid:3)(cid:5)(cid:1)(cid:4)(cid:2)(cid:3)(cid:6) (cid:3)(cid:1)(cid:3)(cid:5)(cid:1)(cid:4)(cid:2)(cid:3)(cid:6)
Sign Name: Date Sign Name: Date
VP – Procurement Management and Network Optimization Director – Carrier Interconnect
Position/Title Position/Title
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 1: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Page 27
ATTACHMENT 1: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 2: Intentionally Left Blank
Page 28
ATTACHMENT 2: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 3: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Page 29
ATTACHMENT 3: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 4: Network Interconnection Architecture
Page 30
ATTACHMENT 4: NETWORK INTERCONNECTION ARCHITECTURE
1.0 Scope
1.1 This Attachment describes the arrangements that may be utilized by the Parties for interconnection
of their respective networks for the transmission and routing of Telephone Exchange Service and
Exchange Access Service pursuant to §251 of the Act. Network Interconnection will be provided
by the Parties at any technically feasible point(s) within Windstream’s interconnected network
within a LATA. Onvoy must establish a point of interconnection at the Windstream tandem that
supports the rate center in which Onvoy is providing service. It is Onvoy’s responsibility to
establish interconnection, pursuant to this Attachment, within Windstream’s interconnected
network within each LATA. In each Windstream Exchange Area where the Parties interconnect
their networks, the Parties will utilize the interconnection method as specified below unless
otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by the Parties. Traffic originated by any third party, not a
Party to this Agreement, delivered to the other Party, regardless of whether such traffic is delivered
to the Party’s End User, is not originating on that Party’s network and may not be routed through
any interconnection facilities. The terms “originate” and “terminate” refer to the end points of a
call, regardless of the classification of the Party’s End User.
1.2 Each Party is responsible for the cost, appropriate sizing, operation, and maintenance of the
facilities on its side of each IP. Each IP must be located within Windstream’s serving territory in
the LATA in which traffic is originating. An IP determines the point up to which the originating
Party shall be responsible for providing at its own expense, the call transport with respect to its
Local traffic and IntraLATA Traffic.
1.3 An Interconnection Point ("IP"), as defined in §2.0 of this Attachment will be designated for each
interconnection arrangement established pursuant to this Agreement. Street address and/or
Vertical and Horizontal (V & H) Coordinates will be provided to identify each IP.
2.0 Interconnection
2.1 Direct interconnection facilities provide for network interconnection between the Parties at a
technically feasible point(s) on Windstream’s interconnected network within a LATA as described
in Section 2.1.1. Onvoy must establish, a minimum of one Onvoy designated IP’s within
Windstream’s interconnected network in the LATA where Onvoy offers service. Traffic
originated by any third party, not a Party to this Agreement, delivered to the other Party, regardless
of whether such traffic is delivered to the Party’s End User, is not originating on that Party’s
network and may not be routed through the direct interconnection facilities. Direct interconnection
shall be accomplished by, including but not limited to, one or more of the following methods:
1) lease arrangements, and 2) jointly provisioned facilities arrangements.
2.1.1 In order to gain connectivity, the IP is required at the collocation between Windstream and Onvoy.
If no collocation is available, the IP will be at the following locations:
a) IP at the Windstream Tandem Office where available;
b) IP at the Windstream End Office;
c) IP at the Windstream Access Tandem, where available, or End Office for a Windstream
remote central office.
2.1.2 Lease arrangements will be governed by the applicable Windstream interstate, intrastate
or local, special access or private line tariffs under which Onvoy orders service.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 4: Network Interconnection Architecture
Page 31
2.1.3 Each Party will be responsible for the engineering and construction of its own network
facilities on its side of the IP, however, should Windstream be required to modify its
network to accommodate the interconnection request made by Onvoy, Onvoy agrees to
pay Windstream reasonable charges for such modifications. If Onvoy uses a third party
network Carrier to reach the IP, Onvoy will bear all third party Carrier charges for
facilities and traffic.
2.2 The Parties shall utilize direct end office facilities under any one of the following conditions:
2.2.1 Tandem Exhaust - If a tandem through which the Parties are interconnected is unable to,
or is forecasted to be unable to support additional traffic loads for any period of time, the
Parties will mutually agree on an end office facility plan that will alleviate the tandem
capacity shortage and ensure completion of traffic between Onvoy and Windstream.
2.2.2 Traffic Volume – Where traffic exceeds or is forecasted to exceed a single DS1 of traffic
per month, then Onvoy shall install and retain direct end office facilities sufficient to
handle such traffic volumes. Onvoy will install additional capacity between such points
when overflow traffic exceeds or is forecasted to exceed a single DS1 of traffic per
month. In the case of one-way facilities, additional facilities shall only be required by the
Party whose facilities has achieved the preceding usage threshold.
2.2.3 Mutual Agreement - The Parties may install direct end office facilities upon mutual
agreement in the absence of conditions (2.2.1) or (2.2.2) above.
2.3 Indirect Interconnection. Both Parties agree traffic shall be exchanged through the tandem that the
Windstream end office is associated with as identified in the Local Exchange Routing Guide
(“LERG”) until such time either Parties’ traffic meets or exceeds the equivalent of two (2) DS1s
level volume of calls, for three (3) consecutive months or Onvoy enters into a Windstream rate
center to compete for voice services. Both Parties agree only to deliver traffic to the other
pursuant to and consistent with the terms of this Agreement. Neither Party shall utilize a third
party for the delivery of traffic to the other pursuant to this Agreement without the prior written
consent of all Parties and without the establishment of mutually agreeable terms and conditions
among all Parties governing any intermediary arrangement with a third party. Traffic originated by
any third party, not a Party to this Agreement, delivered to the other Party, regardless of whether
such traffic is delivered to the Party’s End User, is not originating on that Party’s network and may
not be routed through Indirect Interconnection unless the traffic is properly identified as being
originated by a 3rd party and such traffic is Local Traffic as defined in this Agreement.
2.4 Transit Traffic. When Windstream is the tandem provider identified in the LERG, Windstream
will transit traffic originated on Onvoy’s or its wholesale customer’s network and deliver the
transit traffic to the terminating third party network. Windstream will charge Onvoy the rate set
forth in Attachment 12 Section 5.1.3.
2.5 Except in the event of an outage that otherwise prevents traffic completion, neither Party shall
deliver: (i) traffic destined to terminate at the other Party's end office via another LEC's end office,
or (ii) traffic destined to terminate at an end office subtending the other Party's tandem via another
LEC's tandem. Further, neither Party shall deliver traffic destined for termination to the other
Party’s end office via any other end office of the terminating Party.
3.0 Signaling Requirements
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 4: Network Interconnection Architecture
Page 32
3.1 Signaling protocol. The Parties will interconnect their networks using SS7 signaling where
technically feasible and available as defined in FR 905 Bellcore Standards including ISDN user
part ("ISUP") for trunk signaling and Transaction Capabilities Application Part ("TCAP") for
CCS-based features in the interconnection of their networks. All Network Interoperability
Interface Forum (NIIF) adopted standards shall be adhered to.
3.2 Where available, CCS signaling shall be used by the Parties to set up calls between the Parties'
Telephone Exchange Service networks. If CCS signaling is unavailable, the Parties shall use MF
(Multi-Frequency) signaling.
3.3 The following list of publications describe the practices, procedures and specifications generally
utilized by the industry for signaling purposes and are listed herein to assist the Parties in meeting
their respective interconnection responsibilities related to signaling:
GR-000246-CORE, Bell Communications Research Specifications of
Signaling System 7 (“SS7”)
GR-000317-CORE, Switching System Requirements for Call Control
Using the Integrated Services Digital Network User Part
GR-000394-CORE, Switching System Requirements for Interexchange
Carrier Interconnection Using the Integrated Services Digital Network
User Part
GR-000606-CORE, LATA Switching Systems Generic Requirements-
Common Channel Signaling-§6.5
GR-000905-CORE, Common Channel Signaling Network Interface
Specification Supporting Network Interconnection Message Transfer
Part (“MTP”) and Integrated Digital Services Network User Part
(“ISDNUP”)
3.4 The Parties will cooperate on the exchange of Transactional Capabilities Application Part (TCAP)
messages to facilitate interoperability of CCS-based features between their respective networks,
including all CLASS features and functions, to the extent each Party offers such features and
functions to its End Users. All CCS signaling parameters will be provided including, without
limitation, Calling Party Number (CPN), Originating Line Information (“OLI”), calling party
category and charge number.
3.5 Where available each Party shall cooperate to ensure that all of its trunk groups are configured
utilizing the B8ZS ESF protocol for 64 kbps clear channel transmission to allow for ISDN
interoperability between the Parties' respective networks.
3.6 The Parties shall jointly develop a grooming plan (the "Joint Grooming Plan") which shall define
and detail, inter alia,
3.6.1 disaster recovery provisions and escalations;
3.6.2 direct/high usage trunk engineering guidelines; and
3.6.3 such other matters as the Parties may agree.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 4: Network Interconnection Architecture
Page 33
3.7 If a Party makes a change in its network, which it believes will materially affect the interoperability
of its network with the other Party, the Party making the change shall provide thirty (30) days
advance written notice of such change to the other Party.
4.0 Interconnection and Trunking Requirements
4.1 Local Traffic and IntraLATA Traffic
4.1.1 The Parties shall reciprocally terminate Local Traffic and IntraLATA calls originating on
each other's networks as follows:
4.1.1.1 Where technically feasible, the Parties shall make available to each other two-
way trunks for the reciprocal exchange of combined Local Traffic and
IntraLATA traffic. In such case, each Party will provide to each other its
Percentage of Local Use (PLU) for billing purposes on a quarterly basis. If a
Necessary Factor is not provided, the one already in effect stays in effect. If
either Party questions the accuracy of the other’s PLU, that issue may be
included in a verification review as provided in §32.0 of the General Terms and
Conditions. Pending such verification review, the PLU in effect immediately
prior to the verification review shall remain in effect. If at any time during the
term of this Agreement, the average monthly number of minutes of use
(combined Local Traffic and IntraLATA traffic) terminated by either Party on
the network of the other exceeds the generally accepted engineering practices as
mutually agreed to by the Parties, the Party on whose network those minutes
have been terminated may elect to require jurisdictionally separate trunks for
Local Traffic and IntraLATA traffic.
4.1.1.2 Each Party's operator bureau shall accept BLV and BLVI inquiries from the
operator bureau of the other Party in order to allow transparent provisioning of
BLV/BLVI traffic between the Parties' networks. Each Party shall route
BLV/BLVI inquiries between the Parties respective operator bureaus.
4.1.2 Neither Party shall utilize the Local/IntraLATA facilities for delivery of any other type of
traffic to the other Party.
4.2 Trunking and Facilities
4.2.1 Trunking will be established at the DS-1 level or DS-0 level, and facilities will be
established at the DS1, DS-3/OC-3 level, or higher, as agreed upon by the Parties. All
trunking will be jointly engineered to an objective P.01 grade of service.
4.2.2 Where Windstream is Onvoy’s 911 provider, separate trunks connecting Onvoy’s switch
to Windstream’s E911 routers will be established by Onvoy. If Onvoy purchases
facilities for such services from Windstream, they will be provided at full applicable tariff
rates. For all 911/E911 traffic originating from Onvoy, it is the responsibility of Onvoy
and the appropriate state or local public safety answering agency (PSAP) to negotiate the
manner in which 911/E911 traffic from Onvoy will be processed.
4.2.3 Onvoy will not route traffic to Windstream’s local end office switches to act as a tandem
on Onvoy's behalf nor will Windstream route traffic to Onvoy's local end office switches
to act as a tandem on Windstream’s behalf.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 4: Network Interconnection Architecture
Page 34
4.2.4 This Agreement is applicable only to Windstream’s serving areas. Windstream will not
be responsible for interconnections or contracts relating to any of Onvoy’s
interconnection with any other Carrier.
5.0 Network Management
5.1 Protective Protocols
Either Party may use protective network traffic management controls such as 7-digit and 10-digit
code gaps on traffic toward eachothers network, when required to protect the public switched
network from congestion due to facility failures, switch congestion or failure or focused overload.
The Parties will immediately notify each other of any protective control action planned or
executed.
5.2 Expansive Protocols
Where the capability exists, originating or terminating traffic reroutes may be implemented by
either Party to temporarily relieve network congestion due to facility failures or abnormal calling
patterns. Reroutes will not be used to circumvent normal trunk servicing. Expansive controls will
only be used when mutually agreed to by the Parties.
5.3 Mass Calling
The Parties shall cooperate and share pre-planning information, where available, regarding cross-
network call-ins expected to generate large or focused temporary increases in call volumes, to
prevent or mitigate the impact of these events on the public switched network.
6.0 Forecasting/Servicing Responsibilities
6.1 Both Parties agree to provide an initial forecast for establishing the initial interconnection
facilities. Subsequent forecasts will be provided on a semi-annual basis.
6.2 Windstream shall be responsible for forecasting and servicing the trunk groups terminating to
Onvoy. Onvoy shall be responsible for forecasting and servicing the trunk groups terminating to
Windstream End Users. Standard trunk traffic engineering methods will be used as described in
Bell Communications Research, Inc. (Bellcore) document SR-TAP-000191, Trunk Traffic
Engineering Concepts and Applications.
6.3 The Parties shall both be responsible for efficient planning and utilization of the network and
employ all reasonable means of forecasting, monitoring and correcting for inefficient use of the
network. The Parties will conduct facility planning meetings to determine initial and subsequent
utilization standards subsequent to execution of this Agreement but prior to direct interconnection
in accordance with §3.5 of this Appendix preceding.
6.4 Each Party shall provide a specified point of contact for planning, forecasting and trunk servicing
purposes.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 4: Network Interconnection Architecture
Page 35
7.0 Trunk Servicing
7.1 Orders between the Parties to establish, add, change or disconnect trunks shall be processed by use
of an Access Service Request ("ASR") or another industry standard method subsequently adopted
by the Parties to replace the ASR for local trunk ordering.
7.2 The Parties shall jointly manage the capacity of local Interconnection Trunk Groups. Either Party
may send the other Party an ASR to initiate changes to the Local Interconnection Trunk Groups
that the ordering Party desires based on the ordering Party's capacity assessment.
7.3 Orders that comprise a major project (i.e., new switch deployment, multiple office trunk group
installation, or network reconfiguration) shall be submitted in a timely fashion, and their
implementation shall be jointly planned and coordinated.
7.4 Each Party shall be responsible for engineering its networks on its side of the IP.
7.5 Each Party will provide trained personnel with adequate and compatible test equipment to work
with each other's technicians.
7.6 The Parties will coordinate and schedule testing activities of their own personnel, and others as
applicable, to ensure its interconnection trunks/trunk groups are installed per the interconnection
order, meet agreed-upon acceptance test requirements, and are placed in service by the due date.
7.7 Each Party will perform sectionalization to determine if a trouble is located in its facility or its
portion of the interconnection trunks prior to referring the trouble to each other.
7.8 The Parties will advise each other's Control Office if there is an equipment failure, which may
affect the interconnection trunks.
7.9 Provided information is not available through the LERG, each Party will provide to each other
test-line numbers and access to test lines.
7.10 The Parties will cooperatively plan and implement coordinated repair procedures for the local
interconnection trunks to ensure trouble reports are resolved in a timely and appropriate manner.
7.11 A blocking standard of one-half of one percent (.005) during the average busy hour for final trunk
groups between a Onvoy end office and Windstream access tandem carrying meet point traffic
shall be maintained. All other final trunk groups are to be engineered with a blocking standard of
one percent (.01). Windstream will engineer all interconnection trunks between the Parties to a 6
db of digital pad configuration.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 5: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Page 36
ATTACHMENT 5: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 6: Intentionally Left Blank
Page 37
ATTACHMENT 6: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 7: Intentionally Left Blank
Page 38
ATTACHMENT 7: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 8: Intentionally Left Blank
Page 39
ATTACHMENT 8: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 9 : Intentionally Left Blank
Page 40
ATTACHMENT 9: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 10: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Page 41
ATTACHMENT 10: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 11: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Page 42
ATTACHMENT 11: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 12: Compensation
Page 43
ATTACHMENT 12: COMPENSATION
1.0 Introduction
1.1 For purposes of compensation under this Agreement, the traffic exchanged between the Parties will
be classified as one of three types: Local Traffic, IntraLATA Interexchange Traffic, or InterLATA
Interexchange Traffic. The Parties agree that, notwithstanding the classification of traffic by
Onvoy with respect to its End Users, the classification of traffic provided in this Agreement shall
control with respect to compensation between the Parties under the terms of this Agreement. The
provisions of this Attachment shall not apply to services provisioned by Windstream to Onvoy as
local Resale Services.
1.2 Calls originated by Onvoy and terminated to Windstream (or vice versa) will be classified as
"Local Traffic" under this Agreement if: (i) the call originates and terminates in the same
Windstream Exchange; or (ii) originates and terminates within different Windstream Exchanges
that share a common mandatory local calling area, e.g., mandatory Extended Area Service (EAS),
mandatory Extended Local Calling Service (ELCS), or other like types of mandatory expanded
local calling scopes as specified or defined by Windstream tariffs.
1.3 Traffic, other than Local Traffic, shall be terminated to a Party subject to that Party’s tariffed or
filed and/or approved Price list for access charges.
1.4 The Parties agree that all traffic, other than Local Traffic, that is terminated on the public switched
network, regardless of the technology used to originate or transport such traffic, including but not
limited to Voice Over Internet Protocol (VoIP), will be assessed either interstate or intrastate
(depending on the end points of the call) terminating charges at the rates provided in the
terminating Party’s access tariff or filed and/or approved Price lists.
1.5 By entering into this Agreement, both Parties expressly reserve the right to advocate their
respective positions before state and/or federal regulatory bodies, whether in complaint dockets,
arbitration under Section 252 of the Act, rulemaking dockets, or in any legal challenges stemming
from such proceedings with regard to the treatment of Voice Over Internet Protocol (VoIP) traffic
for intercarrier compensation purposes.
1.6 The Parties agree that until the FCC enters a final, binding, and non-appealable order (“Final
Order”) determining the appropriate compensation mechanism for VoIP traffic, the Parties shall
exchange traffic and compensate each other in accordance with Section 1.4 of this Attachment. At
such time as a Final Order becomes applicable, the Parties agree to amend this Agreement to
conform with the findings of the Final Order.
2.0 Responsibilities of the Parties
2.1 Each Party will be responsible for the accuracy and quality of the data it submits to the other Party.
2.2 Each Party will provide the other Party the originating Calling Party Number (CPN) with respect
to each call terminated on the other Party’s network to enable each Party to issue bills in a
complete and timely fashion. All CCS signaling parameters will be provided including CPN.
2.3 Neither Party shall strip, modify or alter any of the data signaling or billing information provided
to the other Party. In the event a Party strips, modifies or alters any of the data signaled or strips,
modifies or alters any of the billing information provided to the other Party, such event will be a
material breach of this Agreement.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 12: Compensation
Page 44
2.4 Each Party shall identify and make available to the other Party, at no additional charge, a contact
person for the handling of any billing questions or problems that may arise during the
implementation and performance of this Attachment.
2.5 All calls exchanged without CPN will be billed as IntraLATA Interexchange Traffic, if the failure
to transmit CPN is not caused by technical malfunctions. In the event that technical malfunctions
result in lack of transmission of CPN, the Parties will cooperate in attempting to resolve such
technical malfunctions and the Parties will develop and utilize mutually agreeable surrogate
methods for determining compensation that shall be utilized until the technical malfunctions are
resolved.
3.0 Reciprocal Compensation for Termination of Local Traffic
3.1 Each Party will be compensated for the exchange of Local Traffic, as defined in §1.2 of this
Attachment, in accordance with the provisions of §3.0 of this Attachment.
3.2 The Parties agree to reciprocally exchange Local Traffic between their networks. Each Party shall
bill its end-users for such traffic and will be entitled to retain all revenues from such traffic without
payment of further compensation to the other Party.
3.3 Upon data submitted by one of the Parties, and agreed to by the other Party, supporting the level of
traffic exchanged between the Parties is out of balance using a ratio of 60%/40% for three (3)
consecutive months (one Party originates 60% or more of the traffic exchanged), the parties agree
to the reciprocal compensation minute of use rates pursuant to Appendix B.
3.4 Any traffic utilizing the Public Switched Telephone Network, regardless of transport protocol
method, where the originating and terminating points (end-to-end points), are in different local
calling areas as defined by the terminating Party and delivered to the terminating Party using
switched access services shall be considered Switched Access Traffic. The traffic described herein
shall not be considered Local Traffic. Irrespective of origination or transport protocol method
used, a call that originates in one local calling area and terminates in another local calling area (i.e.
the end-to-end points of the call) shall not be compensated as Local Traffic. However, all Traffic
that originates and terminates in the same local calling area shall be classified as Local Traffic.
4.0 Compensation for Transit Traffic
4.1 Transit traffic is Local Traffic exchanged between the Parties that originates or terminates on the
network of another telecommunication service provider (the “Non-Party Provider”), where one of
the Parties or the Non-Party Provider performs a local tandem function to complete the traffic
between the others. When the transit function is performed by one of the Party’s the following
shall be applicable:
4.1.1 Prior to either Party providing transit traffic services to the other, the Party requesting
transit service must provide notice to the other Party.
4.1.2 Each Party represents that it will not send Local Traffic to the other Party that is destined
for the network of a Non-Party Provider.
4.1.3 The Party originating traffic will compensate the other Party a Local Transit Traffic rate
element of $.003per Minute Of Usage (MOU).
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 12: Compensation
Page 45
4.2 All traffic, other than Local Traffic, that transits a tandem will be classified and treated as Meet-
Point Billing Traffic, unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Parties.
5.0 Compensation for Termination of IntraLATA and Interstate Interexchange Traffic
5.1 Compensation for termination of intrastate Interexchange service traffic will be at the terminating
access rates for Message Telephone Service (MTS) and originating access rates for 800 Service,
including the Carrier Common Line (CCL) charge and the query charge, as set forth in the relevant
Party's intrastate access service tariff or price list. Compensation for termination of interstate
Interexchange traffic will be at the terminating access rates for MTS and originating access rates
for 800 Service including the CCL and query charge, as set forth in the relevant Party's interstate
access service tariff.
5.2 In the event that Onvoy does not have a commission filed and/or approved price list posted on its
web site or a filed Intrastate Interexchange tariff for access service, Onvoy agrees to utilize rates
that do not exceed Windstream’s tariffed access rates. In the event that Windstream does not have
a commission filed and/or approved price list posted on its web site or a filed Intrastate
Interexchange tariff for access service, Windstream agrees to utilize rates that do not exceed
Onvoy’s tariffed access rates.
6.0 Compensation for Origination and Termination of Switched Access Service Traffic to or from an
IXC (Meet-Point Billing (MPB) Arrangements)
6.1 Compensation for termination of interstate or Intrastate interexchange traffic will be at access rates
as set forth in the relevant Party's applicable interstate access tariffs.
6.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
6.3 The Parties will each establish their respective MPB arrangements applicable to its provision of
switched access services to Interexchange Carriers via its access tandem switch and such
arrangements will be in accordance with the MPB guidelines adopted by and contained in the
Ordering and Billing Forum's MECOD and MECAB documents.
6.4 Each Party will maintain provisions in its federal and state access tariffs, or provisions within the
National Exchange Carrier Association (NECA) Tariff No. 4, or any successor tariff, sufficient to
reflect the MPB arrangements, including MPB percentages, developed in accordance with this
Agreement.
6.5 As detailed in the MECAB document, the Parties will exchange all information necessary to
accurately, reliably and promptly bill third parties for Switched Access Services jointly handled by
the Parties via the MPB arrangement. The Parties will exchange the information in Exchange
Message Interface (EMI) format, on magnetic tape or via a mutually acceptable electronic file
transfer protocol. The initial billing company (IBC) will provide the information to the subsequent
billing company within fifteen (15) days of the IBC bill date.
6.6 If MPB data is not submitted to the other within fifteen (15) days of the IBC bill date or is not in
the standard EMI format, and if as a result the other Party is delayed in billing the IXC for the
appropriate charges it incurs, the delaying Party shall pay the other Party a late MPB data delivery
charge which will be the total amount of the delayed charges times the highest interest rate (in
decimal value) which may be levied by law for commercial transactions, compounded daily for the
number of days from the date the MPB charges should have been received, to and including the
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 12: Compensation
Page 46
date the MPB charge information is actually received. When the receiving Party has requested a
delay in transmission of the records, a MPB data delivery charge will not be assessed.
6.7 Intentionally Left Blank
6.8 Billing to Interexchange carriers for the switched access services jointly provided by the Parties
via the MPB arrangement will be according to the multiple bill multiple tariff method. As
described in the MECAB document, each Party will render a bill in accordance with its tariff for
its portion of the service. Each Party will bill its own network access service rates to the IXC. The
Party that provides the end office switching will be entitled to bill any residual interconnection
charges (“RIC”) and common carrier line (“CCL”) charges associated with the traffic. In those
MPB situations where one Party sub-tends the other Party’s access tandem, only the Party
providing the access tandem is entitled to bill the access tandem fee and any associated local
transport charges. The Party that provides the end office switching is entitled to bill end office
switching fees, local transport charges, RIC and CCL charges, as applicable.
6.9 MPB will also apply to all jointly provided traffic bearing the 900, 800 and 888 NPAs or any other
non-geographical NPAs which may likewise be designated for such traffic where the responsible
party is an IXC.
6.10 Each Party will provide the other a single point of contact to handle any MPB questions.
7.0 Billing Arrangements for Compensation for Termination of IntraLATA, Local Traffic
7.1 With respect to those Exchanges where Onvoy intends to provide Local Exchange Service, Onvoy
will, at a minimum, obtain a separate NXX code for each Exchange or group of Exchanges that
share a common Mandatory Local Calling Scope. At such time as both Parties have implemented
billing and routing capabilities to determine traffic jurisdiction on a basis other than NXX codes
separate NXX codes as specified in this paragraph will not be required. At such time as Onvoy
requests Windstream to establish interconnection to enable Onvoy to provide Exchange Services,
the Parties will determine the number of NXXs necessary to identify the jurisdictional nature of
traffic for intercompany compensation. At such time as Onvoy requests additional points of
interconnection, the Parties will appropriately define the number of NXXs necessary for the new
interconnection points.
8.0 Alternate Billed Traffic
8.1 All call types routed between the networks must be accounted for, and revenues settled among the
Parties. Certain types of calls will require exchange of billing records between the Parties
including IntraLATA alternate billed calls (e.g. calling card, bill-to-third party, and collect records
and LEC/CTU provided Toll Free Service records). The Parties will utilize, where possible
existing accounting and settlement systems to bill, exchange records and settle revenue.
8.1.1 The exchange of billing records for alternate billed calls (e.g., calling card, bill-to-third,
and collect) will be through the existing CMDS processes, unless otherwise agreed to by
the Parties in writing.
8.1.2 Inter-Company Settlements ("ICS") revenues will be settled through the Calling Card and
Third Number Settlement System (“CATS”). Each Party will make its own arrangements
with respect to participation in the CATS processes, through direct participation or a
hosting arrangement with a direct participant.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 12: Compensation
Page 47
8.1.3 Non-ICS revenue is defined as revenues associated with collect calls, calling card calls,
and billed to third number calls which originate, terminate and are billed within the same
Bellcore Client Company Territory. The Parties will negotiate and execute an Agreement
for settlement of non-ICS revenue if the Parties mutually agree that the amounts are
sufficient to enter into settlement negotiations. This separate arrangement is necessary
since existing CATS processes do not permit the use of CATS for non-ICS revenue. The
Parties agree that the CMDS system can be used to transport the call records for this
traffic.
8.1.4 Each Party will provide the appropriate call records to the other for toll free IntraLATA
Interexchange Traffic, thus permitting each Party to bill its subscribers for the inbound
Toll Free Service. Each Party may charge its tariffed rate or a rate of $.03 per record for
such record provision. No adjustments to data contained in tapes, disks or Network Data
Mover will be made by a Party without the mutual Agreement of the Parties.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 12: Compensation
Page 48
ATTACHMENT 13: NUMBERING
1.0 Numbering
1.1 Nothing in this Section will be construed to limit or otherwise adversely impact in any manner
either Party’s right to employ or to request and be assigned any NANP numbers including, but not
limited to, central office (NXX) codes pursuant to the Central Office Code Assignment Guidelines,
or to establish, by tariff or otherwise, Exchanges and Rating Points corresponding to such NXX
codes. Each Party is responsible for administering the NXX codes assigned to it.
1.2 Each Party agrees to make available to the other, up-to-date listings of its own assigned NPA-NXX
codes, along with associated Rating Points and Exchanges.
1.3 It will be the responsibility of each Party to program and update its own switches and network
systems to recognize and route traffic to the other Party’s assigned NXX codes at all times.
Neither Party will impose fees or charges on the other Party for such required programming and
updating activities.
1.4 It will be the responsibility of each Party to input required data into the Routing Data Base
Systems (RDBS) and into the Bellcore Rating Administrative Data Systems (BRADS) or other
appropriate system(s) necessary to update the Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG).
1.5 Neither Party is responsible for notifying the other Parties’ End Users of any changes in dialing
arrangements, including those due to NPA exhaust, unless otherwise ordered by the Commission,
the FCC, or a court.
2.0 NXX Migration
2.1 Where a Party (first Party) has activated, dedicated or reserved an entire NXX for a single End
User, if such End User chooses to receive service from the other Party (second Party), the first
Party shall cooperate with the second Party to have the entire NXX reassigned in the LERG (and
associated industry databases, routing tables, etc.) to an end office operated by the second Party.
Such transfer will require development of a transition process to minimize impact on the network
and on the End User(s) service and will be subject to appropriate industry lead-times (currently 45
days) for movements of NXXs from one switch to another.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 14: Number Portability
Page 49
ATTACHMENT 14: NUMBER PORTABILITY
1.0 Service Provider Number Portability (SPNP)
1.1 The FCC First Report and Order in CC Docket 95-116 requires “ . . .all LECs to implement a long
term service provider portability solution that meets our performance criteria in the 100 large
Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSA) no later than October 1, 1997, and to complete deployment
in those MSAs by December 31, 1998.” While the FCC declined “ to choose a particular
technology for providing number portability”, they did establish performance criteria for
permanent number portability and aligned expectations with the statutory definition of the
Telecommunication Act of 1996 ordering Service Provider Number Portability (SPNP). In a
follow-up First Memorandum Opinion and Order on Reconsideration, the commission determined
that the technology that meets the performance criteria is Location Routing Number (LRN). LRN
is being used by the telecommunications industry to provide SPNP.
2.0 Terms, Conditions Under Which Windstream Will Provide SPNP
2.1 Windstream will not offer SPNP services for NXX codes 555, 976, 950.
2.2 Prior to commencement of any service porting or LRN query service, the Parties must have an
approved interconnection Agreement along with a conforming, functional direct network
interconnection, pursuant to Attachment 4: Network Interconnection Architecture, between and
among involved switches and exchanges.
2.3 Windstream will only provide SPNP services and facilities where technically feasible, subject to
the availability of facilities, and only from properly equipped central offices. SPNP applies only
when a Customer with an active account wishes to change local Carriers while retaining the
telephone number or numbers associated with the account.
2.4 An SPNP telephone number may be assigned by Onvoy only to Onvoy’s Customers located within
Windstream’s rate center, which is associated with the NXX of the ported number.
2.5 If it has not already otherwise deployed SPNP to support SPNP, Windstream will deploy SPNP at
a location within six (6) months after receipt of a Bona Fide Request from Onvoy as provided in
§6.0, and subject to approval of this Agreement by the Commission and completion of the network
preparation specified herein.
2.6 A service order processing charge (Service Order Charge), listed in Appendix B, will be applied to
each service order issued by Onvoy to Windstream to process a request for SPNP.
2.7 A service order processing charge (Service Order Charge), listed in Appendix B, will be applied to
each service order issued by Windstream to Onvoy to process a request for SPNP.
2.8 If either Party requests a coordinated cutover the charges contained in Appendix B will be applied
to the Party making the request.
2.9 If one Party requests a conversion of an End User and subsequently cancels such order, the
ordering Party will notify the other Partyof the cancellation by 2:00 P.M. Central Time on the day
prior to the due date requested on the LSR. If the ordering Partynotifies the other Partyof a
cancellation after 2:00 P.M. Central Time on the day prior to the due date requested on the LSR
(“Late Notice”), the ordering Party will pay the applicable time and material charge contained in
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 14: Number Portability
Page 50
Exhibit A Price List. In the event of a Late Notice, neither Party guarantees that service disruption
will not occur to the End User.
2.10 If the ordering Party cancels or makes a change to an LSR due date, the original LSR will be
cancelled, the ordering Party will issue a new LSR and the ordering Party shall be charged an
additional Service Order charge, listed in Appendix B, for each LSR submitted under this
Attachment.
3.0 Obligations of Onvoy
3.1 Each Party must offer proof of its certification with applicable regional Number Portability
Administration Center (NPAC) prior to requesting SPNP from the other Party.
3.2 Each Party must advise the NPAC of telephone numbers that it imports and the associated data
identified in industry forums as is required for SPNP.
3.3 After the initial deployment of SPNP in an MSA, if it is not otherwise enabled and Onvoy wants a
Windstream switch to become LRN capable, Onvoy must submit a Bona Fide request as provided
in §6.0. Windstream will make requested switch LRN capable within the time frame required by
the FCC.
3.4 Onvoy will conform to NANC guidelines and LERG administration rules in requesting
Windstream to open an NPA-NXX for portability in an LRN capable switch.
3.5 Onvoy is responsible to coordinate with the local E911 and Public Services Answering Point
(PSAP) coordinators to insure a seamless transfer of End User emergency services.
3.6 Onvoy is required to conform to industry standard Local Service Request (LSR) format and
guidelines in ordering and administration of individual service/number ports.
4.0 Obligations of Both Parties
4.1 When a ported telephone number becomes vacant, e.g., the telephone number is no longer in
service by the original End User; the ported telephone number will be released back to the Local
Service Provider owning the switch in which the telephone number’s NXX is native.
4.2 Either Party may block default routed calls from entering the public switched network when
necessary to prevent network overload, congestion, or failure.
4.3 The Parties will conform to industry guidelines referenced herein in preparing their networks for
SPNP and in porting numbers from one network to another.
4.4 The Parties will perform all standard SPNP certification and intra-company testing prior to
scheduling intercompany testing between the Parties’ interconnected networks.
4.5 Each Party will designate a single point of contact (SPOC) to schedule and perform required test.
These tests will be performed during a mutually agreed time frame and must conform to industry
portability testing and implementation criteria in force in the NPAC region.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 14: Number Portability
Page 51
5.0 Limitations of Service
5.1 Telephone numbers will be ported only within Windstream rate centers as approved by the State
Commission.
5.3. Telephone numbers associated with Windstream Official Communications Services (OCS) NXXs
will not be ported.
5.4 Telephone numbers in NXXs dedicated to choke networks will not be ported.
6.0 Service Provider Number Portability (SPNP) Bona Fide Request (BFR) Process
6.1 The Service Provider Number Portability (SPNP) Bona Fide Request (BFR) Process is the process
for Onvoy to request that SPNP be deployed in Windstream exchanges that are not then capable of
LRN query service.
6.2 Onvoy may request that SPNP be deployed by Windstream in is switches located in the MSAs.
Windstream will enable SPNP in the requested switches within six (6) months of receipt of BFR,
based on the beginning dates for each MSA and subject to State Commission approval of an
interconnection Agreement with respect to the location of the requested switch.
6.3 A BFR with respect to opening a Windstream switch for SPNP must be made in the form of a letter
from Onvoy to:
Windstream
Attn: Interconnection Services
Rodney Parham Road
1170 B3F03-84A
Little Rock, AR 72212
6.4 The BFR must specify the following:
6.4.1 The MSA in which requested switch(es) are located.
6.4.2 Windstream switch(es), by CLLI codes, which are being requested to become SPNP
capable.
6.4.3 Specific, resident NXX codes requested to open in each Windstream switch on the BFR.
6.4.4 The date when SPNP capability is requested for each Windstream switch on the BFR;
however, the requested date must fall within the governing FCC schedules and interval
guidelines. .
6.4.5 CLLI and NXXs of Onvoy switches serving the exchanges associated with the relevant
Windstream switches.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 15: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Page 52
ATTACHMENT 15: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 16: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Page 53
ATTACHMENT 16: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 17: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Page 54
ATTACHMENT 17: INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 18: Performance Measures
Page 55
ATTACHMENT 18: PERFORMANCE MEASURES
1.0 General
1.1 Windstream will use its best efforts to satisfy all service standards, intervals, measurements,
specifications, performance requirements, technical requirements, and performance standards that
are specified in this Agreement or are required by law or regulation. In addition, Windstream’s
performance under this Agreement shall be provided to Onvoy at parity with the performance
Windstream provides itself for like service(s).
1.2 Windstream shall make a good faith attempt to complete a limited root-cause analysis process
within thirty (30) days of request date by Onvoy to provide a reasonable opportunity to explain
missed performance.
1.3 Windstream will notice Onvoy of all process changes related to this Agreement.
2.0 Interconnection
2.1 Trunk Provisioning Intervals
2.1.1 Access Service Request (ASR)
Positive acknowledgment of receipt of a non-valid ASR will be made within two business
days, provided the ASR is received before 3PM Eastern Standard Time (1PM Mountain
Standard Time.) The start time for determining the FOC interval will commence with
receipt of a valid ASR. A non-valid ASR will not start the FOC interval.
2.1.2 Firm Order Confirmation (FOC)
An FOC confirming the due date will be sent within 2 business days (16 business hours)
after receipt of a valid ASR subject to facility availability. Subject to availability of
facilities service will be implemented (trunks in service) within 20 business days of
receipt of a valid ASR.
2.1.3 Performance Expectation
Provided the conditions are met under 2.1.1 and 2.1.2 proceeding, Windstream’s
performance expectation is to provide 100% due dates met within reporting month. If
service levels fall below 95% of the performance expectation within a reporting month,
root cause analysis and joint problem resolution will be implemented within thirty (30)
days.
2.2 Trunking Grade of Service
2.2.1 Exchange Access (IXC Toll Traffic)
For exchange access traffic routed via an access tandem blocking on each leg will be held
to .005 (1/2% blockage).
2.2.2 All Other
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 18: Performance Measures
Page 56
All other final routed traffic will be held to .01 (1% blockage).
2.2.3 Performance Expectation
Provided the conditions are met under 2.2.1 and 2.2.2 preceding, Windstream’s
performance expectation is to provide traffic flow 100% of the time. If service levels fall
below the performance expectation within a reporting month, root cause analysis and joint
problem resolution will be implemented within thirty (30) days.
2.3 Trunk Service Restoration
2.3.1 Service Affecting
Service affecting trunk service trouble will be responded to at parity with the performance
Windstream provides itself for like service(s). Service affecting trouble is defined as a
condition or event affecting 20% or more of the total trunk group and overflows are
experienced.
2.3.2 Non-Service Affecting
Non-service affecting trouble will be responded to at parity with the performance
Windstream provides itself for like service(s).
2.3.3 Performance Expectation
Zero loss of service due to downtime. If service levels fall below the Performance
Expectation within a reporting month, root cause analysis and joint problem resolution
will be implemented within thirty (30) days. Specific time-frames will be listed relative to
performance.
3.0 Maintenance Intervals
3.1. Service Affecting
Service affecting maintenance trouble will be responded to at parity with the performance
Windstream provides itself for like service(s).
3.2 Non-Service Affecting
Non-service affecting trouble will be responded to at parity with the performance Windstream
provides itself for like service(s).
.
3.3 Performance Expectation
Zero loss of service due to downtime. If service levels fall below the Performance Expectation
within a reporting month, root cause analysis and joint problem resolution will be implemented
within thirty (30) days. Specific time-frames will be listed relative to performance.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 18: Performance Measures
Page 57
4.0 Local Service Provisioning Intervals
4.1 Local Service Request (LSR)
Positive acknowledgement of receipt of a non-valid LSR will be made within two business days,
provided the LSR is received before 3PM Eastern Standard Time (1PM Mountain Standard Time).
The start time for determining the Local Service Request Confirmation (LSCN) interval will
commence with receipt of a valid LSR. A non-valid LSR will not start the LSCN interval.
4.2 Local Service Request Confirmation (LSCN)
An LSCN confirming the due date will be sent within 2 business days (16 business hours) after
receipt of a valid LSR subject to facility availability.
4.3 Performance Expectation
Provided the conditions are met under 4.1.1 and 4.1.2 proceeding, Windstream’s performance
expectation is to provide 100% due dates within the reporting month. If service levels fall below
95% of the performance expectation within a reporting month, root cause analysis and joint
problem resolution will be implemented within thirty (30) days.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 19: Bona Fide Request (BFR) Process
Page 58
ATTACHMENT 19: BONA FIDE REQUEST (BFR) PROCESS
1.1 A Bona Fide Request (BFR) must be used when Onvoy requests a change to any Services and/or Elements
provided hereunder, including features, capabilities, or functionality.
1.2 A BFR shall be submitted in writing by Onvoy and shall specifically identify the required service date,
technical requirements, space requirements and/or such specifications that clearly define the request such
that Windstream has sufficient information to analyze and prepare a response. Such a request also shall
include Onvoy’s designation of the request as being (i) pursuant to the Telecommunications Act of 1996 or
(ii) pursuant to the needs of the business.
1.3 Although not expected to do so, Onvoy may cancel, without penalty, a BFR in writing at any time.
Windstream will then cease analysis of the request.
1.4 Within two (2) business days of its receipt, Windstream shall acknowledge in writing, the receipt of the
BFR and identify a single point of contact and any additional information needed to process the request.
1.5 Except under extraordinary circumstances, within twenty (20) days of its receipt of a BFR, Windstream
shall provide to Onvoy a preliminary analysis of the BFR. The preliminary analysis will include
Windstream’s proposed price (plus or minus 25 percent) and state whether Windstream can meet Onvoy’s
requirements, the requested availability date, or, if Windstream cannot meet such date, provide an
alternative proposed date together with a detailed explanation as to why Windstream is not able to meet
Onvoy’s requested availability date. Windstream also shall indicate in this analysis its Agreement or
disAgreement with Onvoy’s designation of the request as being pursuant to the Act or pursuant to the needs
of the business. If Windstream does not agree with Onvoy’s designation, it may utilize the Dispute
Resolution Process described in the General Terms and Conditions §9.0. In no event, however, shall any
such dispute delay Windstream’s process of the request. If Windstream determines that it is not able to
provide Onvoy with a preliminary analysis within twenty (20) days of Windstream’s receipt of a Bona Fide
Need request, Windstream will inform Onvoy as soon as practicable. The Parties will then determine a
mutually agreeable date for receipt of the preliminary analysis.
1.6 As soon as possible, but in no event more than forty-five (45) days after receipt of the request, Windstream
shall provide Onvoy with a BFR quote which will include, at a minimum, the firm availability date, the
applicable rates and the installation intervals, and a price quote.
1.7 Unless Onvoy agrees otherwise, all proposed prices shall be the pricing principles of this Agreement, in
accordance with the Act, and any applicable FCC and Commission rules and regulations. Payments for
services purchased under a BFR will be made as specified in this Agreement, unless otherwise agreed to by
Onvoy.
1.8 Within thirty (30) days after receiving the firm BFR quote from Windstream, Onvoy will notify Windstream
in writing of its acceptance or rejection of Windstream’s proposal. If at any time an agreement cannot be
reached as to the terms and conditions or price of the request, or if Windstream responds that it cannot or
will not offer the requested item in the BFR and Onvoy deems the item essential to its business operations,
and deems Windstream’s position to be inconsistent with the Act, FCC, or Commission regulations and/or
the requirements of this Agreement, the Dispute Resolution Process set for in the General Terms and
Conditions, §9.0 of the Agreement may be used by either Party to reach a resolution.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 20: Definitions
Page 59
ATTACHMENT 20: DEFINITIONS
Definitions of the terms used in this Agreement are listed below. The Parties agree that certain terms may be defined
elsewhere in this Agreement, as well as terms not defined shall be construed in accordance with their customary
meaning in the telecommunications industry as of the Effective Date of this Agreement.
“Access Service Request” or “ASR” means the industry standard forms and supporting documentation used for
ordering Access Services. The ASR may be used to order trunking and facilities between Windstream and Onvoy
for local interconnection.
“Act” means the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. §151 et seq.), as amended by the Telecommunications
Act of 1996, as may be subsequently amended or, as from time to time interpreted in the duly authorized rules and
regulations of the FCC or the Commission having authority to interpret the Act within its state of jurisdiction.
“Ancillary Services” are services which support, but, are not required for interconnection of telecommunications
networks between two or more parties, e.g., 911 (if applicable) and Directory Services.
"Calling Party Number" or "CPN" is a feature of Signaling System 7 ("SS7") protocol whereby the 10-digit
number of the calling party is forwarded from the end office.
“CLASS (Custom Local Area Signaling Service) and Custom Features” means a grouping of optional
enhancements to basic local exchange service that offers special call handling features to residential and single-line
business Customers (e.g., call waiting, call forwarding and automatic redial).
"Commission" or "PUC" or "PSC" means the Nebraska Public Service Commission.
"Common Channel Signaling" or "CCS" means a special network, fully separate from the transmission path of
the public switched network that digitally transmits call setup and network control data.
“Confidential Information” has the meaning set forth in §6.0 of the General Terms and Conditions.
“Contract Year” means a twelve (12) month period during the term of the contract commencing on the Effective
Date and each anniversary thereof.
"Customer" means, whether or not capitalized, any business, residential or governmental Customer of services
covered by the Agreement, and includes the term "End User". More specific meanings of either of such terms are
dependent upon the context in which they appear in the Agreement and the provisions of the Act.
“Customer Proprietary Network Information” or “CPNI” means information that relates to the quantity,
technical configuration, type, destination, and amount of a Telecommunications Service subscribed to by any
Customer of a Telecommunications Carrier, and that is made available to the carrier by the Customer solely by virtue
of the carrier Customer relationship; and information contained in the bills pertaining to telephone exchange service
or telephone toll service received by a Customer of a carrier.
“Discloser” means that Party to this Agreement which has disclosed Confidential Information to the other Party.
“E911 Service” is a method of routing 911 calls to a PSAP that uses Customer location data in the ALI/DMS to
determine the PSAP to which a call should be routed.
“Effective Date” is the date indicated in the Preface on which the Agreement shall become effective.
"End Office" means a local switching point where a Customer station loops are terminated for purposes of
interconnection to each other and to the network.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 20: Definitions
Page 60
"End User" means, whether or not capitalized, any business, residential or governmental Customer of services
covered by the Agreement and includes the term "Customer". More specific meanings of either of such terms are
dependent upon the context in which they appear in the Agreement and the provisions of the Act.
“Exchange” is the geographic territory delineated as an exchange area by official commission boundary maps.
"Exchange Access" is defined in the Act.
“Exchange Services” are two-way switched voice-grade telecommunications services with access to the public
switched network with originate and terminate within an exchange.
"FCC" means the Federal Communications Commission.
“ICB” means individual case basis.
"Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier” or “ILEC” has the meaning given the term in the Act.
"Interconnection" has the meaning given the term in the Act and refers to the connection of separate pieces of
equipment, facilities, or platforms between or within networks for the purpose of transmission and routing of
Telephone Exchange Service traffic and Exchange Access traffic.
“Interconnection Agreement” means the Agreement between the Parties entitled “Interconnection Agreement
Under §§251 and 252 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996,” dated July 16, 1996.
"Interexchange Carrier" or "IXC" means a telecommunications provider that provides long distance
communications services between LATAs or within a LATA and authorized by the Commission to provide long
distance communications services.
"InterLATA" has the meaning given the term in the Act.
"IntraLATA Traffic" means all IntraLATA calls provided by a LEC other than traffic completed in the LECs local
exchange boundary.
“Interconnection Point” or “IP” is the point of demarcation at a technically feasible point within Windstream’s
interconnected network within the LATA, as specified in Attachment 4 Section 2.1.1, where the networks of
Windstream and Onvoy interconnect for the exchange of traffic.
"Local Access and Transport Area" or "LATA” has the meaning given to the term in the Act.
"Local Exchange Carrier" or "LEC" means the incumbent carrier that provides facility-based Exchange Services,
which has universal-service and carrier-of-last-resort obligations.
"Local Service Provider” or “Onvoy” means a non-incumbent carrier licensed by the Commission with the
appropriate certification (e.g., a Certificate of Authorization or Service Provider Certificate of Authorization) and
authority necessary to provide Exchange Services.
“Local Service Request” or “LSR” means an industry standard form used by the Parties to add, establish, change
or disconnect services provided under this Agreement.
“911 Service” means a universal telephone number, which gives the public direct access to the PSAP. Basic 911
service collects 911 calls from one or more local exchange switches that serve a geographic area. The calls are then
sent to the correct authority designated to receive such calls.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 20: Definitions
Page 61
“Operating Company Number” or “OCN” means nationally recognized company codes set forth in Bellcore’s
LERG that will be used as the official identification code for each company that provides local exchange telephone
service.
"Parties,” means Windstream and Onvoy collectively.
"Party" means either Windstream or Onvoy as applicable.
“P.01 Transmission Grade of Service” means a trunk facility provisioning standard with the statistical probability
of no more than one call in 100 blocked on initial attempt during the average busy hour.
“Percent Local Usage” or “PLU” is a calculation which represents the ratio of the local minutes to the sum of local
IntraLATA minutes between exchange carriers sent over Local Interconnection Trunks. Directory assistance,
BLV/BLVI, 900, 976, transiting calls from other exchange carriers and switched access calls are not included in the
calculation of the PLU.
“Public Safety Answering Point” or “PSAP” is the public safety communications center where 911 calls placed by
the public for a specific geographic area will be answered.
“Recipient” means the Party to this Agreement, which has received Confidential Information from the other Party.
“Service Provider Number Portability/Number Portability” or “SPNP” means the ability of users of
telecommunications services to retain, at the same location, existing telecommunications numbers without the
impairment of quality, reliability, or convenience when switching from one telecommunications carrier to another.
"Signaling System 7" or “SS7" means a signaling protocol used by the CCS network.
“Telephone Exchange Service” means wireline exchange connections amongst LEC End Users.
"Telecommunications" has the meanings given in the Act.
"Termination" means the switching of Local Traffic at the terminating carrier's end office switch, or equivalent
facility, and delivery of such traffic to the called Party.
"Territory" means the incumbent local exchange areas within the states identified in Appendix A
“Undefined Terms” The Parties acknowledge that terms may appear in the Agreement that are not defined and
agree that any such terms shall be construed in accordance with their end-user usage in the telecommunications
industry as of the Effective Date of this Agreement.
“Windstream” has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
“Work Locations” means any real estate that Windstream owns, leases or licenses or in which it holds easements or
other rights to use, or does use, in connection with this Agreement.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 21: Acronyms
Page 62
ATTACHMENT 21: ACRONYMS
AMA Automated Message Accounting
ASR Access Service Request
BAN Billing Account Number
BFR Bona Fide Request
BRADS Bellcore Rating Administrative Data Systems
CAP Competitive Access Provider
CATS Calling Card and Third Number Settlement System
CCL Carrier Common Line
CCS Common Channel Signaling
CLASS Custom Local Area Signaling Service
Onvoy Onvoy
CMDS Centralized Message Distribution System
CPN Calling Party Number
CPNI Customer Propriety Network Information
EAS Extended Area Service
ELCS Extended Local Calling Service
EMI Exchange Message Interface
EUCL End User Common Line
FCC Federal Communications Commission
FOC Firm Order Commitment
ILEC Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier
IP Interconnection Point
ISDN Integrated Digital Services Network
ISDNUP Integrated Digital Services Network User Part
IXC Interexchange Carrier
LATA Local Access and Transport Area
LEC Local Exchange Carrier
LERG Local Exchange Routing Guide
LOA Letter of Authority
LRN Local Routing Number
LSCN Local Service Request Confirmation
LSP Local Service Provider
LSR Local Service Request
MSA Metropolitan Statistical Area
MTP Message Transfer Part
MTS Message Telephone Service
NEBS Network Equipment Building System
NECA National Exchange Carrier Association
NIIF Network Interoperability Interface Forum
NPA Numbering Plan Area
NPAC Number Portability Administration Center
OCN Operating Company Number
OLI Originating Line Information
PIC Primary Interexchange Carrier
PLU Percent Local Usage
PON Purchase Order Number
PSC Public Service Commission
PUC Public Utilities Commission
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Attachment 21: Acronyms
Page 63
RDBS Routing Data Base Systems
SLC Subscriber Line Charge
SONET Synchronous Optical Network
SPNP Service Provider Number Portability
SS7 Signaling System 7
STP Signaling Transfer Point
TCAP Transaction Capabilities Application Part
Windstream Windstream
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Appendix A: Billing Dispute Form
Page 64
APPENDIX A – Billing Dispute Form
Billing Company Contact Information Section:
1. Billing Company Name: 2. Billing Contact Name:
3. Billing Contact Address: 4. Billing Contact Phone:
5. Billing Contact Fax #:
6. Billing Contact Email:
Disputing Company Contact Information Section:
7. Disputing Company Name: 8. Disputing Contact Name:
9. Disputing Contact Address: 10. Disputing Contact Phone:
11. Disputing Contact Fax #:
12. Disputing Contact Email:
General Dispute Section:
13. Date of Claim:
14. Status:
15. Claim/Audit Number:
(yyyy-mm-dd):
16. Service Type:
17. ACNA: 18. OCN: 19. CIC: 2 0 . B A N : 2 1 . In voice Number(s):
22. Bill Date: 24. Dispute Reason 25. Dispute Desc:
23. Billed Amount: $_________ Code:
26. Disputed Amount: $ 29. Dispute Bill Date From:
27. Disputed Amount Withheld: $
28. Disputed Amount Paid: $ Dispute Bill Date Thru:
Dispute Information Section:
30. Rate Element/USOC: 31. Rate: Billed Correct
Factor Information: 36: Jurisdiction
32. PIU: Billed Correct
Non 37. Mileage: Billed Correct
Jurisdictional 38. Contract Name/#:
33. PLU: Billed Correct Inter/Interstate 39. Business/Residence Indicator:
34. BIP: Billed Correct Intra/Interstate 40: State:
35. Other Factors: Intra/Intrastate 41: LATA:
Inter/Intrastate
Billed Correct Local
Facilities/Dedicated Circuit Dispute Information Section:
42. PON:
48. TN/All:
43 SON:
49. Point Code:
44. EC Circuit ID:
50. USOC Quantity:
45 Circuit Location:
51. Two-Six Code:
46. IC Circuit ID:
47. CFA :
52. Facilities From Date: Through Date:
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Appendix A: Billing Dispute Form
Page 65
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Appendix A: Billing Dispute Form
Page 66
Usage Dispute Information Section:
53. End Office CLLI: 54. TN/All:
56. Usage Billed Units/Quantity Disputed:
55. Usage Billed Units/Quantity:
57. Directionality: N/A Orig. Term.
58. Query: 59. Query Type:
Combination
60. OC&C SON: 61 OC&C PON:
62. Usage From Date: Thru Date:
Information Section:
63. Tax Dispute Amount: 64. Tax exemption form attached :
65. Invoice(s) LPC billed:
66. LPC paid, date of payment:
OTHER
67. Other remarks
Resolution Information Section:
68. Resolution Date:
69. Resolution Amount: $ 70. Resolution Reason:
72. Adjustment Invoice Number:
71. Adjustment Bill Date:
73. Adjustment Phrase Code(s): 74. Adjustment BAN/
75. Adjustment SON:
76. Disputed Amount: $ 77. Amount Credited: $
78. Bill Section Adjustment will appear on: OC&C_____ Adjustment_____
79. Resolution remarks:
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3987A87B-237E-4404-8E9E-4CF6EA4CB4CC
Appendix B: Price List
Page 67
Appendix B: Price List
Nonrecurring Charges
Initial Additional
Service Order Charges
New 1
Residential $22.39 $22.39
Business $22.39 $22.39
Change 2
Residential $17.44 $17.44
Business $17.44 $17.44
Disconnect 3
Residential $12.26 $12.26
Business $12.26 $12.26
Expedite Charge 4 $21.76 $21.76
Manual Service Order Charges 5 $8.07 $8.07
Time and Material Charges
Basic Time per half (1/2) hour $45.00 $45.00
Overtime per half (1/2) hour $62.50 $62.50
Premium Time per half (1/2) hour $85.00 $85.00
Coordinated Cut-Over Charge
Basic Time per half (1/2) hour $45.00 $45.00
Overtime per half (1/2) hour $62.50 $62.50
Premium Time per half (1/2) hour $85.00 $85.00
Reciprocal Compensation MOU Rate $0.00
1 New – includes each local number portability request and each new directory assistance request.
2 Change - includes any rearrangement or change to an existing service, supplemental requests or existing directory
assistance.
3 Disconnect – disconnection of a Windstream service or of a Windstream or Onvoy directory assistance.
4 Expedite - applies if Onvoy requests service prior to the standard due date intervals and the expedite request can be
met by Windstream.
5 Manual – applies to orders sent via facsimile, electronic mail or US Postal Service when Windstream Express is
available.
Onvoy - NE
October 31, 2018