Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of Boomsourcing, LLC )
) WC Docket No. 21-
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF BOOMSOURCING, LLC. FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAINNUMBERING
RESOURCES
Boomsourcing, LLC. (“Boomsourcing” or “Company”),1 pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of
0F
the Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering resources as
described below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order, an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to
provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may
be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section
52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s Rules. Boomsourcing hereby requests the Commission
grant it that authorization. In support of this Application, Boomsourcing provides the following
information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Boomsourcing, LLC
3451 Triumph Blvd.
Lehi, UT 84043
Telephone: 801-805-4600
Email: jacob@boomsourcing.com
Website: https://boomsourcing.com
1 Boomsourcing does not have any foreign ownership and is seeking this authority chiefly to comply with
STIR/SHAKEN requirements.
1

Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Jacob Munns
Boomsourcing, LLC
3451 Triumph Blvd.
Lehi, UT 84043
Telephone: 801-805-4600
Email: jacob@boomsourcing.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Boomsourcing hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules, as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company hereby
also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines and
practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The numbering
resources that are the subject of this Application will be used to provide interconnected VoIP services
initially in Utah, however the Company anticipates that it will provide interconnected VoIP service
nationwide, and accordingly, will request numbers from the other states in turn after its initial request
in Utah. Accordingly, to the extent required, Boomsourcing requests the Commission grant it
authority to obtain numbering resources in all states.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Boomsourcing acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Boomsourcing hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the
numbering resources activation date. Boomsourcing has an agreement in place with a nationally
recognized carrier partner, which has interconnection agreements in effect with all relevant incumbent
local exchange carriers, in order to route traffic. A copy of this agreement is attached as Exhibit A
to this Application. Boomsourcing respectfully requests this agreement be accorded confidential
treatment, pursuant to § 0.459 of the Commission’s rules. Boomsourcing provides a link to a public
2

website that contains a currently effective interconnection agreement between its carrier partner and
an incumbent local exchange carrier (“ILEC”). ICA, Part 1; ICA, Part 2. Boomsourcing has an
Operating Company Number (“OCN”).
In addition, the Company has a back-office support system with the ability to schedule and
process Local Number Portability (“LNP”) orders from customers, and has staff experienced in handling
number porting requests between itself and other carriers and interconnected VoIP providers.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Boomsourcing hereby certifies that it will continue to comply with its Universal Service Fund
contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and
Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17 and 52.32,
its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 C.F.R. § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47
C.F.R., Part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service and is both 911 and CALEA compliant.2 It is financially stable, led by a managerial
1F
team with substantial operational experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient
technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable service.
Jacob Munns is an entrepreneur in the lead generation market for more than 20 years. He is
the founder of multiple lead generation companies and a three-time recipient of INC. 5000’s fastest
growing company list.
Gregory Doermann has worked with NASA, Crypto Development and now lead generation
companies for more than 10 years.
Tanner Purser is an expert at forecasting and QuickBooks. He has more than 15 years in
2 Perfect Pitch obtains its 911 service capacity from its CLEC partner. Its CALEA obligations are handled
by all underlying carriers handling Perfect Pitch traffic.
3

accounting and finance operations.
Nate Clegg has considerable experience as a “growth hacker.”3 He has also been a lead
2F
generation company founder with more than 20 years’ experience in the customer acquisition market.
Brad Call -has more than 10 years of Call Center team development and growth management
experience.
Sean Spencer has worked for Sony and NBC. He is an entrepreneur and Shark Tank™
investment recipient, with more than 20 years in creative development and marketing.
None of these individuals is being, or has been, investigated by the Commission or any law
enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Boomsourcing hereby certifies that no party to this Application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Boomsourcing will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this Application and will file a correction with the Commission and
each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Boomsourcing will also furnish accurate
regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting numbers in
that state.
3 “Growth hacking” is data-driven marketing that uses rapid experimentation and low-budget tactics to
determine the most effective ways to grow a business.
4

III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Boomsourcing respectfully
requests the Commission grant this Application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
Boomsourcing, LLC
By /s/ Robert H. Jackson
Robert H. Jackson
Marashlian & Donahue, PLLC
1430 Spring Hill Road
Suite 310
Tysons, VA 22102
703-714-1300
rhj@commlawgroup.com
May 7, 2021
5

Exhibit A
Agreement with Underlying CLEC
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
A copy of the Agreement is filed under seal.
6

DECLARATION
Jacob Munns, under penalty of perjury, deposes and states as follows:
1. My name is Jacob Munns. I am the President and CEO of Boomsourcing, LLC.
2. I have reviewed the information set forth in the Company's Application to Obtain
Numbering Resources to which this declaration is attached.
3. The statements set forth in Boomsourcing's Application are true and correct to the best
of my knowledge, information and belief.
__________________________
Jacob Munns
Dated: May 7, 2021
7