Jeanine Poltronieri AT&T Services, Inc.
Assistant Vice President 1120 20th Street, N.W.
External Affairs Suite 1000
Washington, D.C. 20036
Phone: 202-457-2042
Email: Jp7321@att.com
CORRECTED
May 1, 2018
VIA ECFS
Ms. Marlene H. Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street, S.W.
Room 4C-224
Washington, D.C. 20554
Re: Ex Parte re: Amendment of Procedural Rules Governing Formal Complaint Proceedings
Delegated to the Enforcement Bureau: EB 17-245
Ms. Dorch:
The Federal Communications Commission (“FCC” or “Commission”) has recently released a Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (“NPRM”) seeking comment on creating a uniform set of procedural rules for
certain formal complaint proceedings delegated to the Enforcement Bureau.1 In the NPRM, the
Commission proposes several changes to its procedural rules that will modernize
its enforcement processes. AT&T commends the Commission for proposing new rules that will
streamline its procedures and supports the Commission’s suggestions to harmonize the procedural rules
that apply to Section 208 formal complaints, Section 224 pole attachment complaints, and
disability access complaints.
In addition to the rule changes proposed in the NPRM, the Commission asks “whether any additional
procedural rules should be included in the proceeding.”2 The answer to that question is yes. In
particular, the Commission should adopt a rule setting forth processes for the filing and consideration of
pre-answer Motions to Dismiss for all kinds of formal complaints.3 Although the Commission already
has authority to entertain and grant such motions,4 adopting a rule specifying procedures for doing so
would provide Commission staff and formal complaint parties with useful guidance and certainty.
1 Amendment of Procedural Rules Governing the Formal Complaint Proceedings Delegated to the Enforcement Bureau,
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, EB Docket 17-245, 32 FCC Rcd 7155 (2017).
2 NPRM at 7156, para 7.
3 Given that the Commission has already acknowledged – correctly – that no NPRM at all was necessary as a predicate for
adopting formal complaint procedural rules, the lack of any specific reference in the NPRM to motions to dismiss does not
preclude the Commission for adopting rules regarding such motions. NPRM at 7155, n.5.
4 See, e.g., 47 CFR §§ 1.727(b)(providing requirements for “dispositive motions”); 1.728(a)(providing that “[a]ny document
purporting to be a formal complaint which does not state a cause of action under the Communications Act will be
dismissed.”); Amendment of Rules Governing Procedures to Be Followed When Formal Complaints are Filed Against
Common Carriers, Report and Order, 12 FCC Rcd 22497, 22592, para. 229 (1997)(stating that the Commission “do[es] not
intend to prohibit the filing of motions to dismiss a complaint for failure to state a claim or failure to comply with procedural

Such a rule would allow for more efficient adjudication of certain formal complaints, conserving the
resources and time of Commission staff as well as formal complaint parties. In AT&T’s experience,
many formal complaints raise threshold legal questions that, if decided at early stages of the
proceedings, would significantly narrow or eliminate entirely the litigation, minimizing or avoiding the
need for potentially costly, lengthy, and onerous discovery, non-dispositive motions practice, and fact-
finding. Providing an opportunity to reduce such burdens would plainly serve the public interest.
A properly crafted new rule could specify that a defendant may file, before the deadline for submitting
an answer, a motion for leave to file a motion for partial or complete dismissal of the complaint.
Enforcement Bureau staff would have discretion to grant or deny the motion for leave. If Enforcement
Bureau staff grants leave to file a motion to dismiss, the defendant will have thirty calendar days to file
its motion to dismiss, complete with a detailed explanation and analysis of the legal foundations for why
the motion should be granted. Such grounds for pre-complaint dismissal would resemble those set forth
in Rule 12(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and would include (but not be limited to) failure to
state a claim upon which relief can be granted; lack of jurisdiction; expiration of the statute of
limitations; and enforcement of an alternative dispute resolution agreement between the parties. The
plaintiff will then have twenty calendar days to file an opposition to the motion to dismiss, including a
detailed explanation and analysis of the legal foundations for why the motion to dismiss should be
denied. No further pleadings regarding the motion to dismiss would be expressly permitted, but
Enforcement Bureau staff would retain discretion to direct, sua sponte, the filing of such further
pleadings. Enforcement Bureau staff also could retain discretion to alter the pleading cycle to suit the
case before it. For example, if the motion to dismiss was likely to present only narrow issues, staff
might shorten the pleading cycle. During the pendency of the motion to dismiss, all other processes that
would otherwise occur under the rules would be automatically stayed.
Proposed S.1.729, which governs Motions, can be modified to allow for Motions to Dismiss explicitly
by an addition of new part (f):
* * *
(f) A defendant may file, before the deadline for submitting an answer, a motion for leave to file
a motion for partial or complete dismissal of the complaint. Enforcement Bureau staff has
discretion to grant or deny the motion for leave. If Enforcement Bureau Staff grants leave to file
a motion to dismiss, the defendant will have thirty (30) calendar days to file its motion to
dismiss, complete with an explanation and analysis of the legal foundations for why the motion
should be granted. The plaintiff will then have twenty (20) calendar days to file an opposition to
the motion to dismiss, including an explanation and analysis of the legal foundations for why the
motion to dismiss should be denied. During the pendency of the motion to dismiss, all other
processes that would otherwise occur under applicable rules would be automatically stayed.
Grounds for pre-complaint dismissal would include (but not be limited to) failure to state a claim upon
which relief can be granted; lack of jurisdiction; expiration of the statute of limitations; and enforcement
of an alternative dispute resolution agreement between the parties. Furthermore, all facts alleged in the
complaint are accepted as true, but solely for purposes of deciding the motion to dismiss.
* * *
requirements.”).
2

Please contact me at (202) 457-2042 if you have any questions about this proposal. We look forward to
working with the Commission on modernizing the Enforcement Bureau rules for the 21st century.
Sincerely,
Jeanine Poltronieri
Copies:
Rosemary Harold
Christopher Killion
Rosemary McEnery
3