May 3rd, 2021
Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
Via ECFS
RE: WC Docket No. 21-84 – Supplement to Wiretap Telecom, LLC’s Application for
Authorization to Obtain Number Resources.
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Wiretap Telecom, LLC (“Wiretap”) hereby submits this Supplement to its Application for
Authorization to Obtain Number Resources (“Application”), which was filed with the Federal
Communications Commission (“Commission”) on March 9, 2021. As requested, Wiretap hereby
provides the Inteliquent (Neutral Tandem) Interconnection Agreement (Exhibit C) and the GTS
Service Schedule Agreement between Wiretap and Inteliquent, Inc. (Exhibit D).
Wiretap respectively requests that, pursuant to Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the
Commission’s rules, 47 C.F.R. § 0.457 and 0.459, the Commission withhold from public
inspection, the GTS Service Schedule agreement between Wiretap and Inteliquent, Inc.
(Exhibit D) in its entirety as confidential because the document contains trade secrets and
commercially sensitive “Pricing” information that falls within Exemption 4 of the Freedom of
Information Act (“FOIA”), 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4). The information in the document is “of a kind
that would not customarily be released to the public” and therefore, this information qualifies for
confidential treatment under FOIA. Wiretap respectfully submits that it would suffer substantial
competitive harm if this information was disclosed.
For any questions regarding this Supplement or Wiretap’s Application please contact Cody
Schilke at (405) 471-8000.

Respectfully Submitted,
Cody Schilke
President & CEO
Wiretap Telecom, LLC.
(405)471-8000
Email: cody.schilke@wiretaptelecom.com

EXHIBIT C

EXHIBIT D

DocuSign Envelope ID:
GTS Service Schedule (Shared)
This GTS Service Schedule (Shared) (this “Service Schedule”) is made between Wiretap Telecom, LLC
(“Customer”) and Inteliquent, Inc. (“Carrier”). This Service Schedule is made under the terms of the Master
Services Agreement between Customer and Carrier dated (as amended, the “MSA”).
Under the MSA and this Service Schedule, Customer will receive and Carrier will provide the “Services” as more
specifically described in Sections 2 and 3 below. In the event of a conflict between a term in this Service Schedule
and a term in the MSA, the term in this Service Schedule will govern with respect to the Services. The definitions
in the MSA apply to any term that is not defined in this Service Schedule. This Service Schedule is effective on
(“Effective Date”).
1.
2. The Services; and Certain Definitions.
2.1 For the purposes of this Service Schedule:
a. “Host Switch” has the meaning defined in the next paragraph.
b. “ILEC” means an Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier.
c. “Inbound Traffic” means Local Traffic, Local Transit Traffic and Switched Access Traffic.
d. “IXC” means an Inter-exchange Carrier
e. “Local Traffic” means calls that Carrier receives from the ILEC over its local trunks with the applicable
ILEC. “Local Traffic” includes traffic originating from a third party that the ILEC treats as local transit
traffic.
f. “Local Transit Traffic” means calls that that Carrier receives over its local transit service trunks from an
On-net carrier. “Local Transit Traffic” excludes Local Traffic.
g. “Off-net carrier” or “Off-net IXC carrier” means a third party carrier to which Carrier is not directly
connected.
h. “On-net carrier” or “On-net IXC carrier” means a third party carrier to which Carrier is directly
connected.
i. “Switched Access Traffic” means InterLATA or IntraLATA toll calls terminating to Customer via
Carrier’s FGD tandem.
2.2 Customer will use Carrier’s interconnection trunks to the applicable ILECs by populating Carrier’s switch
(the “Host Switch”) as the ‘Actual SW ID’ in the LERG for Customer’s NPA/NXX’s for the purpose of receiving:
a. Local Traffic originating from an ILEC subscriber; and
1
Confidential

DocuSign Envelope ID:
7.3
7.4 All third-party Inbound Traffic destined to telephone numbers associated with the Service must be
delivered through Inteliquent. No direct peering (bypassing Carrier’s tandem) will be allowed.
7.5
7.6 In addition to the above, Customer must use Carrier for all outbound minutes, required emergency
services (9-1-1) and messaging services (SMS and MMS) for telephone numbers (“TNs”) associated with the
Service. These services will be provided under separate service schedules/orders.
8. Carrier Responsibilities. If applicable, Carrier will provide Customer with a letter of authorization (LOA)
allowing Customer to use Carrier’s Host Switch as the Actual Switch in the LERG. Upon the completion of
installation and testing of interconnection facilities and implementation of the Services using a Host Switch in a
LATA, Carrier will notify Customer, in writing or email, that the Service is available for use.
9.
10.
11.
3
Confidential

DocuSign Envelope ID:
Exhibit 1
Pricing
A. Per Minute Fee
Regions Per Minute Rate
Other Regions
*Shared GTS service outside of locations where are the LEC
is dependent on customer utilizing an IPES OCN and obtaining FCC Numbering
Authorization
B. Interconnection Fees
Interconnection Type SIP Session Fee
If the parties interconnect using public IP
transport
C. Telephone Number Fees
Associated TNs Telephone Number Fee
All Customer TNs associated with the
Service
D. Port-Out of Inteliquent Telephone Numbers
Port-Out of Inteliquent TNs Port-Out Fee
Port-Out of existing Inteliquent TNs to Customer OCN and Port-
Out of TNs associated with the Service to any other carrier and
remaining under Customer’s control
E. Monthly Minimum Usage Fee
Monthly Minimum Account Fee
Monthly Minimum
Account Fee
5
Confidential

DocuSign Envelope ID:
6
Confidential