Potomac Law Group, PLLC
1300 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 700
Washington, D.C. 20004
Telephone: (202) 204-3005
Fax: (202) 318-7707
May 10, 2018
PUBLIC VERSION –
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION EXCLUDED
VIA ECFS
Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Application of IP Horizon, LLC, For Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources,
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g), Docket No. 18-____
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to §52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules,1 IP Horizon, LLC files its
Application for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources. Please note, this Application
contains confidential material, the disclosure of which would competitively harm the Company.
Accordingly, IP Horizon requests this material be filed under seal, pursuant to §0.459 of the
Commission’s Rules.2 In support of this request, IP Horizon submits the following:
1. Identification of the information for which confidential treatment is sought.
IP Horizon seeks confidential treatment of Exhibits A and B to its Application, and
specific references to these exhibits found in the body of its Application.
2. Description of the circumstances giving rise to the submission.
As part of its Application, IP Horizon is including the agreement between its carrier
partner as proof of its facilities readiness as required by §52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g).
2 47 C.F.R. § 0.459.

Marlene Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
May 10, 2018
Page 2 of 3
Commission’s Rules, and copies of a number of the carrier’s interconnection agreements
with incumbent carriers.
3. Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial, or
contains a trade secret or is privileged.
The information for which IP Horizon seeks confidential treatment contains sensitive
commercial information “which would customarily be guarded from competitors.” The
Exhibits to this Application describes the agreement between IP Horizon and its carrier
partner and contains proprietary commercial information concerning IP Horizon’s
network, customers, and services.
4. Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial or
contains a trade secret or is privileged.
The Exhibits contain information relating to commercial matters which can be used by
other interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) providers to compromise IP
Horizon’s position in the highly competitive interconnected VoIP sector. Accordingly,
release of this information would result in substantial competitive harm to IP Horizon.
5. Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial competitive
harm.
Competitors could use IP Horizon’s proprietary commercial and operational information
to IP Horizon’s detriment as they would gain access to sensitive information concerning
IP Horizon’s commercial agreements, as well as information as to how IP Horizon
provides its services. This information is not typically disclosed publicly.
6. Identification of any measures taken to prevent unauthorized disclosure, or if the
information has been disclosed previously.
Neither IP Horizon nor its carrier-partner have distributed the information to the public or
to any third party.
7. Justification of the period during which IP Horizon asserts that material should not be
available for public disclosure.
IP Horizon requests that the Exhibits be treated as confidential for a minimum period of
ten years. This period is necessary due to the nature of the proprietary information in the
Exhibits of the Application.

Marlene Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
May 10, 2018
Page 3 of 3
The confidential version of this Application with the confidential information included is being
filed in-hand conccurrently.
Thank you for your assistance in this matter and please do not hesitate to contact me at (202)
792-6422, or kmarshall@potomaclaw.com if you have any questions or concerns.
Respectfully submitted,
Katherine Barker Marshall, Counsel to IP Horizon, LLC
cc: Robert Russell, IP Horizon, LLC