May 17, 2024
Via ECFS
Ms. Marlene H. Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Communication
45 L Street NE
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Request for Confidential Treatment, Application of TDS Broadband Service,
LLC for Authority to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section
52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s rules, TDS Broadband Service, LLC
(“TDS Broadband Service”) hereby submits the enclosed application for authorization to obtain
numbering resources and requests confidential treatment of Exhibit A contained within the
application. Consistent with sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the Commission’s rules,1 TDS
Broadband Service has labeled the relevant exhibit “Confidential — Not for Public Inspection.”
TDS Broadband Service respectfully requests confidential treatment for Exhibit A, which
contains the interconnect agreement between TDS Broadband Service and its Competitive Local
Exchange Carrier (“CLEC”) partner. This Exhibit contains commercially sensitive pricing
information and proprietary technical information that TDS Broadband Service does not make
publicly available in the normal course of business. TDS Broadband Service therefore requests
that the interconnect agreement in Exhibit A be withheld from public inspection pursuant to
Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act (“FOIA”).2
In support of this request, TDS Broadband Service provides the following information, as
required by sections 0.457(d)(2) and 0.459(b) of the Commission’s rules.3
1. Identification of the specific information for which confidential treatment is sought.
TDS Broadband Service requests that Exhibit A be withheld from public disclosure under
5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4) and 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d)(2). This is proprietary and commercially
sensitive information concerning the pricing and terms of the agreement between TDS
1 See 47 CFR §§ 0.457, 0.459.
2 See 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4); see also 47 CFR § 0.457(d)(2).
3 See 47 CFR §§ 0.457(d)(2), 0.459.

Broadband Service and its CLEC partner to serve as TDS Broadband Service’s access
homing tandem and to route local and access traffic (both originating and terminating) to
the public switched telephone network (“PSTN”).
2. Identification of the Commission proceeding in which the information was
submitted or a description of the circumstances giving rise to the submission.
TDS Broadband Services is submitting Exhibit A with its application for numbering
resources as proof that it is capable of providing service within sixty days of the
numbering resources activation date, pursuant to section 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(H) of the
Commission’s rules governing such applications.
3. Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial, or
contains a trade secret or is privileged.
The interconnect agreement in Exhibit A contains business confidential pricing and
technical terms subject to exemption from public disclosure under FOIA Exemption 4.4
The Commission has long held that, for the purposes of Exemption 4, “records are
‘commercial’ as long as the submitter has a commercial interest in them.”5
4. Explanation of the degree to which the information concerns a service that is subject
to competition.
The interconnected voice over internet protocol (VoIP) market is highly competitive.
The commercial information at issue concerns TDS Broadband Service’s ability to
provide VoIP service by interconnecting with the PSTN, and thus “concerns a service
subject to competition.”6 As such, this information qualifies as sensitive internal business
and commercial information entitled to protection under FOIA7 and the Commission’s
rules.8
5. Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial
competitive harm.
Release of the confidential information contained in Exhibit A likely would cause
competitive harm to TDS Broadband Service. As the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C.
Circuit has stated, parties do not have to “‘show actual competitive harm’” to justify
confidential treatment; rather, “‘[a]ctual competition and the likelihood of substantial
competitive injury’ is sufficient to bring commercial information within the realm of
4 See 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4).
5 Robert J. Butler, 6 FCC Rcd 5414, 5415 (1991) (citing Pub. Citizen Rsch. Grp. v. FDA, 704
F.2d 1280, 1290 (D.C. Cir. 1983) and Am. Airlines v. Nat’l Mediation Bd., 588 F.2d 863, 868 (2d
Cir. 1978)).
6 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(4).
7 See 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4).
8 See 47 CFR § 0.457(d)(2).

confidentiality.”9 The VoIP industry is highly competitive, and TDS Broadband
Service’s competitors would take advantage of the commercially sensitive pricing and
technical information.
6. Identification of any measures taken by the submitting party to prevent
unauthorized disclosure.
TDS Broadband Service treats the agreement contained in Exhibit A as confidential and
proprietary. It does not publicly disclose this information.
7. Identification of whether the information is available to the public and the extent of
any previous disclosure of the information to third parties.
TDS Broadband Service has not publicly disclosed the information for which it is seeking
protection.
8. Justification of the period during which the submitting party asserts that material
should not be available for public disclosure.
The agreement contained in Exhibit A should never be released for public inspection.
The information is commercially sensitive and confidential, and any release would
commercially disadvantage TDS Broadband Service.
For the foregoing reasons, TDS Broadband Service respectfully requests that the
Commission keep Exhibit A within the enclosed application confidential and withhold it from
public inspection.
Please direct any questions regarding this request to the undersigned.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/
Yaron Dori
Counsel for TDS Broadband Service
9 Pub. Citizen Rsch. Grp. v. FDA, 704 F.2d 1280, 1291 (D.C. Cir. 1983) (quoting Gulf & W.
Indus. v. United States, 615 F.2d 527, 530 (D.C. Cir. 1979)).

Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
)
In the Matter of ) WC Docket No.____________
TDS Broadband Service, LLC )
For Authority to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
Rules )
APPLICATION OF TDS BROADBAND SERVICE, LLC
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
TDS Broadband Service, LLC TDS Broadband Service ) pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii) of
the rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described below.
TDS Broadband Service is an established interconnected VoIP carrier providing voice and
network services to residential and business customers and is authorized to provide service in Colorado,
Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, and Utah. The Company is owned by parent TDS
Telecommunications, LLC which provides 1.2 million connections to high-speed internet, phone, and TV
entertainment services in rural and suburban communities across the United States.
Under the Commission , an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may be obtained
upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section 52.15.(g)(3)(ii)(A)-
(N) The numbering resources that are the subject of this Application will be
used to provide interconnected VoIP services in the state of Oregon. TDS Broadband Service is capable
of providing service within 60 days of the numbering resources activation date.
TDS Broadband Service has negotiated an Interconnect Agreement with Inteliquent, a
Competitive Local Exchange Carrier and subsidiary of Sinch Networks, to serve as TDS Broadband
Service
the PSTN. TDS Broadband Service will interconnect with and broadcast Inteliquent tandem platforms

for the purposes of managing all codes assigned to TDS Broadband Service .1 To further support
this application, TDS Broadband Service provides the following additional information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(ii)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(A)
Name: TDS Broadband Service, LLC
Address: 525 Junction Road
City: Madison
State: Wisconsin
ZIP Code: 53717
Country: USA
Telephone: 1-844-322-8834
Website: https://www.hellotds.com
Contact for regulatory requirements :
Name: Jennifer Heise
Address: 525 Junction Road
City: Madison
State: Wisconsin
ZIP Code: 53717
Country: USA
Telephone: 608-664-4148
E-mail Address: jennifer.heise@tdstelecom.com
Contact for 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: TDS Telecommunications LLC - Attn: Subpoena compliance
Address: 525 Junction Road
City: Madison
State: Wisconsin
ZIP Code: 53717
Country: USA
Telephone: 608-664-2310
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(B)
TDS Broadband Service hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules, to the numbering authority delegated to the states, and the state laws, regulations, and
1 OCN # 641H TDS Broadband Service, LLC and Administrative OCN # G048 TDS Telecom (WI)

registration requirements applicable to businesses operating in each state where TDS Broadband Service
seeks numbering resources. The Company hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to
compliance with industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to
telecommunications carriers.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(G)
TDS Broadband Service hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant
state commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(H)
TDS Broadband Service hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the
numbering resources activation date. An interconnect agreement demonstrating the access to the platform
and capability of Inteliquents Exhibit A. The Company
requests confidential Exhibit A. Also attached, as Exhibit B,
is evidence of Inteliquent s interconnection to the PSTN through its MSA/ICA with LECs in the state of
Oregon.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(J)
TDS Broadband Service hereby certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local Number
Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to
pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9. TDS
Broadband Service FRN is 0022516330 and 499 Filer ID is 829912.

F. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(K)
TDS Broadband Service certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team with substantial
managerial experience in the telecommunications industry and has sufficient technical expertise and
infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services. key management and
technical personnel are identified in attached Exhibit C. None of the identified personnel are being or
have been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to
pplicable to unlawful robocalls or
unlawful spoofing.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(M)
TDS Broadband Service hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(x)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(x), TDS Broadband Service will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information, certifications, and ownership or affiliation information in this application.

III.CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii TDS BroadbandService
respectfullyrequests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
Respectfully submitted,
Jennifer R. Heise
Manager-Regulatory Compliance
TDS Broadband Service, LLC
525 Junction Road
Madison, WI 53717
(608)664-4148
jennifer.heise@tdstelecom.com
May1 , 2024

Exhibit A
AGREEMENT BETWEEN
TDS Broadband Service, LLC and Carrier Partner
(Confidential exhibit submitted separately)

Exhibit B
Sinch and Qwest Communications
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
For the state of Oregon

Exhibit C
Key Management Personnel
Jim Butman
President and Chief Executive Officer
Jim joined TDS Telecom in 1985 and was appointed President and CEO in 2018.
As president and CEO, Jim places great emphasis on ensuring the company delivers high quality
products and services to customers throughout the country. In addition, he takes pride in creating
a transparent, diverse, and rewarding work environment for all associates.
During his tenure with TDS Telecom, Jim has held numerous leadership positions including Chief
Operating Officer and Group President of Marketing, Sales & Customer Operations. He also served
Jim currently serves on the TDS Inc. Board of Directors, the UScellular Board of Directors,
the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, NCTC Board of Directors, and
the Safe Harbor Child Advocacy Center Board of Directors. He also served on
the INCOMPAS Board of Directors for many years.
Jim earned a Master of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Wisconsin
Madison and a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Wisconsin
Eau Claire.
Shane West
Chief Operating Officer (COO)
Shane was named Chief Operating Officer in January 2024. In this role, Shane is responsible for
-to-day operations field services, network assurance, facilities, call center
operations, consumer and commercial sales, product development, and marketing.
Most recently, Shane was Senior Vice President of Network Operations, where he oversaw the field
services and repair teams responsible for all service installations, resolutions, preventative
or
to that role, he served as Senior Vice President of Marketing Sales, and Customer Operations for
four years.
Shane has worked in the TDS organization for more than 27 years, having first joined parent
company Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. in 1996. In 2001, he came to TDS Telecom from sister
company, UScellular. While at UScellular, Shane played a critical role in helping the wireless
company launch its first-ever family and unlimited roaming plans.
Shane holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Wisconsin Eau
Claire and a Master of Business Administration in Marketing from the University of Wisconsin La
Crosse.
Michelle Brukwicki - Senior Vice President Finance & Chief Financial Officer
Michelle was named Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer in February 2022.
In this role, Michelle leads strategic and long-range planning, financial analysis, accounting, internal
controls, billing, revenue assurance, and supply chain services.

held multiple leadership positions with growing responsibility. Most recently, Michelle served as Vice
President of Financial Analysis and Strategic Planning at TDS. In this role, she led enterprise-wide
strategic planning, budgeting, and forecasting processes for TDS and its business units.
Michelle earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance and a Master of
Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin Madison. She is also a Certified Public
Accountant (CPA).
AnnMarie Kreitzer
Senior Vice President of Human Resources & Chief Human Resources Officer
AnnMarie was appointed Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Chief Human Resources
Officer in July 2023. In this senior leadership role, she oversees employee relations, safety,
compensation, benefits, rewards and recognition, talent acquisition and development, and Diversity,
Equity, Inclusion, & Belonging (DEI&B) efforts.
Prior to joining TDS Telecom in 2023, AnnMarie accumulated more than 20 years of experience in
human resources management, strong business acumen, and consistently delivered positive
business results at several major corporations throughout the U.S., Europe, and Latin America.
dies from Ripon
College (Wis.), where she also played Division III basketball. She also maintains a Master of
Science in Industrial Organizational Psychology from the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh.
Ken Paker
Senior Vice President of Information and Network Technologies and Chief Technology
Officer
Ken was named CTO in 2014 and appointed SVP of Information and Network Technologies in 2018.
He has been with the company since 1996.
Ken holds responsibility for the technical direction of the company's network and IT evolution. He
oversees the delivery of software and infrastructure projects across diverse, state-of-the-art network
technologies, as well as the company's mission-critical IT applications and services. He also directs
the planning, engineering, and building of TDS' networks to ensure customers have access to the
most reliable internet, phone, and TV services.
Ken holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Biology from Purdue University, a Master
of Science in Computer Science from the University of Southern California, a Master of Business
Administration from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, and a Master of Science in Data Science
at the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh. He also serves on the Board of Directors for Access
Wisconsin.
Julie Maiers
Senior Vice President of Marketing, Sales, and Customer Operations
As the SVP of Marketing, Sales, and Customer Operations, Julie leads the marketing, product, and
s. In addition, Julie has
Since joining the company in 1998, Julie has progressively taken on roles of increasing
responsibility. Most recently, she served as the VP of Marketing and Product Development, where
as the director of Consumer
-of-territory fiber overbuild project in

Sun Prairie, Wisconsin. Dur -speed internet
service in 2000, managed the launch of TDS TV, and was instrumental in developing the "TDS
Fiber" marketing strategy.
In addition to her professional responsibilities, Julie is a board member of the American Heart
Association (Madison) and an advisory board member of the University of Wisconsin E-Business
Consortium. She also volunteers with Heart to Heart Experiences and serves on the Board of
Directors.
Julie earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Mundelein College in Illinois, and an MBA
from the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University.
Andrew (Drew) Petersen
Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs
Drew joined TDS Telecom in 1997 and was appointed SVP of Corporate Affairs in 2018. In his
current role, Drew leads the company's out-of-territory community expansion efforts. He oversees
efforts at the local, state, and national levels. He
also works to advance TDS' public policy positions through partnerships with industry-affiliated trade
organizations and federal and state policymakers. In addition, Drew supervises the business
development, compliance, and legal affairs groups. He manages internal and external
communications at TDS, serves as the company's chief corporate spokesperson, and oversees Zolo
Media, a TDS Broadcasting company that operates KOHD-TV (ABC Affiliate), KBNZ (CBS Affiliate),
COTV11, and CO4 Visitors Network, which offer a wide range of viewing options in Central Oregon.
In addition to his professional responsibilities, Drew currently serves as an executive committee
member on the board of directors for and is a director for
Madison-based Park Bank. He is past president of the University of Wisconsin System Board of
Regents, a seat he earned through gubernatorial appointment and senate confirmation in 2015.
Drew is also the past president of the Wisconsin Technical College System Board, Madison Club,
and Wisconsin State Telecommunications Association.
Drew maintains a Bachelor of Arts in History and Leadership Studies from Ripon College (Wis.) and
a Master of Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Drew has been
quoted in numerous periodicals such as The Washington Post, Chicago Tribune, Minneapolis Star-
Tribune, and Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. Drew was also recently named to the 2023 100 Power
Players list by Cablefax The Magazine.