Before the
Public Version –
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Confidential
Information Excluded
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of IP Horizon LLC )
) WC Docket No. 18- ________
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF IP HORIZON, LLC
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
IP Horizon LLC (“IP Horizon” or “Company”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the
Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may be obtained
upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section 52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-
(G) of the Commission’s Rules. IP Horizon hereby requests the Commission grant it that authorization. In
support of this application, the Company provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: IP Horizon, LLC
Address: 1515 Park Center Dr #2F
City: Orlando
State: FL
ZIP Code: 32835
Telephone: (407) 554-8503
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: Compliance Services LLC
Address: 1213-J Liberty Rd, #216
City: Eldersburg
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015).

State: MD
ZIP Code: 21784
Telephone: (443) 578-9514
E-mail: legal@compli.support
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
IP Horizon hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under Section
52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission numbering
rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company hereby also
acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines and practices
regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The numbering resources that are the
subject of this Application will be used to provide interconnected VoIP services initially in Delaware, but
intends to provide services on a nationwide basis. Accordingly, the Company seeks authority to obtain
numbering resources in all fifty states.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
IP Horizon acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
IP Horizon hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. IP Horizon is a recently-established interconnected VoIP provider. However,
the Company was founded by an experienced telecommunications professional, and has an agreement in
place with a competitive local exchange carrier (“CLEC”) to route traffic to the incumbent carriers. As
part of its agreement, this CLEC has agreed to host IP Horizon’s numbers on its switches, and provide
PSTN connectivity for inbound calls to these numbers. A copy of this agreement is attached as Exhibit A
to this application. IP Horizon respectfully requests this agreement be accorded confidential treatment,
pursuant to §0.459 of the Commission’s rules.2 As Exhibit B, IP Horizon provides a current
2 47 C.F.R. § 0.459. The agreement contains trade secret information that is not publicly available, the disclosure of
which would cause economic harm to IP Horizon.

interconnection agreement between IP Horizon’s CLEC vendor and an incumbent local exchange carrier
(“ILEC”).3
In addition, the Company has developed an integrated back office support system with the ability
to schedule and process LNP orders from customers, and has staff experienced in handling Local Number
Portability between itself and other carriers and interconnected VoIP providers.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
IP Horizon hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local Number
Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to
pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.4
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team with substantial
managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient technical expertise and
infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services.
IP Horizon’s key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the identified
personnel are being or have been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory
agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
Key Personnel:
Managing Member – Robert Russell
IP Horizon is controlled by the following
3 This CLEC is authorized to provide service on a nationwide basis, and, accordingly, has interconnection
agreements and arrangements nationally.
4 IP Horizon is a newly-formed entity, however has registered with the Universal Service Administrative Company
(“USAC”) as an interconnected VoIP provider, and was assigned 499 Filer ID No. 832540.

Name: Robert Russell
Business Address: 1213-J Liberty Rd, #216, Orlando, FL 32835
Citizenship: US Citizen
Principal Business: Telecommunications
Ownership Interest: 100%5
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
IP Horizon hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988,21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), IP Horizon will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this application, and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. IP Horizon will also furnish
accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting
numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, IP Horizon, LLC respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
IP HORIZON, LLC
Katherine E. Barker Marshall
Potomac Law Group, PLLC
1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Suite 700
Washington, DC 20004
Telephone: (202) 792-6422
E-mail: kmarshall@potomaclaw.com
Date: May 10, 2018
5 Biographical information of management of the Company is included as Exhibit C.

Exhibit A
Agreement with Underlying CLEC
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459

Exhibit B
Interconnection Agreement
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459

Exhibit C
Management Biographies
Robert Russell is the Managing Member of IP Horizon, LLC. As Managing Member, he is
responsible for the overall strategic, technical, operational and financial success of IP Horizon,
LLC. His primary responsibilities involve strategic planning, enhancement of internal and
customer facing technology systems and networks, and assurance that the operational and
financial resources at IP Horizon are running in an efficient and effective manner.
Mr. Russell is also President of Local Access, LLC, a competitive local exchange carrier
currently operating in nineteen states and the District of Columbia.
Previously, Mr. Russell led Draper Communications, owned by DCI Voice Solutions, as its
CEO. DCI Voice Solutions offered a wide range of telecommunications services with its
primary focus on domestic U.S. and international termination. Under Mr. Russell’s leadership,
DCI Voice Solutions expanded to having personnel in fourteen states and three countries, and its
revenue grew more than 300 percent.
Prior to his appointment with DCI Voice Solutions, Mr. Russell was the CEO of Draper
Communications and DelMarva Online, LLC (DMV), an Internet Service Provider (ISP). Mr.
Russell led DMV from a small, local ISP servicing Salisbury, MD to become the largest
privately held ISP on the east coast. Mr. Russell led the acquisition of seven other ISPs and
expanded DMV’s service area to encompass the entire U.S., as well as Canada and several Trust
Territories.