Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of IP Link Telecom, Inc. ) WC Docket No. 21- ________
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF IP Link TELECOM, INC.
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
IP Link Telecom, Inc. (“IP Link”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s
Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described below. Under the
Commission's Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain numbering
resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may be
obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section
52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s Rules. IP Link hereby requests the Commission grant
it that authorization. In support of this application, IP Link provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: IP Link Telecom, Inc.
Address: 305 N 1st Ave.
City: Hillsboro
State: Oregon
ZIP Code: 97124
Telephone: 1-844-464-7546
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: Eric Engbers
Address: 305 N 1st Ave.
City: Hillsboro
State: Oregon
ZIP Code: 97124
Telephone: (919) 570-0101
Fax: N/A
Email: eric.engbers@IP Linktelecom.com
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015).
1

B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
IP Link hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company hereby
also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines and
practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. IP Link intends to
offer services immediately in Oregon but seeks authority to access numbering resources
throughout the United States.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
IP Link acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
IP Link hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. IP Link is a recently-established interconnected VoIP providing
messaging and network services for businesses located in the United States. The Company was
founded by experienced telecommunications professionals and has an agreement in place with
Peerless Network, Inc. Peerless will provide PSTN Control Service to the Customer to originate
and terminate traffic to and from the Public Switched Telephone Network. The agreement
demonstrating the access to this platform and capability is attached to this application as
Confidential Exhibit A.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
IP Link hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its
obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR
part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team
with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient
technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services. IP Link’s
key management and technical personnel are identified in attached Exhibit B. None of the
identified personnel are being or have been investigated by the Commission or any law
enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
2

G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
IP Link hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988,21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), IP Link will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application and will file a correction with the Commission
and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. IP Link will also furnish accurate
regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting numbers
in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, IP Link Telecom, Inc.
respectfully requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
Respectfully submitted,
By: _________________________
FosterDanowsky
Jason Danowsky
Texas Bar No. 24092318
jdanowsky@fosterdanowsky.com
904 West Ave., Ste. 107
Austin, TX 78701
(512) 708-8700
(512) 697-0058/fax
3

Exhibit B
Key Managerial and Technical Personnel
2

E E
RIC NGBERS
eric.engbers@iplinktelecom.com | 919.634.0313
Telecommunications and Technology Executive with end-to-end senior management experience
ranging from core network and software architecture, operations, and management, to profit and loss,
M&A, finance and business development.
I have led the design, deployment and operations
of multiple telecommunications networks used by SKILLS AND RESOURCES
the world’s largest carriers, software and services
platforms used by Fortune 500 companies and WHO I AM
been responsible for every aspect of
Technically minded senior executive who
organizational activities from sales, business
excels at bridging the commercial and
development, finance, M&A, software
technical divide
development, engineering, marketing and more
across both public and private companies.
WHAT I KNOW
CORE COMPENTENCIES
Session Initiation Protocol (SIP), SS7, SMPP,
Telecommunications
SQL, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS
 Network Architecture and Operations Access, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro,
 Negotiation of Interconnection HTML, XML, CSS, MAC/Windows/Linux
Agreements
 Full Product Creation and Management – CONNECT WITH ME
linkedin.com/in/engbers
Call Origination, Termination, SMS/MMS,
SIP Trunking, IP PBX, CPaaS
 Data Driven Pricing & Network WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING
Management Analytics and Systems
“Eric is the brightest individual that I have ever
had the opportunity to work with. He is
Customer & Vendor Relationships
polished and professional with a broad and
 Long Term Strategic Relationship
deep knowledge of technology.”
Development
-Doug Bonestroo, formerly CEO RemotePipes,
 Business Development, Sales and
Inc.
Procurement from CEO, CFO to CTO and
throughout the organization
“Eric is very knowledgeable in the
communications arena, particularly in the
Software & Systems
wireless environment. He sees technical and
 Platform Design & Architecture
business issues before most, and his ability to
 Project Management
provide solutions for those issues, makes it a
 Management of Development and
pleasure to work with him”
Engineering
-Donald Alcorn, CIO SmartSky Networks
Corporate & Executive Leadership “Eric Engbers' leadership, management skills,
 Business Planning & Execution entrepreneurial inclination, and business
 Go-to-market Strategy & Launch foresight renders him valuable to any
 M&A, P&L, Finance, Deal Structure organization, regardless of size or industry.”
-Her Moua, Network Engineer Wells Fargo &
EDUCATION Company
Bachelor Science, Agricultural Business
California Polytechnic State University,
San Luis Obispo
1994 - 1999
Magna Cum Laude

E E
RIC NGBERS
eric.engbers@iplinktelecom.com | 919.634.0313
CAREER RECORD
IP Link Technologies Group January 2021 – present
Chief Operating Officer
The IP Link Technologies Group family of companies provide a range of industry leading
telecommunications, CPaaS and SaaS solutions to major service provider, enterprise and
small to medium business customers.
 Manage day-to-day operations of the business including; network engineering, network
operations, software development, product management, accounting & finance, sales and
marketing.
 Direct management of key customer and vendor relationships.
NGL Communications August 2018 – present
Chief Executive Officer
NGL Communications delivers solutions that meet the needs of the world’s largest service
providers and the most challenging enterprise environments. Acquired by IP Link Technologies
Group.
 Responsible for managing all aspects of the business from inception
 Exceeded productivity objectives of more than $2MM / employee in revenues
Xtelus November 2015 – February 2019
Chief Executive Officer
Xtelus operated an industry-leading, high performance digital voice network. Acquired by
Gawk, Inc.
 Responsible for managing all aspects of the business from inception
 Acquired by OTC publicly traded company
Telaris July 2009 – August 2015
President & Chief Executive Officer
Telaris was a voice transit service provider delivering high quality call termination services to
telecommunications carriers and business customers around the globe. Incumbent carriers,
mobile operators, MSOs, next generation service providers and Enterprise customers
benefited from the high performance digital network, quality management systems and
comprehensive voice portfolio to maximize profitability of their voice operations.
 Co-founded and grew business to over $20MM in annual revenue
Vera Networks, LLC September 2010 – July 2015
Co-founder & Director
Vera Networks was a voice and data solutions provider of telecommunication software,
hardware and services. Vera provided cloud-based SaaS and other managed services along
with the sales and support of carrier-grade softswitches. Vera serves telecommunications
carriers, service providers, and Enterprise businesses.
 Formed key strategic relationships leading to numerous multi-million dollar sales
Wi-SKY Networks, LLC September 2005 – November 2010
Strategy Advisor & Member
Wi-SKY Networks LLC™ is committed to providing the highest-speed, continuous, real-time,
interactive data transmission via true broadband (1 Mbps+ per user) to and from aircraft in
flight and vessels at sea for data transfer, video conferencing, email, voice over IP, movie
upload, chat mail and high-speed Internet access, using WiMAX wireless technology. Acquired
by SmartSky Networks

E E
RIC NGBERS
eric.engbers@iplinktelecom.com | 919.634.0313
InterMetro Communications January 2009 – July 2009
Vice President – Wholesale Services
InterMetro Communications offers VoIP services to long distance carriers, broadband phone
companies, VoIP service providers, wireless providers and other communication companies
and end-users.
PowerNet Global Communications December 2005 – October 2008
Vice President – PNG Carrier Services
PowerNet Global provided residential and business switched and dedicated voice and data
solutions.
 Created and successfully co-launched a new $25 MM carrier services division within an
established $150 MM retail telecom company.
 Directly managed Network Operations Center (NOC), network engineering, operations,
carrier relations (procurement) supporting the full organization along with the newly
created division.
WiMAX Global Roaming Alliance May 2005 – September 2006
Co-founder & Chairman
WGRA supported wireless broadband technologies and services by developing commercial,
technical and marketing frameworks for wireless network interoperability.
 Established the WiMAX Global Roaming Alliance, a working group of industry leaders and
prospective users of emerging WiMAX technologies, dedicated to the development of
competitive, ubiquitous wireless broadband services.
 Organized and led speaking panels and industry events
 Recruited members and member organizations
RemotePipes, Inc. January 2001 – December 2005
President / VP Business Development
RemotePipes was a leading provider of worldwide mobile Internet access solutions.
 Conceptualized and implemented business model shift from facilities based dial-up ISP to
Global Internet Access service provider.
 Responsible for entry into new line of business while maintaining established legacy
revenue.
 Architected software platform and service offerings which serviced Fortune 500 customers
and secured major brand distribution.
 Developed a leading global Internet access network with coverage in over 150 countries.
 Strategic channel partnerships including; Verizon, Adelphia, Shaw, Rogers, Charter, and
more.
 Direct customer wins included Tribune Company, Motorola, NOAA Fisheries and 150+ SME
customers from various verticals, along with 25,000+ total non-SMB seats.
iPass, Inc. 1999 – 2000
Sr. Network Quality Analyst
iPass was a market leading provider of secure global remote access solutions to the Global
Fortune 2000.
 Designed automated network and vendor management systems and reporting
 Technical vendor management of over 100 vendors globally

Noah Kamrat
EMAIL
Varied work experiences within the nkamrat@iplinktelecom.com
telecommunications industry at all levels of senior
PHONE
management including operations, sales, and
+1 541.521.8732
strategic development. Opened an office overseas,
negotiated M&As, managed sales teams, ADDRESS
engineering teams, and was part of a team that 305 N 1st Ave
Hillsboro, OR 97124
took the company I founded public. Specialties
include Management of Technical Sales, Operations
and Business Development.
Political science major interested in important issues such as liberty, equality,
Education
community, social forces and morality.
MBA Bachelors of Science
University of Oregon University of Oregon
Charles H. Lundquist College of Business Political Science
2010 - 2011 1992 – 1994
Experience in all levels of Senior Management in the telecommunications
Experience
industry. Strong focus on sustainable behavior, lowering our carbon
footprint and driving technology in a direction for the good of humanity.
President CTO, COO
IP Link Telecom New World Brands
April 2010 – present Apr 2004 - March 2010
Wholesale telecommunications, Manufactured and distributed
voiceover IPs, call centers, services VoIP equipment and managed
and consulting. VoIP networks.
President Director, Nat’l Accounts
Qualmax, Inc. Frontier Communications
Apr 1999 - Apr 2003 Apr 1996 - Jan 1999
Valued Added Reseller for CISCO Managed national and key
Systems and other network account sales team in South
equipment. Merged with New World Florida.
Brands.
Major Account Representative
MCI Telecommunications
Apr 1994 - Apr 1996
Managed major accounts for a large
telecommunications company.