Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of Telcentris, Inc., ) WC Docket No. 20- ________
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF TELCENTRIS, INC.,
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Telcentris, Inc., (“Telcentris”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules,
respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described below. Under the
Commission's Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain numbering
resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may be
obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section
52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)- (G) of the Commission’s Rules. Telcentris hereby requests the Commission
grant it that authorization. In support of this application, Telcentris provides the following
information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Telcentris, Inc.
Address: 5825 Oberlin Drive, Suite 5
City: San Diego
State: California
ZIP Code: 92121
Telephone: 619.900.9000
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015).
1

Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: Kristin Beers, Vice President, Operations
Address: 5825 Oberlin Drive, Suite 5
City: San Diego
State: California
ZIP Code: 92121
Telephone: 202.251.1110
Fax: 858.587.7036
Email: kristin@voxox.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Telcentris hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under Section
52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company
hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The
numbering resources that are the subject of this Application will be used to provide
interconnected VoIP services initially in the following states: California, New York, Texas,
Pennsylvania, and Illinois.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Telcentris acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Telcentris hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within sixty (60) days of the
numbering resources activation date. Telcentris is an experienced interconnected VoIP provider
enabling messaging and network services to businesses located in the United States. Telcentris
has thousands of customers that range from residential end users to small, medium and large
2

businesses. The Company has an agreement in place with Inteliquent for the termination of its
traffic. Inteliquent is a competitive local exchange carrier with dozens of interconnection
agreements with incumbent local exchange carriers nationwide to carry voice traffic among
access tandems and terminate to end user customers. Telentris will interconnect with and
broadcast the appropriate carriers’ tandem platforms for the purposes of managing all codes
assigned to Telcentris OCNs.
Telcentris has also entered into agreements and achieved full OSS integration with four carriers
for access to DIDs: Bandwidth.com, BrightLink, Level 3, Peerless Networks, and Windstream.
With these agreements in place, the carriers will provide PSTN connectivity for inbound calls to
these numbers. Due to their large size, Telcentris provides the following link to the agreements:
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/hxo1oej4pjy99q6/AADXrgys6Ar_L6FDEMfdrqV3a?dl=0
Telcentris is also currently in negotiations with two well-known providers of local number
portability services and expects to choose a vendor soon.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Telcentris hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32,
its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47
CFR part 9.
3

F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. Founded in 2006, Telcentris now serves thousands of customers It is financially
stable, led by a strong, experienced management team with substantial managerial experience in
the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in
place to provide reliable numbering services. Telcentris’ key management and technical
personnel are listed below. None of the identified personnel are being or have been investigated
by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any
law, rule, or order. There are no shareholders with more than 10% of outstanding shares that are
non-American citizens.
Key Personnel:
Bryan Hertz, Chairman and CEO: Bryan is a successful entrepreneur, bringing more than 20
years of experience in building companies and management teams, raising capital and driving
technology innovation for Fortune 500 banks, insurance companies and data processing
facilities. Bryan entered the telecom industry in 2006 and created Voxox to fulfill his vision to
unify personal and business communications on a global basis. Today award-winning Voxox
solutions are used in over 200 countries by consumers and businesses.
Kevin Hertz, CTO: Kevin is a talented technologist who is constantly innovating at the forefront
of telecommunications and IP technology. He has designed and implemented a highly scalable,
large capacity, flexible and fully redundant global communications network that perpetually
4

maintains a 99.999% uptime. With more than a decade of experience in technology development
and advanced network architectures, Kevin’s expertise and accomplishments has made him a
pioneer in cloud communications technology.
Bob Hertz, CIO: Bob is an expert in computer information technology, software development,
operations automation, communications systems, database management and managerial
accounting. He has delivered innovative and highly complex information technology solutions to
over 100 Fortune 100/500 corporations. Bob has designed and developed several “cradle-to-
grave” automation environments for large and medium-sized businesses, including hospitals,
travel agencies and financial institutions. Bob was instrumental in developing (SOSUS) the
communications system for the US Navy. Bob’s entrepreneurial activities have included building
several high-tech businesses and software development companies.
Bob Giargiari, CFO: Bob is a seasoned finance executive and entrepreneur with deep experience
in building, financing, operating, and achieving exits for start-up ventures. Over the past 20
years, he has held senior management and advisory roles at a variety of public and private
healthcare, technology and life science companies, gaining significant proficiency in capital
formation, corporate finance, operations, M&A, and business development. During his career, he
has directed or facilitated financing and M&A transactions totaling over $1 billion. Prior to
joining Voxox, Bob served in senior leadership roles at several high growth companies including
StemImmune, Inc., WorkWell Prevention and Care, Ambit Biosciences (commercial unit
acquired by DiscoverX), NovaCardia (clinical stage drug assets acquired by Merck), Ancile
Pharmaceuticals, Molecular Biosystems, and Sequana Therapeutics (acquired by Arris
5

Pharmaceutical). Mr. Giargiari holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in sociology and economics from
Harvard and a Masters in Business Administration from the Anderson School at UCLA.
Company confirms that none of the individuals identified above is being or has been investigated
by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any
law, rule or order.
More information about others in the management team can be found here:
https://voxox.com/team-voxox
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Telcentris hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Telcentris will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application, and will file a correction with the Commission
and each applicable state within thirty (30) days of any changes. Telcentris will also furnish
accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when
requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Telcentris, Inc. respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
6

Respectfully submitted,
TELCENTRIS, INC.
through counsel,
_________________________
Kristopher E. Twomey
Law Office of Kristopher E. Twomey, P.C.
1725 I Street, NW, Suite 300
Washington, DC 20006
202 681-1850
kris@lokt.net
Date: May 28, 2020
7