Before the
Public Version –
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Confidential Not
Information Included
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of Star2Star Communications, LLC )
) WC Docket No. 20- ________
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF STAR2STAR COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Star2Star Communications, LLC (“Star2Star” or “Company”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)
of the Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may be obtained
upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section 52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-
(G) of the Commission’s Rules. Star2Star hereby requests the Commission grant it that authorization. In
support of this Application, Star2Star provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Star2Star Communications, LLC
600 Tallevast Road, Suite 202
Sarasota, FL 34243
Telephone: (941) 234-0001
Facsimile: (941) 355-7878
Website: www.star2star.com
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015).
1

Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Star2Star Communications, LLC
Attention: Legal Department
600 Tallevast Road, Suite 202
Sarasota, FL 34243
Telephone: (941) 243-0001
Facsimile: (941) 355-7878
E-Mail: Legal@Star2Star.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Star2Star hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under Section
52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission numbering
rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company hereby also
acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines and practices
regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The numbering resources that are the
subject of this Application will be used to provide interconnected VoIP services initially in Florida,
however the Company anticipates that it will provide interconnected VoIP service nationwide, and
accordingly, will request numbers from the other states in turn after its initial request in Florida.
Accordingly, to the extent required, Star2Star requests the Commission grant it authority to obtain
numbering resources in all states.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Star2Star acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Star2Star hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. Star2Star has an agreement in place with a nationally recognized carrier
partner, which has interconnection agreements in effect with all relevant incumbent local exchange
carriers, in order to route traffic. A copy of this agreement is attached as Exhibit A to this Application.
Star2Star respectfully requests this agreement be accorded confidential treatment, pursuant to §0.459 of

the Commission’s rules.2 As Exhibit B, Star2Star provides a current interconnection agreement between
its carrier partner and an incumbent local exchange carrier (“ILEC”).
In addition, the Company has a back-office support system with the ability to schedule and
process LNP orders from customers, and has staff experienced in handling Local Number Portability
between itself and other carriers and interconnected VoIP providers.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Star2Star hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local Number
Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to
pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.3
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team with substantial
managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient technical expertise and
infrastructure in place to provide reliable service.
Star2Star’s key management and technical personnel are listed below, and more information
concerning the managerial and team is included in Exhibit C. None of the identified personnel are being
or have been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to
comply with any law, rule, or order. A copy of Star2Star’s corporate structure is attached as Exhibit D.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Star2Star hereby certifies that no party to this Application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
2 47 C.F.R. § 0.459. The agreement contains trade secret information that is not publicly available, the disclosure of
which would cause economic harm to Star2Star.
3 Star2Star’s 499 Filer ID is 827907. Star2Star is also an active provider of services to Schools and Libraries
through the E-Rate program and services to health care providers through the Rural Health Care Program.

II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Star2Star will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this Application, and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Star2Star will also furnish
accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting
numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Star2Star Communications, LLC
respectfully requests the Commission grant this Application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
Respectfully submitted,
STAR2STAR COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
Katherine E. Barker Marshall
Potomac Law Group, PLLC
1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Suite 700
Washington, DC 20004
Telephone: (202) 792-6422
E-mail: kmarshall@potomaclaw.com
Date: June 8, 2020

Exhibit A
Agreement with Underlying CLEC
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459
A copy of the Agreement is filed under seal.

Exhibit B
Interconnection Agreements
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459
Star2Star Communications, LLC hereby submits copies of its underlying carrier’s
interconnection agreement, filed under seal.

Exhibit C
Managerial Information
Star2Star’s key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the identified
personnel are being or have been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory
agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
NORMAN WORTHINGTON
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman
Norman Worthington is a serial entrepreneur/investor and founder or co-founder of more than a dozen
companies. One of Norman's earliest ventures was Software Toolworks, one of the first highly successful
consumer software companies. Several of the original Software Toolworks titles are among the all-time
best-selling products in their categories, including Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! and the Chessmaster
series. These titles are still available today, and each has sold tens of millions of copies. Software
Toolworks became a public company in the early 90s and was subsequently purchased and taken private.
It was acquired by Mattel in 1999.
In 1993, Norman entered a joint venture with Computer Associates (CA), the world's 4th largest software
company. The joint venture developed and successfully launched the world's first Enterprise Application
Integration system. This product, called Opal, integrated the back office systems of Fortune 1000
companies and made the information accessible over the Internet. It was used by Wal-Mart, among many
others, as the backbone of their hugely successful supply-chain extension strategy in the late 90s. Opal
was the featured product of CA's 1995 annual report. In 1996, CA purchased Norman's interest in the
joint venture.
Norman received his bachelor of arts from New College of Florida and a law degree from Northwestern
School of Law, Lewis & Clark College. Since 1997, he has acted as investor, advisor and board member
for many technology-based startup companies.
MICHELLE ACCARDI
President and Chief Revenue Officer
As President and Chief Revenue Officer, Michelle's mission is to inspire and maintain growth for the
company and its partners and ensure that customers get significant value from Star2Star's products and
services. Michelle works with the executive leadership team of Star2Star to define long-term vision and
operational strategy to assure that growth and market potential are achieved.
In pursuit of this goal, Michelle sees as a primary function of her role to engage and listen to employees,
partners, and customers to gather information needed to keep Star2Star on the optimal strategic path. In
this way, customer success is assured as employees and partners are inspired to deliver an excellent
product and experience with every interaction.

In her previous position as the company's Chief Operating Officer, Michelle used these same methods to
develop new processes and systems to streamline business interactions. She grew departmental leadership
and expanded Star2Star's support capabilities to better serve customer and partner needs.
Michelle is also regarded as a technical thought leader on next-generation marketing and communications
strategies. Her book, Agile Marketing, chronicles her experiences applying agile methodology to the
marketing process for better results and faster time to value. She brought her substantial executive-level
and tech industry experience with her to Star2Star, having driven innovative, agile, revenue-producing
field and channel marketing programs for one of the world's most relied upon technology companies,
Computer Associates.
In 2016, Michelle was named to the CRN 2016 Power 100 – an elite subset of CRN's prestigious annual
Women of the Channel list – for the second year in a row. In 2015, she was named a CRN Channel Chief,
an annual list representing select leaders in the IT channel who hold direct responsibility for driving
growth and revenue through the reseller channel. In 2014, Michelle was honored to be named
Businesswoman of the Year by the Tampa Bay Business Journal.
Michelle holds an MBA from American Intercontinental University and earned her bachelor's degree
from the University of South Florida.
SERGEY GALCHENKO
Chief Technology Officer
Sergey Galchenko brings to Star2Star over fifteen years of executive level experience in VoIP technology
companies. Sergey was a key technology leader in two successful VoIP startups, and spent the last two
years in a corporate environment. Sergey brings to the table a wide range of hands-on experience in VoIP,
networking and enterprise technologies, as well as an expertise in business process design and
improvement. In the past, Sergey has served as the Director of Technology for Jo-Ann Stores, Inc., CTO
at Broadvox, and Manager of Network Design and Planning at Nexbell. Sergey has an MBA from
Myers University and a Masters in Computer Science from Don State Technical University.
BOBBY MOHANTY
Chief Product Officer
Bobby is a visionary and entrepreneurial product leader bringing over 20 years of experience in creating
and launching communication, collaboration, and integration technologies across many industry verticals.
As Chief Product Officer, Bobby is responsible for driving product strategy, roadmaps, and innovation to
ensure sustained long-term growth.
Prior to joining Star2Star, Bobby most recently served a second term as SVP & GM of Products at
Vertical Communications, after a successful 7-year first term as VP of Engineering and Product
Management. At Vertical, Bobby oversaw Vertical's product vision, strategy, and go-to-market, and was
instrumental in conceptualizing and launching Vertical's flagship Unified Communication platform
(Wave IP), award winning UC Application (ViewPoint), and industry winning vertical market solutions.

In his earlier roles, Bobby served as Sr. Director of Product Management at Avaya where he was
responsible for driving Avaya's UC Application portfolio, co-founded and served as VP of Engineering at
ipSEAL which provided service solutions to telecom carriers, and also served as Director of Engineering
at Frontier Communications (later acquired by Global Crossings) where he was instrumental in launching
their VoIP products including the first Carrier VoIP backbone in the US.
Bobby earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of North
Carolina at Charlotte.
BRUCE ILLES
Chief Legal Officer
Bruce Illes brings over 25 years of experience to Star2Star. Bruce started his legal practice in Cleveland,
Ohio representing small and medium sized businesses and entrepreneurs. During that time Bruce
represented several developers and other real estate entrepreneurs. He also represented an international
company based in New Delhi, India in the acquisition of several U.S.-based businesses. Other interesting
transactions from his years in private practice included the sale of a genuine Antonio Stradivari violin
played by a member of the Cleveland Orchestra and the leasing of recently retired NASCAR race cars for
use by a driving school. In 2003, during his last year of private practice, Bruce was named an Ohio Super
Lawyer by Super Lawyers magazine.
Bruce relocated to Florida in 2004 to join a regional commercial construction and development firm. As
general counsel he was responsible for all construction and development related diligence and contract
documents, authoring in excess of $250M in contracts.
Since joining Star2Star in mid-2011, Bruce has become involved in all aspects of the Company's business
and corporate governance. He has been intimately involved in the documents for our channel partners
and most recently has been involved in the extensive revision of the subscriber agreement and channel
partner agreements related to our new 3.0 pricing structure. In addition to our sales-related documents,
Bruce touches almost everything legal for the Company, from vendor contracts and carrier agreements, to
employment related matters, defending intellectual property rights, and internal governance documents.
Bruce has a degree in Business Management from Kent State University and a Juris Doctorate from
Cleveland-Marshall College of Law. Bruce holds a law license in both Florida and Ohio.
GRAHAM D. POTTER
Chief Knowledge Officer
Graham D. Potter's responsibilities cut across virtually all of Star2Star's business operations. Graham is
responsible for the product release management process within the company, including competitive
analysis, product planning, positioning, branding and product launches. He is the creator of Star2Star's
acclaimed training program, as well as the majority of the company's user guides, how-to guides, and
video tutorials. Graham brings extensive traditional telecom expertise and understanding to Star2Star.

A native of the UK, Graham has more than 40 years' experience delivering exemplary service and support
to customers and technology partners around the globe. He has led highly effective service organizations
for such companies as British Telecom, Aspect Telecommunications, SDX Business Systems (acquired
by Lucent/Avaya), and Rockwell FirstPoint Contact. During his tenure leading the customer service
organization at Rockwell, his team won awards from Pelorus Research and Contact Center World as a
global winner of Best After Sales Service.
DAVID PORTNOWITZ
Chief Marketing Officer
As a 14-year marketing executive, David Portnowitz leads Star2Star's creative, digital, and co-op
marketing efforts as well as the Training team. David has spearheaded Star2Star's efforts to enhance
Star2Star's marketing team which serves and responds to partners and customers. Under his leadership,
the Star2Star Marketing team has been able to operate as an in-house agency for over 500 Partners in all
verticals, delivering personalized service and customized materials for a variety of projects. The team also
works with the Training & Sales departments to deliver more unified Partner enablement tools and
collateral. Prior to handling Star2Star's business-to-business marketing needs, David worked in business-
to-customer marketing at IMG Performance, a division of IMG Worldwide, where he was the Senior
Manager of Digital Media. In this role, David started and led the digital marketing efforts which
transformed how the company did business online. He was also responsible for the marketing of several
of their product lines and launched their robust social media presence.
Originally from Palm Bay, Florida, David moved to Sarasota in 2006 after earning a Masters of Science
in Sports Management from the University of Florida, where he also earned his undergraduate degree.
Throughout his career David has incorporated the essential lessons sports impart, such as leadership, team
work, and accountability, into his life and work. He applies that knowledge daily in pursuit of new
synergies between technology, media, and people.
WILLIAM M. ROGERS
Member of the Board of Directors and Government Contract Officer
William Rogers is the Founder, Chairman, President and CEO of Teleco, Inc. as well as a member of the
Board of Directors and Managing Director of National Accounts and Government Account Relationships.
Rogers has also worked with numerous other companies including American Phone Centers Inc., where
he was the Founder and Chairman of the Board, Real Estate Unlimited, LLC, where he was Investor and
Managing Member, Omnicall, LLC, where he was Founder and Chairman of the Board, and Corporate
Telemanagement Group, LLC, where he was an Investor and the Co-Founder. He also founded Rogers
Stereo, Inc., which he left in 1982.
He graduated from Temple University with a Bachelor of Science in Business Education in 1969 and
received his Masters Degree in Business Education from Hofstra University in 1973.

Exhibit D
Corporate Structure

Blue Face Holdings Limited Star2Star Holdings, LLC
A company incorporated in Ireland under
A Delaware limited liability company
company registration number 613958 5% 95%
formed on January 10, 2015.
formed on October 24, 2017.
StarBlue Inc.
A Delaware “C” corporation
incorporated on December 4, 2017.
100%
Star2Star
Communications, LLC
A Delaware limited liability
company formed on
December 16, 2004 as
BitceptorTechnologies,
LLC
4838-7891-0374 v.8

DECLARATION
Bruce H. Illes, under penalty of perjury deposes and states as follows:
1. My name is Bruce H. Illes. I am the Chief Legal Officer of Star2Star Communications,
LLC.
2. I have reviewed the information set forth in the Company's Application to Obtain
Numbering Resources to which this declaration is attached.
3. The statements set forth in Star2Star's Application are true and correct to the best
of my knowledge, information and belief.
~,~
Star2Star Communications, LLC
Dated: June_£_, 2020
4813-5533-4078, V. 4