INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTERCONNECTION,
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS, ANCILLARY SERVICES,
AND RESALE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
between
Qwest Corporation
and
360networks (USA) inc.
FOR THE STATE OF WASHINGTON
AGREEMENT NUMBER
CDS-051216-0004

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.1.3.4 It is the responsibility of either Party to inform its End User Customers of
service impacting impairment that may result in discontinuance of service as soon as the
Party receives notice of same.
5.1.4 Each Party is solely responsible for the services it provides to its End User
Customers and to other Telecommunications Carriers. This provision is not intended to limit the
liability of either Party for its failure to perform under this Agreement.
5.1.5 The Parties shall work cooperatively to minimize fraud associated with third-
number billed calls, calling card calls, and any other services related to this Agreement.
5.1.6 Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either Party from seeking to recover the
costs and expenses, if any, it may incur in (a) complying with and implementing its obligations
under this Agreement, the Act, and the rules, regulations and orders of the FCC and the
Commission, and (b) the development, modification, technical installation and maintenance of
any systems or other infrastructure which it requires to comply with and to continue complying
with its responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Qwest shall not assess any charges against CLEC for services, facilities, Unbundled Network
Elements, ancillary services and other related work or services covered by this Agreement,
unless the charges are expressly provided for in this Agreement. All services and capabilities
currently provided hereunder (including resold Telecommunications Services, Unbundled
Network Elements, UNE Combinations and ancillary services) and all new and additional
services or Unbundled Network Elements to be provided hereunder, shall be priced in
accordance with all applicable provisions of the Act and the rules and orders of the Federal
Communications Commission and orders of the Commission.
5.2 Term of Agreement
5.2.1 This Agreement shall become effective on the date of Commission Approval
(“Effective Date”). This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties for a term of three (3)
years and shall expire on March 31, 2009.
5.2.2 Upon expiration of the term of this Agreement, this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect until superseded by a successor agreement in accordance with this Section
5.2.2. Any Party may request negotiation o f a successor agreement by written notice to the
other Party no earlier than one hundred sixty (160) Days prior to the expiration of the term, or
the Agreement shall renew on a month to month basis. The date of this notice will be the
starting point for the negotiation window under Section 252 of the Act. This Agreement will
terminate on the date a successor agreement is approved by the Commission.
5.2.2.1 Prior to the conclusion of the term specified above, CLEC may obtain
Interconnection services under the terms and conditions of a then-existing SGAT or
agreement to become effective at the conclusion of the term or prior to the conclusion of
the term if CLEC so chooses.
5.3 Proof of Authorization
5.3.1 Each Party shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining Proof of
Authorization (POA) as required by applicable federal and state law, as amended from time to
time.
December 16, 2005/msd/360networks/WA/CDS-051216-0004
Qwest Fourteen State Template Version 1.8, May 11, 2005 29