Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone, Applicant )
) WC Docket No.
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) )
of the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF WOW! INTERNET, CABLE AND PHONE
FOR AUHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone (“WOW!” or “Applicant”), pursuant to Section
52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain
numbering resources as described below in operation as a provider of Internet Protocol Enabled
Services (IPES) utilizing Voice-over-Internet Protocol (VoIP) technology. Under the
Commission’s Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain numbering
resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Authorization may be
obtained upon application to the Commission. The application is to include the information
detailed in Sections 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s Rules. WOW! hereby requests
the Commission grant it that authorization. Applicant attests that it has a Federal Registration
Number (FRN), and that it shall apply for a IPES Operating Company Code (OCN) from the
National Exchange Carrier Association (NECA) following grant of this Application and that the
OCN will be published in the Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG) and the Number Porting
Administrative Company (NPAC) to support the numbering assignments and telephone number
porting activities.
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015).
1

Further, WOW! has adopted Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
protection standards and the required certification filings are made annually.
Applicant is currently qualified to do business in multiple states and is in good standing
in each state. Exhibit B List of Operating Entities is a list of those states and associated entity
names utilized to provide service today predominately under the doing business as name of
WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone. Applicant request grant of this Application in the name of
WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone.
Applicant provides the following information in support of this Application:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
(A) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone
Address: 6600 Hank Avenue
City: Evansville
State, Zip Code: Indiana, 47715
Telephone: 866-496-9669
Qualified Personnel representing this Application:
Henry Hryckiewicz, CTO
Ryan Mitchell, Vice President, Network Product & Services
Scotty DeLong, Senior Manager, Business Management
(B) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
WOW! acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states.
WOW! also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
2

(C) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
WOW! acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least thirty (30) days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
(D) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
WOW! is fully capable of providing service within sixty (60) days of the numbering
resources activation date. WOW! has developed porting processes to enable carriers to submit
porting requests and WOW! personnel have extensive experience performing number porting and
block code activation activities. WOW! currently provides services to customers as a Competitive
Local Exchange Carrier (CLEC). WOW! has an agreement in place with its CLEC partner to
route traffic to and from the carriers and service providers providing service in the areas in which
WOW! intends to provide VoIP service using its IPES OCN. As proof of its facilities readiness,
WOW! has attached to this Application Exhibit A, a confidential agreement between WOW! and
its carrier partner stipulating that the carrier partner will provide switching and transport services
for traffic associated with WOW!’s numbering and, in that connection, provide connectivity to
the PSTN for inbound calls to and outbound calls from WOW!’s numbers. WOW! is requesting
confidential treatment under the Commission’s rules for this Exhibit and has filed Exhibit A
separately.
(E) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
WOW! certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan
and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17
3

and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911
obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
(F) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
WOW! certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, and is led by a strong, experienced team of individuals
with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry. Senior personnel all
have numerous years of experience in the telecommunications industry and experience in the
provisioning of telecommunications and telecommunications-related services and lead a team of
network, telephony, and customer service centric personnel who are highly qualified to manage
operations at WOW!
Applicant has a fully integrated back-office support system with the ability to schedule
and process Local Number Portability (LNP) orders from customers and carriers and has an
experienced provisioning department capable of handling bulk number ports with over fifteen
(15) years LNP experience as a CLEC. WOW! has an agreement in place with a CLEC partner
to exchange traffic to and from those carriers and service providers providing service in the
areas in which WOW! intends to serve. Applicant is in good regulatory standing with the FCC.
WOW!'s key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the
personnel identified or named in this Application are being or have been investigated by the
Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law,
rule, or order.
Blair Day SVP, Network & Product Engineering
Don Schena SVP, Chief Customer Experience Officer
Dean Johnson Director, NOC
Mark Veyette SVP, IT Operations
4

(G) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Applicant certifies that no party to this Application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Applicant will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this Application, and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within thirty (30) days of any changes. WOW! will also
furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when
requesting numbers in that state.
CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, WOW! respectfully
requests the Commission grant this Application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources and to operate under an IPES Operating Company Number.
Respectfully submitted,
Terri K. Firestein
/s/
Terri K. Firestein
Sr. Director, CCG Consulting
Regulatory Consultant to Applicant
10806 Garrison Hollow Rd.
Clear Spring, MD 21722
301-788-6889
tfireccg@myactv.net
5

EXHIBIT A
CONFIDENTIAL CARRIER PARTNER AGREEMENT
(submitted pursuant to Confidentiality Request under 47 C.F.R. §§ 0.457 and 0.459)
6

EXHIBIT B
WOW! List of Operating Entities
7

WideOpenWest Inc.
Doing Business As (DBA) / Assumed Names
Entity Listing
State of DBA in
Entity Name DBA Name
Incorporation State
Anne Arundel Broadband, LLC Delaware Broadstripe MD
Anne Arundel Broadband, LLC Delaware WOW! Business MD
Anne Arundel Broadband, LLC Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone MD
Globe Telecommunications, Inc. Georgia WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone GA
Globe Telecommunications, Inc. Georgia WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
ITC Globe, Inc. Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
Knology Broadband Inc Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone GA
Knology Data Center Services, Inc. Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone FL
Knology Inc. Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone GA
Knology Inc. Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
Knology of Alabama, Inc. Alabama WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
Knology of Central Florida, Inc. Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone FL
Knology of Columbus, Inc. Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone GA
Knology of Columbus, Inc. Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
Knology of Florida LLC Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone FL
Knology of Georgia, Inc. Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone GA
Knology of Huntsville, Inc. Alabama WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
Knology of Knoxville, Inc. Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone TN
Knology of Montgomery, Inc. Alabama WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
Knology of the Valley, Inc. Georgia WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone GA
Knology of the Valley, Inc. Georgia WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
Knology Total Communications Inc. Alabama WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
Sigecom LLC Indiana WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone IL
Sigecom LLC Indiana WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone OH
Sigecom LLC Indiana WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone MI
Valley Telephone Company LLC Alabama WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL
WideOpenWest Cleveland LLC Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone OH
WideOpenWest Illinois LLC Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone IL
WideOpenWest Illinois LLC Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone IN
WideOpenWest Illinois LLC Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone NJ
WideOpenWest Michigan LLC Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone MI
WideOpenWest Ohio LLC Delaware WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone OH
Wiregrass Telecom, Inc. Alabama WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone AL