Customer Name: Peerless Network of California, LLC
Peerless 2009 ICA 2
Table of Contents 3
General Terms and Conditions 6
Signature Page 57
Attachment 02 - ISP - Network Interconnection 58
Attachment 03 - Structure Access 100
Attachment 04 - Local Number Portability and Numbering 133
Attachment 05 - 911 - E911 141
Attachment 06 - Customer Information Services 149
Attachment 07 - Operations Support Systems 162
Attachment 08 - Bona Fide Request 176
Attachment 09 - Performance Measurements 180
Attachment 10SW - ABT - Billing - Collecting - Remitting and Clearinghouse 184
Attachment 10MWSE - ABT-Non-Intercompany Settlements 190
Attachment 10W - ABT - Data Exchange 194
Attachment 11 - Daily Usage File 202
Attachment 12 - Collocation 205
Attachment 13 - 251c3 UNES 240
Attachment 14 - xDSL Loops 265
Attachment 15 - Coordinated Hot Cut 270
Attachment 16 - Resale 274
Pricing Schedule 280
CA Pricing Schedule - UNE Rec ISP 285
CA Pricing Schedule - UNE Non-Rec 292
CA Pricing Schedule - Collocation 296
Page 1 oNf o4t9e7: This page is not part of the actual signed contract/amendment, but is present for record keeping purposes only.

General Terms and Conditions/AT&T-22STATE
Page 4 of 51
Peerless Network
Version: 3Q08 – CLEC ICA 09/10/08
INTERCONNECTION AND/OR RESALE AGREEMENT
UNDER SECTIONS 251 AND 252 OF THE TELECOMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1996
This Interconnection and/or Resale Agreement under Sections 251 and 252 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996
(the Agreement), by and between one or more of the AT&T Inc. owned ILECs: BellSouth Telecommunications, Inc., d/b/a
AT&T Alabama, AT&T Florida, AT&T Georgia, AT&T Kentucky, AT&T Louisiana, AT&T Mississippi, AT&T North
Carolina, AT&T South Carolina, AT&T Tennessee; Illinois Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Illinois, Indiana Bell
Telephone Company Incorporated d/b/a AT&T Indiana, Michigan Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Michigan,
Nevada Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Nevada, The Ohio Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Ohio, Pacific
Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T California, The Southern New England Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T
Connecticut, Southwestern Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Arkansas, AT&T Kansas, AT&T Missouri, AT&T
Oklahoma, AT&T Texas and Wisconsin Bell, Inc. d/b/a AT&T Wisconsin, (only to the extent that the agent for each such
AT&T-owned ILEC executes this Agreement for such AT&T Inc. owned ILEC and only to the extent that such AT&T Inc.
owned ILEC provides Telephone Exchange Services as an ILEC in each of the State(s) listed below) and Peerless Network of
California, LLC (“CLEC” also referenced as “Peerless Network”), (a California Limited Liability Company), shall apply to the
State of California.
WHEREAS, CLEC represents that it is, or intends to become, a provider of Telephone Exchange Service to
residential and business End Users offered exclusively over its own Telephone Exchange Service facilities or predominantly
over its own Telephone Exchange Service facilities in combination with the use of 251(c)(3) Unbundled Network Elements
purchased from other entity(ies) and the Resale of Telecommunications Services of other carriers.
WHEREAS, the Parties want to Interconnect their networks at mutually agreed upon Points of Interconnection to
provide Telephone Exchange Services and Exchange Access to residential and business End Users over their respective
Telephone Exchange Service facilities in the state or states which are subject to this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the Parties are entering into this Agreement to set forth the respective obligations of the Parties and the
terms and conditions under which the Parties will Interconnect their networks and facilities and provide to each other services
as required by the Telecommunications Act of 1996 as specifically set forth herein; and
WHEREAS, for purposes of this Agreement, CLEC intends to operate where one or more of the AT&T Inc. entities,
hereinafter referred to as, BellSouth Telecommunications, Inc., d/b/a AT&T Alabama, AT&T Florida, AT&T Georgia,
AT&T Kentucky, AT&T Louisiana, AT&T Mississippi, AT&T North Carolina, AT&T South Carolina, AT&T Tennessee;
Illinois Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Illinois, Indiana Bell Telephone Company Incorporated d/b/a AT&T
Indiana, Michigan Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Michigan, Nevada Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T
Nevada, The Ohio Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Ohio, Pacific Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T California,
The Southern New England Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Connecticut, Southwestern Bell Telephone Company
d/b/a AT&T Arkansas, AT&T Kansas, AT&T Missouri, AT&T Oklahoma, AT&T Texas and Wisconsin Bell, Inc. d/b/a
AT&T Wisconsin, the Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier(s) and CLEC, a Competitive Local Exchange Carrier, has or, prior
to the provisioning of any Interconnection, access to 251(c)(3) Unbundled Network Elements, Telecommunications Services or
any other functions, facilities, products or services hereunder, will have been granted authority to provide certain local
Telephone Exchange Services in the foregoing ILEC Service areas by the appropriate State Commission(s);
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
Page 9 of 497 CCCS 9 of 307

General Terms and Conditions/AT&T-22STATE
Page 22 of 51
Peerless Network
Version: 3Q08 – CLEC ICA 09/10/08
appropriate charges to AT&T-22STATE for each service order submitted to accomplish a Company Code
Change. In addition, CLEC shall submit a new OSQ to update any OS/DA Rate Reference information and
Branding pursuant to the rates specified in the Pricing Schedule to this Agreement. In addition, CLEC shall
pay any and all charges to AT&T-22STATE required for re-stenciling, re-engineering, changing locks and
any other work necessary with respect to Collocation, as determined on an individual case basis.
7.5 Assignment of any Interconnection Service:
7.5.1 Any assignment or transfer of any Interconnection Resale Service, 251(c)(3) UNEs, function, facility, product
or Service provisioned pursuant to this Agreement without the transfer or the assignment of this Agreement
shall be deemed a CLEC to CLEC Mass Migration. The CLEC that is a Party to this Agreement shall
provide AT&T-22STATE with ninety (90) calendar days advance written Notice of any CLEC to CLEC Mass
Migration. CLEC’s written Notice shall include the anticipated effective date of the assignment or transfer.
The acquiring CLEC must cure any outstanding charges associated with any Interconnection Service to be
transferred. In addition, the acquiring CLEC may be required to tender additional assurance of payment if
requested under the terms of the acquiring CLEC’s agreement.
7.5.2 Both CLECs involved in any CLEC to CLEC Mass Migration shall comply with all Applicable Law relating
thereto, including but not limited to all FCC and state Commission rules relating to notice(s) to End Users.
The acquiring CLEC shall be responsible for issuing all service orders required to migrate any
Interconnection, Resale Service, 251(c)(3) UNEs, function, facility, product or service provided hereunder.
The appropriate service order charge or administration fee (for Interconnection) will apply as specified in the
Pricing Schedule to the acquiring CLEC’s agreement. The acquiring CLEC shall also submit a new
Operator Services Questionnaire (OSQ) to update any OS/DA Rate Reference information and Branding
pursuant to the rates specified in the Pricing Schedule to the acquiring CLEC’s agreement. In addition, the
acquiring CLEC shall pay any and all charges required for re-stenciling, re-engineering, changing locks and
any other work necessary with respect to Collocation, as determined on an individual case basis.
7.6 Project Coordination:
7.6.1 AT&T-22STATE will provide project management support to effectuate changes of the types identified in
Section 7.5 above.
7.6.2 AT&T-22STATE will provide project management support to minimize any possible service outages during
any CLEC to CLEC Mass Migration. Should AT&T-22STATE’s most current version of LSOR or ASOR
guidelines not support the required order activity, AT&T-22STATE will issue service orders at the manual
rate, as specified in the Pricing Schedule to this Agreement, based upon type of service provided, and on
the condition that CLEC provides to AT&T-22STATE any and all information AT&T-22STATE reasonably
requests to effectuate such changes.
7.7 Referral Announcement
7.7.1 When an End User changes its service provider from AT&T-22STATE to CLEC or from CLEC to AT&T-
22STATE and does not retain its original telephone number, the Party formerly providing service to such
End User shall furnish a referral announcement (“Referral Announcement”) on the original telephone
number that specifies the End User’s new telephone number in accordance with any applicable state laws,
rules and tariffs.
8.0 Effective Date, Term and Termination
8.1 Effective Date:
8.1.1 In AT&T-22STATE, with the exception of AT&T OHIO, the Effective Date of this Agreement shall be ten
(10) calendar days after the Commission approves this Agreement under Section 252(e) of the Act or,
absent such Commission approval, the date this Agreement is deemed approved under Section 252(e)(4) of
Page 27 of 497 CCCS 27 of 307

General Terms and Conditions/AT&T-22STATE
Page 23 of 51
Peerless Network
Version: 3Q08 – CLEC ICA 09/10/08
the Act. In AT&T OHIO, based on the PUC-OH, the Agreement is Effective upon filing and is deemed
approved by operation of law on the 91st day after filing.
8.2 Term:
8.2.1 Unless terminated for breach (including nonpayment), the term of this Agreement shall commence upon the
Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire on April 11, 2012 (the “Initial Term”).
8.3 Termination for Nonperformance or Breach:
8.3.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, either Party may terminate this Agreement and the
provision of any Interconnection Services provided pursuant to this Agreement, at the sole discretion of the
terminating Party, in the event that the other Party fails to perform a material obligation or breaches a
material term of this Agreement and the other Party fails to cure such nonperformance or breach within
forty-five (45) calendar days after written Notice thereof. If the nonperforming Party fails to cure such
nonperformance or breach within the forty-five (45) calendar day period provided for within the original
Notice, then the terminating Party will provide a subsequent written Notice of the termination of this
Agreement and such termination shall take effect immediately upon delivery of written Notice to the other
Party.
8.3.2 If, at any time during the term of this Agreement, AT&T-22STATE is unable to contact CLEC pursuant to the
Notices provision hereof or any other contact information provided by CLEC under this Agreement, and
there are no active services being provisioned under this Agreement, then AT&T-22STATE may, at its
discretion, terminate this Agreement, without any liability whatsoever, upon sending of notification to CLEC
pursuant to the Notices section hereof.
8.4 Termination of Agreement after initial term expiration:
8.4.1 Where CLEC has no End Users or is no longer purchasing any services under this Agreement, CLEC may
terminate the Agreement by providing “Notice of Termination” to AT&T-22STATE at any time after the initial
term of this Agreement. After termination the Parties’ liability for termination of this Agreement shall be
limited to obligations under the Survival 40.1 below of this GTC.
8.4.2 Where CLEC has End Users and/or is purchasing Interconnection Services under this Agreement and either
Party seeks to terminate this Agreement, CLEC shall cooperate in good faith to effect an orderly transition of
service under this Agreement. CLEC shall be solely responsible (from a financial, operational and
administrative standpoint) to ensure that its End Users are transitioned to a new LEC prior to the expiration
or termination date of this Agreement.
8.4.3 If at any time within one hundred and eighty (180) days or any time thereafter of the expiration of the Term,
if either Party serves “Notice of Expiration,” CLEC shall have ten (10) calendar days to provide AT&T-
22STATE written confirmation to the Notice of Expiration indicating if CLEC wishes to pursue a successor
agreement with AT&T-22STATE or terminate its Agreement. CLEC shall identify the action to be taken in
each of the applicable state(s). If CLEC wishes to pursue a successor agreement with AT&T-22STATE,
CLEC shall attach to its written confirmation or Notice of Expiration, a written request to commence
negotiations with AT&T-22STATE under Sections 251/252 of the Act and identify each of the state(s) to
which the successor agreement will apply. Upon receipt of CLEC’s Section 252(a)(1) request, the Parties
shall commence good faith negotiations for a successor agreement.
8.4.4 If the Parties are in “Active Negotiations” (negotiations within the statutory clock established in the Act under
Section 252(b)) or have filed for arbitration with the Commission upon expiration date of the Agreement
AT&T-22STATE shall continue to offer services to CLEC pursuant to the rates, terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement until a successor agreement becomes effective between the Parties. AT&T-
22STATE’s obligation to provide services under this Agreement beyond the expiration date conditions upon
the Parties adherence to the timeframes established within Section 252(b) of the Act. If CLEC does not
Page 28 of 497 CCCS 28 of 307

General Terms and Conditions/AT&T-22STATE
Page 24 of 51
Peerless Network
Version: 3Q08 – CLEC ICA 09/10/08
adhere to said timeframes or CLEC withdraws its arbitration or seeks an extension of time or continuance of
such arbitration with AT&T-22STATE’s consent, AT&T-22STATE may provide Notice to CLEC that all
services provided thereafter shall be pursuant to the rates, terms and conditions set forth in AT&T-
22STATE’s then current standard interconnection agreement (“Generic”) as found on AT&T’s CLEC Online
website.
8.4.5 Either on or following the expiration date of this Agreement, if the Parties have not entered into a new
agreement or are not in Active Negotiations as described in Section 8.4.4 above, then upon written Notice to
CLEC by AT&T-22STATE, AT&T-22STATE may continue to offer services to CLEC pursuant to the rates,
terms and conditions set forth in AT&T-22STATE’s then current Generic found at the AT&T CLEC Online
website. At any time thereafter, the Parties may initiate negotiations for a new agreement by providing a
written Notice under Section 252 to the other Party.
9.0 End User Fraud
9.1 AT&T-22STATE shall not be liable to CLEC for any fraud associated with CLEC’s End User account, including 1+
IntraLATA toll, ported numbers, and ABT.
9.2 The Parties agree to cooperate with one another to investigate, minimize, and take corrective action in cases of fraud
involving 1+ IntraLATA toll calls, ABT, and ported numbers. The Parties' fraud minimization procedures are to be
cost-effective and implemented so as not to unduly burden or harm one Party as compared to the other.
9.3 In cases of suspected fraudulent activity by an End User, at a minimum, the cooperation referenced in Section 9.1
above will include providing to the other Party, upon request, information concerning End Users who terminate
services to that Party without paying all outstanding charges. The Party seeking such information is responsible for
securing the End User's permission to obtain such information.
9.4 AT&T-22STATE will use a Fraud Monitoring System to determine suspected occurrences of ABT-related fraud and
will provide notification messages to CLEC on suspected occurrences of ABT-related fraud on CLEC accounts stored
in the applicable LIDB.
9.5 CLEC understands that Fraud Monitoring System alerts only identify potential occurrences of fraud. CLEC
understands and agrees that it will need to perform its own investigations to determine whether a fraud situation
actually exists. CLEC understands and agrees that it will also need to determine what, if any, action CLEC should
take as a result of a Fraud Monitoring System alert.
9.6 The Parties will provide contact names and numbers to each other for the exchange of Fraud Monitoring System alert
notification.
10.0 Assurance of Payment
10.1 Upon request by AT&T-22STATE, CLEC will provide AT&T-22STATE with the AT&T-22STATE Credit Profile form
and provide information to AT&T-22STATE regarding CLEC’s credit and financial condition.
10.2 Assurance of payment may be requested by AT&T-22STATE:
10.2.1 If based on AT&T-22STATE’s analysis of the AT&T-22STATE Credit Profile and other relevant information
regarding CLEC’s credit and financial condition, there is an impairment of the credit, financial health, or
credit worthiness of CLEC. Such impairment will be determined from information available from Third Party
financial sources; or
10.2.2 CLEC fails to timely pay a bill rendered to CLEC by AT&T-22STATE (except such portion of a bill that is
subject to a good faith, bona fide dispute and as to which CLEC has complied with all requirements set forth
in Section 12.4 below); and/or
Page 29 of 497 CCCS 29 of 307

Page 57 of 497 CCCS 57 of 307