Agreement Number: 18-PeerlessFTR-001
AGREEMENT FOR
LOCAL INTERCONNECTION
between
Frontier Telephone of Rochester, Inc.
and
Peerless Network of New York, LLC

Agreement Number: 18-PeerlessFTR-001
AGREEMENT FOR
LOCAL INTERCONNECTION
27th
This Agreement For Local Interconnection (“Agreement”) made this _____day of _M__a_r_c_h____, 2018, is
by and between Frontier Telephone of Rochester, Inc., a New York corporation, having its principal place
of business at 401 Merritt 7, Norwalk, CT 06851 (“Frontier”) and Peerless Network of New York, LLC, a
New York limited liability company, having its principal place of business at 222 South Riverside Plaza,
Suite 2730, Chicago, IL 60606 (“Carrier”). Frontier and Carrier may also be referred to herein singularly
as a “Party” or collectively as “the Parties”.
SECTION 1. RECITALS AND PRINCIPLES
Frontier is a telecommunications company authorized to provide telecommunications services in the
State of New York; and
Carrier is a telecommunications company authorized by the Commission to provide local exchange
telecommunications services in the State of New York; and
The Parties have in good faith negotiated, and agreed on local Interconnection terms and conditions as
set forth below; and
In consideration of the mutual provisions contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Carrier and Frontier hereby covenant and
agree as follows:
SECTION 2. GENERAL DEFINITIONS
Except as otherwise specified herein, the following definitions will apply to all sections contained in this
Agreement. Additional definitions that are specific to the matters covered in a particular section may
appear in that section.
2.1. Access Service is a service that connects interexchange carriers to their End Users located
within a local access and transport area (LATA). Access service is used in originating and terminating
intraLATA/interLATA toll telecommunications.
2.2. Access Service Request (ASR) means the industry standard forms and supporting
documentation used for ordering Access Services. The ASR will be used to identify the specific trunking
and facilities request for Interconnection.
2.3. Act means the Telecommunications Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.
2.4. Automatic Number Identification (ANI) refers to the number transmitted through the network
identifying the calling party.
2.5. CLLI Codes means Common Language Location Identifier Codes
2.6 Commission means the governing state regulatory commission, board or authority (PSC, PUC,
etc.).
2.7. Competitive Local Exchange Carrier (CLEC) means a telephone company certified by the
Commission, for Frontier’s franchised area, to provide local exchange service within Frontier's franchised
area, and which has a Local Exchange Carrier Tariff approved by the Commission.
Page2
Version: 7/22/99
Revised 02/02/2009

Agreement Number: 18-PeerlessFTR-001
rules, regulations or orders become effective, then the Parties shall resolve their dispute under the
applicable procedures set forth in the Dispute Resolution Section of this Agreement.
10.3 The Parties acknowledge that terms of this Agreement were established pursuant to FCC and
Commission orders. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed an admission by the Parties regarding
the interpretation or effect of these rules or orders or an admission by either party that the existing rules
or order shall not be changed, vacated dismissed or modified.
10.4 The Parties jointly agree to cooperate in the filing of this Interconnection Agreement and share
equally the expenses associated with obtaining Commission approval.
SECTION 11. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and supersedes prior agreements between the Parties
relating to the subject matter contained herein and merges all prior discussions between them, and neither
Party will be bound by any definition, condition, provision, representation, warranty, covenant or promise
other than as expressly stated in this Agreement or as is contemporaneously or subsequently set forth in
writing and executed by a duly authorized officer or representative of the Party to be bound thereby.
SECTION 12. TERM OF AGREEMENT
12.1 This Agreement will become effective upon the first business day following the date this
Agreement has been approved by the Commission and will continue for a period of one (1) year unless
terminated earlier under the conditions set forth herein. This Agreement will be automatically renewed for
successive periods of six (6) months after the initial term unless either Party provides the other Party with
no less than ninety (90) day’s prior, written notification of, in the case of Frontier, its intent to terminate
this Agreement, or, in the case of either Party, its desire to renegotiate at the end of the initial or any
successive period. If Carrier does not respond to Frontier’s written notification of the intent to terminate
the Agreement prior to the expiration of the Agreement term, the Agreement will terminate and not renew
at the end of the Agreement term. Either Party may send a request to renegotiate this Agreement upon its
termination and the Parties intend that the negotiation and arbitration processes of the Act will be
applicable to such a request. The date of the notice to negotiate a successor agreement will be the
starting point for the negotiation window under Section 252 of the Act. The Parties intend that a
renegotiated or arbitrated Agreement will be effective as of the date of termination of this Agreement and
any new negotiated or arbitrated rates will be subject to true-up as of the termination date of this
Agreement.
12.2 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement each Party shall promptly pay all amounts
(including any late payment charges) owed under this Agreement.
12.3 Termination upon Ordering and Implementation Inactivity. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, Frontier may terminate this Agreement in the event Carrier has
not (a) placed any initial orders for any of the services to be provided pursuant to this
Agreement and (b) implemented any said services to Carrier customers within one (1) year from
the Effective Date of this Agreement.
SECTION 13. INSURANCE
13.1 Carrier will carry or cause to be carried the following insurance coverage which will be paid for and
maintained at all times during the term of this Agreement. Such coverage will be provided through an
insurance provider with an A.M. Best financial rating of "A" or better. Frontier shall be named as an
additional insured on all applicable policies as specified below except for Workers’ Compensation.
Page 9
Version: 7/22/99
Revised 02/02/2009

Michael L. Daniel
3-27-18