Docusign Envelope ID: 778F8EDD-BBBA-4957-8E09-89C33762EEC6
Service Order - Access Homing Tandem
This Service Order – Access Homing Tandem, dated April 24, 2025, is subject to and made a part of the Master Service
Agreement Number ACVX180831-3002018 between Action Vox Inc. (“Customer”) and Peerless Network, Inc. (“Peerless”)
collectively referred to as the “Parties”. This Service Order and the Master Service Agreement governs the sale and
purchase of the Services described below. This Service Order Initial Term is one (1) year from the Service Commencement
Date and renews for one (1) month periods unless either Party cancels the Service Order or MSA.
Section 1. Service Description. Parties agree that Customer may name Peerless in the Local Exchange Routing Guide
(“LERG”) as Customer’s switched access homing tandem (H-TRM D TDM) for Customers’ end office switches. As a result,
Customer and Peerless will directly interconnect their respective networks as provided herein in order to exchange
switched access traffic that is sent from an interexchange carrier (“IXC”) to Peerless and then to Customer (“Inbound Access
Traffic”) for termination. In the event Customer chooses to route additional traffic types, Customer agrees to enter into the
appropriate Service Orders.
Section 2. Designation of Peerless as Customer’s Access Tandem. As of the Effective Date of this Service Order
Customer may, at its own cost, program and update its switches and network systems to recognize and route IXC Traffic
received from one or more Peerless tandem(s) as mutually agreed to by the Parties.
2.1 Customer will be responsible to designate the Peerless tandem(s) in the LERG as its Access Tandem(s) for
the Customer Switch(es) as mutually agreed to by the parties.
2.2 Peerless will perform the Access Tandem and related functions, including delivery of IXC Traffic destined
to the Customer Subscribers served by the Customer Switch(es) homed to such Tandem.
2.3 Customer will perform the functions necessary to receive the IXC Traffic delivered via a Peerless Tandem
and terminate the IXC Traffic to the Customer Subscribers served by the Customer Switch(es) homed to such Tandem.
Section 3. Direct Interconnection. The Parties will interconnect their networks at mutually agreed POIs by means
of Direct Interconnection Facilities. Where technically feasible and as mutually agreed, the Parties may establish industry
standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) trunks over Direct Interconnection Facilities. Unless otherwise mutually agreed,
Peerless will establish and pay for all Direct Interconnection Facilities to establish connectivity between Peerless’s network
and the POI(s) established on Customer’s network. Peerless will deliver IXC Traffic to the applicable POI via the Direct
Interconnection Facilities.
3.1 To optimize direct interconnection under this Agreement, the Parties agree to designate network
planning points of contact that will meet within thirty (30) days after the last Party to this Agreement has executed it.
Section 4. Forecast and Commitment. As part of the implementation process, Customer will provide Peerless with
a forecast detailing the amount of inbound access traffic it expects the parties to exchange (by switch and IXC) as a result
of this Service Order within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date of this Service Order; and no less than once in each six
month period thereafter, the other Party shall provide a confidential rolling, six (6) calendar months good faith forecast of
the expected volume of IXC traffic at the other Party’s request.
In agreed upon LATAs, Customer will provision and maintain an LRN to Peerless in the LERG as Customer’s designated
access homing tandem for a minimum of twelve (12) months after the completion of this designation (i.e., all IXC’s treat
Peerless’ tandem switch as the access homing tandem for Customer’s end-office switch). Peerless will assist in
troubleshooting if issues arrive after LRN is provisioned in the LERG. Customer maintains more than one LRN and cannot
commit to the mix of traffic and volume that will be carried on an LRN.
Section 5. Fees for IXC Traffic. Parties will compensate each other for IXC Traffic as follows:
5.1 Customer will pay Peerless applicable fees as set forth in the corresponding Service Orders.
5.2 Peerless will provide AHT compensation in the form of a Termination Fee. The Termination Fee applies,
on a per minute of use (“MOU”) basis to all IXC Traffic delivered by Peerless pursuant to this Agreement. Peerless will
measure all IXC Traffic MOUs delivered to Customer and generate and deliver to Customer a monthly statement detailing
the IXC Traffic volume recorded by Peerless at each Peerless Tandem and total Termination Fee amounts due to Customer
SERVICE ORDER – PSTN CONTROL CONFIDENTIAL Page 1 of 3
CONFIDENTIAL

Docusign Envelope ID: 778F8EDD-BBBA-4957-8E09-89C33762EEC6
for the month based on a percentage of Peerless’ collected tandem tariffed revenue. Peerless will aggregate the IXC Traffic
volume by state and total Termination Fee amounts due to Customer for the following Termination Fee statement and
Peerless will provide a cash payment for accrued monthly Termination Fee credits within sixty (60) calendar days after the
end of the monthly usage period.
The Termination Fee applies to all IXC Traffic delivered by Peerless to a Customer switch that is homed to a Peerless Access
Tandem in the LERG or advertised on the Peerless Access Routing Member List that is facilitated through PSTN Control
services.
5.3 Either Party reserves the right, following the initial term and upon thirty days’ notice to discontinue the
Termination Fee Statement and credit mechanism described in Section 5.2 and to commence billing Peerless directly for
the Termination Fee amounts due Customer from Peerless. Customer will render monthly statements to Peerless for
Termination Fee amounts due based upon Customer’s measurement of the Peerless Traffic delivered to Customer in the
prior month, and Peerless will pay such undisputed Termination Fee amounts within thirty (30) days of the Customer
statement date. Peerless may withhold payment of an invoiced amount if Peerless disputes the amount in good faith and
provides full documentation of such dispute to Customer in writing within sixty (60) days of billing invoice date. Customer
shall not interrupt, delay, suspend, or terminate the provision of services to Peerless during the resolution of any dispute.
Upon resolution of the matter, if Peerless should be issued a credit for an improperly billed amount, Customer will apply
the credit to the immediately following invoice; if Peerless is required to pay a disputed amount, Peerless will pay the
amount in the following month.
5.4 This Service Order shall not restrict, and Customer reserves all rights to bill a third party for IXC Traffic
delivered by Peerless to Customer pursuant to this Service Order.
Section 6. Other Terms.
6.1 “Access Tandem” means a Peerless Tandem to which one or more Customer switch(es) is designated in
the LERG to receive IXC Traffic that is destined for Customer subscribers served by such Customer switch(es).
6.2 “Direct Interconnection Facilities” means dedicated transport facilities that are established to connect,
and over which IXC Traffic is delivered by Peerless to Customer to the Point of Interconnection. Such facilities include, but
are not limited to, the establishment of a mutually acceptable separate IXC-Traffic-specific trunk over existing facilities.
6.3 For IXC traffic delivered by Peerless to Customer, Peerless will pass unaltered from the receiving carrier
the signaling information Peerless receives (e.g., originating Calling Party Number (CPN), Destination Called Party Number
(DCPN) and Originating Line Information Parameter (OLIP), calling party category, charge number, IXC identifiers, etc.) to
enable each Party to track IXC Traffic and issue its credits/bills, as applicable, in a complete and timely fashion. All privacy
indicators and signaling functions will be honored. The Parties will cooperate, coordinate and exchange data (to the extent
such data is reasonably available) to (a) determine the cause of any missing information failures and (b) ensure all
appropriate information is provided to Customer by Peerless. Peerless will not knowingly strip or alter call records to
disguise the jurisdiction of a call or permit third parties to do so for IXC Traffic that it delivers to Customer.
6.4 Non-Exclusivity of Service. Customer and Peerless acknowledge and agree that Customer has no
obligation to designate any Peerless Tandem for all or any portion of the IXC Traffic Customer expects to terminate from
Third Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer will accept IXC Traffic delivered by Peerless pursuant to the
arrangements implemented in accordance with this Service Order.
6.5 Access Stimulation Certification. In accordance with C.F.R. § 51.914, as of November 27, 2019 a LEC
engaged in access stimulation (as defined in C.F.R. § 61.3(bbb)) must: (1) designate in the Local Exchange Routing Guide
(LERG) or by contract the route through which an interexchange carrier can reach that LEC’s end office (or equivalent) and
bear financial responsibility for all interstate and intrastate terminating tandem switching and transport charges (whether
terminated directly or indirectly); (2) a LEC engaged in access stimulation must not bill interexchange carriers for terminating
tandem switching and transport charges for traffic between that LEC’s end office (or equivalent) and the associated access
tandem switch; and (3) notify the FCC, all intermediate access providers it subtends, and interexchange carriers with which
they do business in writing: (i) that the LEC is engaged in access stimulation and (ii) designate the intermediate access
providers that will provide the terminating switched access tandem switching and transport to that LEC and that the LEC
SERVICE ORDER – PSTN CONTROL CONFIDENTIAL Page 2 of 3
CONFIDENTIAL

Docusign Envelope ID: 778F8EDD-BBBA-4957-8E09-89C33762EEC6
will pay for those services. Further, an intermediate access provider that receives notice that it has been designated to
provide terminating tandem switching and transport to a LEC engaged in access stimulation must not bill the interexchange
carrier for those services and instead bill that LEC.
As of the Effective Date of this Service Order, Customer states that is X is not an access stimulator as
defined by C.F.R. § 61.3 (bbb). Customers submitting access stimulation notices to the FCC shall provide notice to Peerless
simultaneously via email at: regulatory@peerlessnetwork.com with copy to contracts@peerlessnetwork.com. Further, if
Customer is deemed to be an access stimulator or Peerless compensates an IXC for traffic associated with Customer credits,
Customer shall reimburse Peerless on the subsequent invoice or within fifteen (15) days, whichever is sooner. Customer
shall not be entitled to withhold reimbursement if Peerless demonstrates that it compensated the IXC. Failure to notify or
reimburse Peerless as described above may result in immediate service suspension, including the suspension of any credits.
IN WITNESS WHEROF, the Parties hereto have caused this Service Order – Access Homing Tandem to be executed
as of the day and year first above written.
Customer: Action Vox Inc. Peerless Network, Inc. and its Affiliates
Master Services Agreement (MSA): ACVX180831-3002018
Signature: Signature:
Name: Allan Noorda Name: Mijo Soldin
Title: President Title: VP Telecom Strategy and Partherships
Date: 24 April 2025 Date: 24 April 2025
CONFIDENTIAL