Docusign Envelope ID: 1EF76080-BC5F-4503-A17A-F289BDC142B3
Service Order – Long Distance Voice Termination – Short Duration
This Service Order is subject to and made a part of the Master Service Agreement between the customer identifed
below and Peerless Network, Inc. (collectively referred to as the “Parties”), and governs the sale and purchase of
the Services described below. This Service Order Initial Term is one (1) year from the Service Commencement Date
and renews for one (1) month periods unless either Party cancels the Service Order or MSA. The Effective Date of
the Amendment is the last date when the Amendment was signed (“Effective Date”).
The Parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their authorized representatives:
Customer: ActionVox Inc Peerless Network, Inc. and its Affiliates
Signature: Signature:
Allan Noorda Mijo Soldin
Name: Name:
Title: President Title: VP Telecom Strategy and Partherships
Date: 10 April 2025 Date: 10 April 2025
Rate Deck Contact: Allan Noorda
Attn: Allan Noorda
Email: allan.noorda@action-vox.com
Phone #: 702-550-0899
Description. Peerless will provide Long Distance Voice Termination service between the Customer’s network and other
telecommunications carriers. The Customer may pass Domestic traffic to Peerless to be terminated to any of the
locations listed on the Domestic rate deck. Customer agrees to connect to Peerless’ network in a manner and at
locations determined by Peerless. Start of service will be concurrent with Customer’s directing SIP-Configured calls via
the Public Internet to the IP addresses designated by Peerless, dedicated SIP connection, or TDM circuit.
Section 1: Traffic Pattern. The Customer must specify its traffic pattern and rate deck and agree to be bound by the
associated pricing and terms. Customer certifies that is purchasing services to provide:
_X__ telecommunications services that originate and terminate within the U.S.
___ telecommunications services that originate outside U.S. but terminate within of the U.S.
Notwithstanding the choice(s) above, if any portion of Customer’s traffic does not fit the profile
selected, Customer (1) agrees to fully cooperate in requests from Peerless, the FCC, a state Public Utility or
Service Commission, or any other governmental body or agency having jurisdiction to explain or otherwise
validate such traffic pattern; and (2) is not relieved of any associated liability should its traffic pattern differ
from the selection.
Section 2. Rate Deck and Pricing.
2.1 Rates and Rate Changes. Rates for Termination of Domestic Originated Traffic are per minute and provided
to Customer via rate deck with pricing and availability updates on a regular basis by LATA/OCN or by NPANXX at the
Customer’s choice. The Short Duration Domestic Deck identifies the appropriate footprint and associated rate. Unless
explicitly stated, any pricing not covered in this Service Order is subject to the applicable Peerless Network Tariff
covering such service. The currency of settlement shall be US Dollar (US$). Every minute is billed at a single rate.
Rates for all traffic are subject to change on seven (7) days notice. Modification in rates may be in the form of new
rates, charges and/or surcharges or through modification of existing rate elements which are used to determine rates
and/or charges. Customer is liable for payment on any rate changes past the effective date as documented in a delivered
rate modification notice.
PEERLESS NETWORK - CONFIDENTIAL Page 1 of 4

Docusign Envelope ID: 1EF76080-BC5F-4503-A17A-F289BDC142B3
2.2 Domestic Termination Default Rate and Call Increments. Traffic sent for domestic termination outside of the
footprint will be billed at the domestic default rate identified in the Domestic Rate Deck.
2.3 Call Jurisdiction. For rating purposes, Customer acknowledges that the call jurisdiction will be determined based
upon available call stream data. Customer warrants that it will not delete, or modify in any way, call stream data.
Except as otherwise noted, the point of origination is determined by the originating ANI (where “originating ANI” is
defined as the charge party/billing number or the calling number for instances where there is no charge party/billing
number) and must follow the North American Numbering Plan format. International Originated Traffic that does not
conform to the North American Numbering Plan format for the originating ANI and terminating within the United States,
will be rated as INTERstate only if such traffic adheres to the standards of globalized E.164 strings for all fields, including
a (+) preceding the originating ANI or using SIP-T with nature of address.
2.4 International and Indeterminant Traffic Identification. Customers must include the (+) preceding the originating
ANI to identify International Originated traffic. For traffic that does not adhere to the E.164(+) standard for
International originated calls or where call jurisdiction is otherwise unknown or indeterminate, Customer shall pay the
greater of the interstate or intrastate per minute rate.
2.5 Call Parameters and Surcharges. Customer shall adhere to the following call parameters or the applicable
surcharges will apply.
2.5.1 Calls Per Second. Calls Per Second (“CPS”) refers to how many telephone calls that can be handled in
a second. Peerless Network will provision services to not exceed 100 calls per second per 500 ports.
2.5.2 Short Duration Terms. Customer acknowledges that it has chosen to send Short Duration traffic. A
Short Duration call is a completed call that is six (6) seconds or less in duration. This product is billing in six (6)
second increments using a fifteen (15) second minimum. It is the Customer’s responsibility to monitor its
traffic for SD traffic. Short Duration traffic is limited to the United States (i.e, does not include Canada or other
areas outside of the U.S., but within the North American Numbering Plan). Customer’s Short Duration traffic
during any business cycle must not exceed a seventy (70) percent threshold (“SD Threshold”).
2.5.2.1 Short Duration traffic percentages are calculated based on the total traffic associated with a
product pricing list. If Customer has traffic associated with multiple product pricing lists, a Short
Duration percentage will be calculated per product pricing list. For SD Threshold violations, Peerless
will charge, without notice and in addition to the per minute rates (Interstate Long Distance, Intrastate
Long Distance and Local, if applicable) a surcharge equal to $0.01 per Short Duration call exceeding
the SD Threshold during that billing cycle under this Service Order.
2.5.3 Incomplete Call Ratio Surcharges. A Completed Call is a call where Peerless receives answer
supervision from the terminating end. The Total Call Attempts equals the total calls attempted (both answered
and incomplete). The Incomplete Call Ratio (“ICR”) is the ratio of the total call attempts less the completed
calls to the total number of attempted calls expressed as a percentage. ICR = ((Total Call Attempts – Total
Completed Calls)/Total Call Attempts) *100. Customer’s ICR shall not exceed fifty-five (55) percent (“ICR
Threshold”). Peerless may, in its sole discretion and upon notice, modify the ICR Threshold if industry
standards change. If Customer’s ICR is above the ICR Threshold, Peerless reserves the right, at its sole
discretion to impose a surcharge, in addition to the per minutes rates (Interstate Long Distance, Intrastate Long
Distance and Local, if applicable) equal to $0.01 per incomplete call exceeding the ICR Threshold during that
billing cycle under this Agreement.
2.5.4 If Customer is in violation of this Section 2.5, it must take immediate curative
action. Notwithstanding, if Customer's actions for cure do not result in immediate resolution of the issue,
Peerless may, in addition to applying applicable surcharges and in its sole discretion (i) modify the CPS; (ii)
modify the ICR; and (iii) take curative action that may result in the modification, suspension or cancellation of
Customer’s.
Section 3. Additional Terms.
3.1 Acceptable Use. Parties agree to work cooperatively to address unlawful use in a timely manner. Peerless
PEERLESS NETWORK - CONFIDENTIAL Page 2 of 4

Docusign Envelope ID: 1EF76080-BC5F-4503-A17A-F289BDC142B3
works cooperatively with the industry, law enforcement, governmental entities, regulatory entities, and other
carriers (collectively “Cooperative Parties”), to address issues related to illegality, fraud and abuse. In accordance
with laws applicable to Peerless and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Peerless may
disclose Customer’s information and such disclosure will not be a violation of this Agreement.
Unlawful Use. Customer will use best efforts to prevent unauthorized, illegal, or fraudulent use of the Services, and
shall terminate any unauthorized, illegal, or fraudulent user access and immediately notify Peerless of any such
unauthorized, illegal, or fraudulent use, attempted use of, or access to, the Services. Regardless of how Customer
becomes aware of unlawful activity, Customer is not relieved of liability related to the offending traffic and will also
be responsible for paying third-party fees directly related to the offending traffic. Further, any unauthorized, illegal,
or fraudulent use or misuse of the Services by or through Customer voids all warranties, express or implied, by
Peerless, and relieves Peerless from any responsibility for performance under the respective Service Order where
fraud, abuse or illegality occurred. Peerless has no obligation to prevent, monitor, notify, or actively seek facts or
circumstances indicating any fraud, abuse or illegal activities.
Traceback Efforts. Customer warrants that it will participate in any traceback efforts authorized by US Telecom’s
Traceback Group regarding suspicious robocalls without the need for a subpoena or formal demand. Customer
agrees that its response shall indicate if it is in the call path as the originating provider of the calls (i.e., Customer
received the calls from Customer’s End User) or (ii) a transit provider (i.e., Customer received the calls from another
voice provider). The response shall also identify the source of the calls.
Penalties. In addition to penalties outlined above, Peerless may, in its sole discretion, take any or all of the following
actions to address if it discovers or reasonably suspects any abuse or unlawful activity: (i) take commercially
reasonable action on offending numbers in order to minimize misuse; (ii) issue a verbal, e-mail or written warning
notifying the Customer of the misuse and the corrective action that must be taken; (iii) suspend, with or without
warning, all or part of a Customer’s Service and may condition restoration of such Service upon Customer affecting
corrective action; and/or (iv) terminate, with or without warning, all or part of Customer’s service and may
terminate Customer’s Agreement. Any unauthorized, illegal, or fraudulent use or misuse of the Services by or
through Customer voids all warranties, express or implied, by Peerless, and relieves Peerless from any responsibility
for performance under the respective Service Order where fraud, abuse or illegality occurred.
3.2 Signaling. Concerning all traffic handled for Customer, Parties agree to pass through, without change, all ANI
(Automatic Number Identification) and CPN (Calling or Charge Party Number) information used in determining
jurisdiction, access billing and reciprocal compensation charges. Parties agree that prefixes presented in the line
record including, but not limited to 0, 011, and +, may be normalized to facilitate call completion.
3.3 Peerless, at its sole discretion, may return a redirect message to the Customer for any destination it is unable
to deliver traffic. On certain destinations volume restrictions may be applied. These volume restrictions become
effective on the first of each month after a fourteen (14) day written notice period.
3.4 Nothing in this Service Order shall be construed as obligating Customer to utilize Peerless exclusively for
delivery, or routing of, traffic that is destined for the subscribers of Peerless’ Carrier Customers.
3.5 For the purposes of this Service Order, Peerless is not responsible for fees, duties, taxes or assessments related
to any portion of the International traffic delivered to Peerless, and therefore all such duties and taxes shall be
borne and paid by the Customer at the rate, and in the manner prescribed by law in the Customer’s country and/or
country of origin of the call. Further, for taxing purposes, non-U.S.-based customers sending domestically-
originated traffic for termination by Peerless must have a valid Federal Communications Commission Federal
Registration Number (“FRN”).
3.6 Customer agrees, in accordance with the terms of this Service Order, NOT to send any E911, 911, operator
services or any other traffic destined for any emergency 911 Center or any other local, state or federal emergency
organization. Peerless will return this traffic to Customer’s originating equipment and will be held harmless from
any issues arising from this traffic being blocked by Peerless.
3.7 Unless specified in this Sevice Order or mutually agreed to by the Parties, Peerless reserves the right to block
any unique telecommunications services, including, but not limited to, 311, 411, 611, 976, 500, 700 and 900
PEERLESS NETWORK - CONFIDENTIAL Page 3 of 4

Docusign Envelope ID: 1EF76080-BC5F-4503-A17A-F289BDC142B3
numbers.
3.8 Attestation. SHAKEN/STIR[1] is an industry-developed set of protocols and operational procedures designed to
authenticate telephone calls and mitigate spoofing and illegal robocalling. Supported by the Federal
Communications Commission (“FCC”), Peerless has implemented the SHAKEN/STIR protocol. The Customer
acknowledges and agrees to abide by such protocol. Adherence to this protocol includes, but not limited to, utilizing
necessary identifications, implementing verifications, participating in traceback efforts, and maintain an accurate
SHAKEN/STIR implementation certification in the Robocall Mitigation Database. Customers with their own token
are required to provide attestation to their traffic. Peerless does not attest to traffic of these Customers.
For Customers without a token, Peerless signs and attests to calls using the Peerless’s token. Peerless’s current
business practice for assigning attestation levels are enumerated below. Peerless reserves the right to modify the
attestation business practices without notice as standards and regulations require.
 A-level Attestation
o Peerless assigns A-level attestation to calls originated from Peerless telephone numbers assigned to
the Customer or from other numbers for which Peerless has verified are owned by that Customer.
 B-level Attestation
o Peerless assigns B-level attestation to Customer calls that originate within the United States that are
not assigned A-level attestation. It is the responsibility of the Customer to confirm these calls originate
within the United States.
 C-level Attestation
o Peerless assigns C-level attestation to Customer calls that originate outside the United States and are
not assigned A-level attestation. It is the responsibility of the Customer to request, from Peerless, a
dedicated trunk group with C-level attestation for calls that originate outside the United
States. Customer must route calls that originate outside the United States to the Peerless designated
trunk group for those calls to be assigned C-level attestation.
SHAKEN/STIR1 is an industry-developed set set of protocols and operational procedures designed to authenticate
telephone calls and mitigate spoofing and illegal robocalling. Supported by the Federal Communications
Commission (“FCC”), Peerless has implemented the SHAKEN/STIR protocol, and Customer acknowledges and agrees
that it will abide by such protocol, including, but not limited to, utilizing necessary identifications, implementing
verifications, participating in traceback efforts, and having an accurate SHAKEN/STIR implementation certification
in the Robocall Mitigation Database as required by the protocol. Customers with their own token must attest their
traffic. Peerless will not attest Customer’s traffic using Peerless’ token.
[End of Document]
[1] STIR (“Secure Telephony Identity Revisited”) and SHAKEN (“Secure Handling of Asserted information using toKENs”)
PEERLESS NETWORK - CONFIDENTIAL Page 4 of 4