140 West Street
27th Floor
New York, NY 10007-2109
Tel (212) 321-8136
Fax (212) 962-1687
keefe.b.clemons@verizon.com
Keefe B. Clemons
Associate General Counsel – NY & CT
October 16, 2007
BY HAND
Honorable Jaclyn A. Brilling
Secretary
New York Public Service Commission
Three Empire State Plaza
Albany, New York 12223
Re: Interconnection Agreement between
Verizon New York Inc. and Peerless Network of New York, LLC
Dear Secretary Brilling:
Enclosed please find the Interconnection Agreement, effective October 11, 2007,
between Verizon New York Inc. and Peerless Network of New York, LLC. The contact person
for Peerless Network of New York, LLC is:
Scott Kell
Peerless Network of New York, LLC
27 North Wacker Street, Suite 244
Chicago, IL 60606
(312) 282-9323
skell@peerlessnetwork.com
If you have any questions regarding this matter, please feel free to contact me.
Respectfully submitted,
Keefe B. Clemons
cc: Scott Kell (By E-Mail)

AGREEMENT
by and between
PEERLESS NETWORK OF NEW YORK, LLC
and
VERIZON NEW YORK INC.
FOR THE STATE OF
NEW YORK
PN NY Comp v3.1.doc

AGREEMENT
PREFACE
This Agreement (“Agreement”) shall be deemed effective as of October 11, 2007 (the “Effective
Date”), between Peerless Network of New York, LLC (“PN”), a Limited Liability Company
organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, with offices at 27 N. Wacker St., Suite 444,
Chicago, IL 60606 and Verizon New York Inc. (“Verizon”), a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of New York with offices at 140 West Street, New York, NY 10007 (Verizon and
PN may be referred to hereinafter, each, individually as a “Party”, and, collectively, as the
“Parties”).
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally
bound, pursuant to Section 252 of the Act, Verizon and PN hereby agree as follows:
1. The Agreement
1.1 This Agreement includes: (a) the Principal Document; (b) the Tariffs of each
Party applicable to the Services that are offered for sale by it in the Principal
Document (which Tariffs are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement
by reference); and, (c) an Order by a Party that has been accepted by the other
Party.
1.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Principal Document (including, but
not limited to, the Pricing Attachment), conflicts among provisions in the Principal
Document, Tariffs, and an Order by a Party that has been accepted by the other
Party, shall be resolved in accordance with the following order of precedence,
where the document identified in subsection “(a)” shall have the highest
precedence: (a) the Principal Document; (b) the Tariffs; and, (c) an Order by a
Party that has been accepted by the other Party. The fact that a provision
appears in the Principal Document but not in a Tariff, or in a Tariff but not in the
Principal Document, shall not be interpreted as, or deemed grounds for finding, a
conflict for the purposes of this Section 1.2.
1.3 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties on the
subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous
agreement, understanding, or representation, on the subject matter hereof,
provided, however, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or
otherwise, this Agreement is an amendment, extension and restatement of the
Parties’ prior interconnection and resale agreement(s), if any, and, as such, this
Agreement is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed to create, a novation or
accord and satisfaction with respect to any prior interconnection or resale
agreements and, accordingly, all monetary obligations of the Parties to one
another under any prior interconnection or resale agreements shall remain in full
force and effect and shall constitute monetary obligations of the Parties under
this Agreement (provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement
shall convert any claim or debt that would otherwise constitute a prepetition claim
or debt in a bankruptcy case into a postpetition claim or debt). In connection with
the foregoing, Verizon expressly reserves all of its rights under the Bankruptcy
Code and Applicable Law to seek or oppose any relief in respect of the
assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection of any interconnection or
resale agreements between Verizon and PN.
PN NY Comp v3.1.doc 1

1.4 Except as otherwise provided in the Principal Document, the Principal Document
may not be waived or modified except by a written document that is signed by
the Parties. Subject to the requirements of Applicable Law, a Party shall have
the right to add, modify, or withdraw, its Tariff(s) at any time, without the consent
of, or notice to, the other Party.
2. Term and Termination
2.1 This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and, unless cancelled
or terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof, shall continue in effect
until October 10, 2009 (the “Initial Term”). Thereafter, this Agreement shall
continue in force and effect unless and until cancelled or terminated as provided
in this Agreement.
2.2 Either PN or Verizon may terminate this Agreement effective upon the expiration
of the Initial Term or effective upon any date after expiration of the Initial Term by
providing written notice of termination at least ninety (90) days in advance of the
date of termination.
2.3 If either PN or Verizon provides notice of termination pursuant to Section 2.2 and
on or before the proposed date of termination either PN or Verizon has requested
negotiation of a new interconnection agreement, unless this Agreement is
cancelled or terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof (including,
but not limited to, pursuant to Section 12), this Agreement shall remain in effect
until the earlier of: (a) the effective date of a new interconnection agreement
between PN and Verizon; or, (b) the date one (1) year after the proposed date of
termination.
2.4 If either PN or Verizon provides notice of termination pursuant to Section 2.2 and
by 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the proposed date of termination neither PN nor
Verizon has requested negotiation of a new interconnection agreement, (a) this
Agreement will terminate at 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the proposed date of
termination, and (b) the Services being provided under this Agreement at the
time of termination will be terminated, except to the extent that the Purchasing
Party has requested that such Services continue to be provided pursuant to an
applicable Tariff or Statement of Generally Available Terms (SGAT).
3. Glossary and Attachments
The Glossary and the following Attachments are a part of this Agreement:
Additional Services Attachment
Interconnection Attachment
Resale Attachment
Network Elements Attachment
Collocation Attachment
911 Attachment
Pricing Attachment
4. Applicable Law
4.1 The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be
governed by (a) the laws of the United States of America and (b) the laws of the
PN NY Comp v3.1.doc 2

SIGNATURE PAGE
INWITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to beexecuted as of
the Effective Date.
PEERLESS NETWORK OF NEW YORK, LLC VERIZON NE
By:
BY~
Printed: Scott Kell Printed: Gary Librizzi
Title: SVP Operations and Engineering Title: Director - Negotiations
PN NY Comp v3.1.doc 26