INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
By and Between
PEERLESS NETWORK OF NEW YORK, LLC
And
TACONIC TELEPHONE CORP
d/b/a CONSOLIDATED COMMUNICATIONS
1

This Interconnection Agreement ("Agreement") is made effective by and between Peerless
Network of New York, LLC (“Peerless”) a corporation organized under the laws of the State of
New York with offices at 222 South Riverside Plaza, Suite 2730, Chicago, IL 60606 and Taconic
Telephone Corp. d/b/a Consolidated Communications (“Consolidated”) a corporation organized
under the laws of the State of New York, with offices at 1 Taconic Place, Chatham, NY 12037.
Consolidated and Peerless may also be referred to herein singularly as a "Party" or collectively as
the “Parties."
RECITALS
WHEREAS, Consolidated is an incumbent local exchange carrier and Peerless is a
competitive local exchange carrier and both Parties are authorized by the New York Public
Service Commission ("Commission") to provide telecommunications services in the State of
New York; and
WHEREAS, Sections 251 and 252 of the Communications Act of 1934 as amended by
the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the "Act") have specific requirements for interconnection,
and the Parties intend to comply with these requirements; and
WHEREAS, The Parties desire to interconnect their respective networks to allow either
Party to exchange Local Traffic and Tandem Transit Traffic with the other Party; and
WHEREAS the Parties are entering into this Agreement to set forth the respective
obligations of the Parties and the terms and conditions under which the Parties will interconnect
their networks and provide other services as required by the Act and applicable law; and
WHEREAS, the Parties have arrived at this Agreement through negotiations undertaken
pursuant to the Act;
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual obligations set forth below, the
Parties agree to the following terms and conditions:
1. Scope of Agreement
1.1 This Agreement addresses the terms and conditions under which Peerless and
Consolidated agree to exchange Local Traffic and Tandem Transit Traffic between
their respective End Users, at rates as specified in Schedule I, by a direct or indirect
connection at the Point of Interconnection (POI) in accordance with this
Agreement. All traffic that either Party may deliver to the POI that falls outside of
the definition of Local Traffic or Tandem Transit Traffic shall not be subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement (the "Excluded Traffic") but may be subject
to other arrangements and/or tariffs of the Parties which shall govern the intercarrier
treatment of such Excluded Traffic. The Parties further agree that they will strictly
construe the definition of Local Traffic and will ensure that they each will abide by
the additional terms and conditions of Section 8 regarding facilities and traffic
addressed under this Agreement.
3

14. Term of Agreement, Regulatory Approvals and Filing
14.1 This Agreement shall commence when fully executed and approved by the
Commission or allowed to take effect by operation of law and have an initial term
of one (1) year from the date of that Commission approval. This Agreement shall
automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods, unless either Party gives
written notice at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the initial, or any
renewal term, of its desire not to renew. If such termination notice is given, this
Agreement shall not renew. However, the Parties will continue to exchange traffic
to the mutual benefit of their respective End Users; provided, however, that
physical termination of the connection of the Parties' respective networks
established in this Agreement shall occur only in compliance with applicable rules
and regulations of the Commission. During the period prior to termination, the
Parties agree to cooperate with one another in ensuring that the exchange of Local
Traffic as provided for in this Agreement is not disrupted and to respond to any
Commission inquiry that may occur regarding the termination of this Agreement.
14.2 Each Party is responsible for obtaining and maintaining in effect all state regulatory
commission approvals and certifications that are required for that Party's provision
of local exchange and/or local exchange access services in the service areas covered
by this Agreement.
14.3 The Parties agree to jointly file this Agreement with the Commission and to fully
cooperate with each other in obtaining Commission approval.
14.4 If either Party terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 14.1, either Party may
request renegotiation of a successor agreement by providing written notice thereof
to the other Party within sixty (60) days of receipt of the termination notice. Any
such request shall be deemed by both Parties to be a request for Interconnection
pursuant to Section 252 of the Act (or any successor provision), regardless of which
Party made such request.
14.5 If either Party requests renegotiation of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 14.4
above, the rates, terms and conditions of this Agreement shall continue in full force
and effect until the earlier of one hundred eighty (180) days from the expiration or
termination of this Agreement or the effective date of its successor agreement,
whether such successor agreement is established via negotiation, arbitration or
pursuant to Section 252(i) of the Act. Provided however, if the Parties by written
mutual agreement extend the negotiation period or if the Parties are actively
involved in arbitration of a successor agreement this Agreement shall continue in
effect until such negotiations or arbitration is completed and a successor agreement
is in effect.
16

33. Termination for Material Breach
33. l Either Party may terminate this Agreement for cause upon sixty (60) days prior
written notice if (a) the other Party materially breaches this Agreement or defaults
on its obligations and fails to cure such breach or default during such sixty (60) day
period, (b) the other Party's authority to provide the services provided herein is
revoked or terminated, or (c) the other Party is insolvent, or files for bankruptcy (or
other protection from creditors generally) and such bankruptcy petition is not
dismissed within sixty (60) days. Te1mination of this Agreement for any cause shall
not release either Party from any liability which at the time of the te1mination had
already accrued to the other Pa1ty or which thereafter accrues in any respect for any
act or omission occurring prior to the termination relating to an obligation which is
expressly stated in this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties agree this Agreement shall be deemed effective upon
approval by the Commission or upon being permitted to go into effect by operation of law, and
each Party warrants that it has caused this Agreement to be signed and delivered by its duly
authorized representative.
By: TACONIC TELEPHONE CORP. By: PEERLESS NETWORK OF
NEW YORK, LLC.
Signature Signature
Sarah Davis Scott Kell
Typed or Printed Name Typed or Printed Name
Senior Director - Wholesale Strategies Exec. Vice President of Operations
Title Title
1\
o.~/
1-15-2019 l°\
Date
28