Docusign Envelope ID: AA90270A-F52C-4BA5-AB07-C20C9EEE2965
Service Order - PSTN Control Service
This Service Order – PSTN Control Service is subject to and made a part of the Master Service Agreement (“MSA”)
between the customer (“Customer”) identified below and Peerless Network, Inc. (collectively referred to as the
“Parties”), and governs the sale and purchase of the Services described below. This Service Order Initial Term is one
(1) year from the Service Commencement Date and renews for one (1) month periods unless either Party cancels
the Service Order or MSA. The Effective Date of this Service Order is the last date when the Service Order was signed
(“Effective Date”).
The Parties have caused this Service Order to be duly executed by their authorized representatives:
Customer: Action Vox Inc. Peerless Network, Inc. and its Affiliates (“Peerless”)
Master Services Agreement (MSA)#: ACVX180831-3002018
Signature: Signature:
Allan Noorda Mijo Soldin
Name: Name:
Title: President Title: VP Telecom Strategy and Partherships
Date: 14 May 2025 Date: 14 May 2025
1. Service Description. Peerless will provide PSTN Control Service to the Customer to terminate traffic from
the Public Switched Telephone Network (“PSTN”). Service will be configured based upon incumbent LEC
requirements, which may include using existing Peerless interconnection facilities or separate facilities dedicated to
the Customer. As a condition of Peerless PSTN Control Service, Customer is required to enter into the Peerless
Transit Service Order. In the event Customer chooses to route additional traffic, Customer agrees to enter into the
appropriate Service Orders.
2. Customer Responsibilities. Customer acknowledges and agrees that they are a certified Competitive Local
Exchange Carrier (“CLEC”) in good standing in each applicable state and responsible for all regulatory requirements,
including but not limited to:
a) Establishing or opting into existing Interconnection Agreements with the appropriate Local Exchange
Carrier (“LEC”); and
b) Filing and maintaining appropriate interstate and intrastate tariffs with the appropriate regulatory agencies
and organizations (including, e.g., NECA); and
c) Obtaining a POI (CLLI) code in each designated location for service; and
d) Obtaining all necessary industry identifiers including but not limited to; OCN, ACNA, LNP Service Provider
ID (SPID); and
e) Obtaining an “A” Block NPA-NXX and assigning a Local Routing Number (LRN) from the “A” Block. Central
Office Code Assignment Guidelines shall include:
i. SW IDENT: Customer CLLI Code
ii. ACTUAL SW ID: Peerless Network provided CLLI Code per market; and
f) Providing the “A” Block NPA-NXX and LRN to Peerless as soon as it is received by the Customer, but no later
than seven (7) days after receipt; and
g) Establishing an AOCN relationship with an AOCN provider for entering and maintaining all appropriate LERG
designations; and
h) Establishing and supporting all local number portability processes; and
i) Implementing a solution for delivering/accepting all ancillary call types in accordance with all federal, state,
and municipal laws, in addition to all Interconnection Agreemnt requirements. Ancillary call types include,
but are not limited to, 911, E911, 311 Operator Services, Directory Assistance, 900, 500, 976 services; and
j) Establishing two one-way inbound trunk groups between Customer and Peerless Network for the delivery
SERVICE OPRDER – PSTN CONTROL CONFIDENTIAL Page 1 of 4
CONFIDENTIAL

Docusign Envelope ID: AA90270A-F52C-4BA5-AB07-C20C9EEE2965
of inbound local/intraLATA and interLATA traffic. Connections to Peerless Network will be made using
Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) using either G.711 and/or G.729 codes unless mutually agreed upon to in
writing by both parties; and
k) Agreeing to enter into, and be bound by the terms and conditions of, the appropriate Service Order(s) (e.g.,
Voice Termination) in the event Customer chooses to route additional traffic; and
l) Agreeing to be in compliance with all third-party traffic termination arrangements, including primary toll
carrier agreements, and optional and/or extended calling area plans; and
m) Acknowledging that service is only available to Customer for use in providing local exchange and exchange
access telecommunications services to its residential, business, and government end users within the
Peerless network or its affiliates service areas. ("Eligible End Users") – except where, and only to the extent
that, Customer is required to allow for the resale of its local exchange telecommunications services under
state or federal law and that service may not be used for termination of "pass through" or transit access
traffic if such use results in an arrangement that seeks to avoid the appropriate application of switched
access charges. Eligible End Users being served by Customer using PSTN Control Service are referred to
herein as “PSTN End Users;" and
n) Arranging and bearing all costs of connection to its customers; and
o) Billing and collecting any Customer End User fees; and
p) Submitting all orders to orderentry@peerlessnetwork.com; and
q) Billing and collecting any applicable End Office switched access fees, including Intercarrier Compensation.
3. Peerless Responsibilities: In providing the PSTN Control Service, Peerless acknowledges and agrees that it
(or a related subsidiary) will:
a) Maintain appropriate interconnection facilities to the incumbent local exchange carrier tandem(s), and
assist (as needed) in the ordering and provisioning of interconnection facilities with the incumbent LEC;
and
b) Coordinate any SS7 route sets as may be required for interconnection to the LEC; and
c) Provide Customer with Peerless CLLI Codes mentioned above; and
d) Route all inbound traffic (local, intraLATA, interLATA, International) received to Peerless Network’s tandem
both directly or indirectly from another carrier to the Customer.
e) Provide EMI records.
f) Use commercially reasonable efforts to provision orders within twenty (20) days of receipt from Customer.
Orders received after 3:00pm CST will be considered as received the next business day. Orders that are
expedited will be assessed a fee of $500.00 per order.
4. Pricing. The prices for PSTN Control Services are as follows:
PSTN Control Inbound RPM* $0.0014
PSTN Control Minimum per LATA (take or pay monthly) $150.00
Outbound Minutes Rate Deck
* Customer must have valid Service Orders for this traffic. Contingent upon availability and
Peerless approval of the Customer forecast
4.1 Rates are subject to change on seven (7) days written notice. Modification in rates may be in the form of
new rates, charges and/or surcharges or through modification of existing rate elements which are used to determine
rates and/or charges. Customer is liable for payment on any rate changes past the effective date as documented in
a delivered rate modification notice. Unless explicitly stated, any pricing not covered in this Service Order is subject
to the Applicable Tariffs covering such services. In addition, Peerless will not act as a billing intermediary or
clearinghouse for Customer’s billing.
SERVICE OPRDER – PSTN CONTROL CONFIDENTIAL Page 2 of 4
CONFIDENTIAL

Docusign Envelope ID: AA90270A-F52C-4BA5-AB07-C20C9EEE2965
4.2 Peerless may charge applicable tandem switched access rates to a third party for terminating traffic to the
Customer. If Peerless is charged by a third party for services typically billed to the end office provider (Customer),
Peerless will pass through such charges to Customer. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Peerless is not
responsible for any charges levied by any third party in connection with such traffic, including intercarrier
compensation.
4.3 Customer will not charge Peerless any amounts in connection with any traffic exchanged under this Service
Order including terminating and originating switched access fees for traffic utilizing a Peerless CIC Code.
4.4 Should the Customer provide Peerless proper notice of cancellation of this Service Order, Customer will
use best efforts to migrate the traffic off of the Peerless network within thirty (30) days, but in no way should
Customer take more than sixty (60) days to finalize such migration. Customer is responsible for payment of all traffic
until traffic is properly migrated off of Peerless’ network. Should Peerless need to close a market/LATA, Peerless
will provide sixty (60) days written notice to the Customer so that Customer can migrate traffic off the Peerless
network and all associated “A Blocks”. If the Customer does not migrate traffic within the sixty (60) day time period,
Peerless may provide a rate increase as identified in 4.1 above.
4.5 Access Stimulation Certification. In accordance with C.F.R. § 51.914, as of November 27, 2019 a LEC
engaged in access stimulation (as defined in C.F.R. § 61.3(bbb)) must: (1) designate in the Local Exchange Routing
Guide (LERG) or by contract the route through which an interexchange carrier can reach that LEC’s end office (or
equivalent) and bear financial responsibility for all interstate and intrastate terminating tandem switching and
transport charges (whether terminated directly or indirectly); (2) a LEC engaged in access stimulation must not bill
interexchange carriers for terminating tandem switching and transport charges for traffic between that LEC’s end
office (or equivalent) and the associated access tandem switch; and (3) notify the FCC, all intermediate access
providers it subtends, and interexchange carriers with which they do business in writing: (i) that the LEC is engaged
in access stimulation and (ii) designate the intermediate access providers that will provide the terminating switched
access tandem switching and transport to that LEC and that the LEC will pay for those services. Further, an
intermediate access provider that receives notice that it has been designated to provide terminating tandem
switching and transport to a LEC engaged in access stimulation must not bill the interexchange carrier for those
services and instead bill that LEC.
As of the Effective Date of this Service Order, Customer states that ___ is _X__ is not an access stimulator as defined
by C.F.R. § 61.3(bbb). Customers submitting access stimulation notices to the FCC shall provide notice to Peerless
simultaneously via email at: regulatory@peerlessnetwork.com with copy to contracts@peerlessnetwork.com.
Further, if Customer is deemed to be an access stimulator or Peerless compensates an IXC for traffic associated with
Customer credits, Customer shall reimburse Peerless on the subsequent invoice or within fifteen (15) days, whichever
is sooner. Customer shall not be entitled to withhold reimbursement if Peerless demonstrates that it compensated
the IXC. Failure to notify or reimburse Peerless as described above may result in immediate service suspension,
including the suspension of any credits.
4.6 Acceptable Use. Parties agree to work cooperatively to address unlawful use in a timely manner. Peerless
works cooperatively with the industry, law enforcement, governmental entities, regulatory entities, and other
carriers (collectively “Cooperative Parties”), to address issues related to illegality, fraud and abuse. In accordance
with laws applicable to Peerless and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Peerless may
disclose Customer’s information and such disclosure will not be a violation of this Agreement.
Unlawful Use. Customer will use best efforts to prevent unauthorized, illegal, or fraudulent use of the Services, and
shall terminate any unauthorized, illegal, or fraudulent user access and immediately notify Peerless of any such
unauthorized, illegal, or fraudulent use, attempted use of, or access to, the Services. Regardless of how Customer
becomes aware of unlawful activity, Customer is not relieved of liability related to the offending traffic and will also
be responsible for paying third-party fees directly related to the offending traffic. Further, any unauthorized, illegal,
or fraudulent use or misuse of the Services by or through Customer voids all warranties, express or implied, by
Peerless, and relieves Peerless from any responsibility for performance under the respective Service Order where
SERVICE OPRDER – PSTN CONTROL CONFIDENTIAL Page 3 of 4
CONFIDENTIAL

Docusign Envelope ID: AA90270A-F52C-4BA5-AB07-C20C9EEE2965
fraud, abuse or illegality occurred. Peerless has no obligation to prevent, monitor, notify, or actively seek facts or
circumstances indicating any fraud, abuse or illegal activities.
Traceback Efforts. Customer warrants that it will participate in any traceback efforts authorized by US Telecom’s
Traceback Group regarding suspicious robocalls without the need for a subpoena or formal demand. Customer
agrees that its response shall indicate if it is in the call path as the originating provider of the calls (i.e., Customer
received the calls from Customer’s End User) or (ii) a transit provider (i.e., Customer received the calls from another
voice provider). The response shall also identify the source of the calls.
Penalties. In addition to penalties outlined above, Peerless may, in its sole discretion, take any or all of the following
actions to address if it discovers or reasonably suspects any abuse or unlawful activity: (i) take commercially
reasonable action on offending numbers in order to minimize misuse; (ii) issue a verbal, e-mail or written warning
notifying the Customer of the misuse and the corrective action that must be taken; (iii) suspend, with or without
warning, all or part of a Customer’s Service and may condition restoration of such Service upon Customer affecting
corrective action; and/or (iv) terminate, with or without warning, all or part of Customer’s service and may
terminate Customer’s Agreement. Any unauthorized, illegal, or fraudulent use or misuse of the Services by or
through Customer voids all warranties, express or implied, by Peerless, and relieves Peerless from any responsibility
for performance under the respective Service Order where fraud, abuse or illegality occurred.
[End of Document]
SERVICE OPRDER – PSTN CONTROL CONFIDENTIAL Page 4 of 4
CONFIDENTIAL