APELA Professional Services, LLC
Complex Telecommunications Consulting
3462 Blanding Ct
Buford, GA. 30519
Telephone: 404-519-4096
July 03, 2025
Ms. Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
RE: Request for Confidential Treatment to the Application of ULEC, LLC which transacts
business under the name ULEC, LLC, for Authorization to Obtain Numbering
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(G) of the Commission’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch,
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, ULEC, LLC; here
forward known as (“ULEC, LLC”) hereby submits its application requesting authorization
to obtain numbering resources as an IPES carrier.
ULEC, LLC respectfully requests that, pursuant to Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the
Commission’s rules, 47 C.F.R. § 0.457 and 0.459, the Commission withhold from public
inspection, Exhibit D to this application in its entirety as confidential because the
documents contain trade secrets and commercially sensitive “Pricing” information that
falls within Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act (“FOIA”), 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4).
The information in Exhibit D is “of a kind that would not customarily be released to the
public” and therefore, this information qualifies for confidential treatment under FOIA.
ULEC, LLC respectfully submits that it would suffer substantial competitive harm if this
information were disclosed.
Exhibit D is accordingly marked with “Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459.”
In support of this request and pursuant to Section 0.459(b) of the Commission’s rules,
ULEC, LLC hereby states as follows:
1. SPECIFIC INFORMATION FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS
SOUGHT PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(1).

ULEC, LLC seeks confidential treatment of Exhibit D in its entirety.
2. CIRCUMSTANCES CAUSING THE SUBMISSION PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(2).
ULEC, LLC is submitting the confidential agreements between it and its ICA/CLEC
partner as proof of ULEC, LLC’ facilities readiness as required by Section
52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the Commission’s rules.
3. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION IS
COMMERCIAL OR FINANCIAL, OR CONTAINS A TRADE SECRET OR IS
PRIVILEGED PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(3).
The information for which ULEC, LLC seeks confidential treatment contains
sensitive commercial information “which would customarily be guarded from
competitors” as defined in 47 CFR § 0.457(d)(2). Confidential Exhibit D consists
of commercial agreements between ULEC, LLC and its CLEC partner of which
contain proprietary information concerning ULEC, LLC network, customers, and
services.
4. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION
CONCERNS A SERVICE THAT IS SUBJECT TO COMPETITION PURSUANT
TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(4).
Confidential Exhibit D contains information relating to commercial matters that
could be used by competitors to ULEC, LLC disadvantage. ULEC, LLC has numerous
competitors in the telecommunications industry in which it operates. Detailed
commercial information on operations of the type provided by ULEC, LLC could
compromise its position in this highly competitive industry. Release of this
information would therefore result in substantial competitive harm to ULEC, LLC.
5. EXPLANATION OF HOW DISCLOSURE OF THE INFORMATION COULD
RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL COMPETITIVE HARM PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(5).
Competitors could use ULEC, LLC proprietary and commercial information to its
detriment as they would gain access to sensitive data about how ULEC, LLC
provides services as well as about ULEC, LLC commercial agreements with others
in the market that are not normally disclosed to the public.

6. IDENTIFICATION OF ANY MEASURES TAKEN BY THE SUBMITTING
PARTY TO PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 47
CFR § 0.459(b)(6).
ULEC, LLC has not distributed the information in Confidential Exhibit D to the
public or any parties within ULEC, LLC or outside ULEC, LLC except on a need-to-
know basis.
7. IDENTIFICATION OF WHETHER THE INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE TO
THE PUBLIC AND THE EXTENT OF ANY PREVIOUS DISCLOSURE OF
THE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(7).
ULEC, LLC deems the information in Exhibit D to be confidential.
8. JUSTIFICATION OF THE TIME FRAME DURING WHICH THE SUBMITTING
PARTY BELIEVES THAT MATERIAL SHOULD NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(8).
ULEC, LLC requests that Confidential Exhibit D be treated as confidential for a
period of five years. This period is necessary due to the proprietary nature of the
information in Confidential Exhibit D.
9. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION THAT ULEC, LLC BELIEVES MAY BE
HELPFUL IN DETERMINING WHETHER ITS REQUEST FOR
CONFIDENTIALITY SHOULD BE GRANTED PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(9).
The information deals with ULEC, LLC proprietary network, related to current and
planned operations, and as such, is commercially sensitive.
If you should have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me at your
convenience at 404-519-4096 or rongrob@apelaprofsvcs.com.
Respectfully submitted,
Ronald J Grob
APELA Professional Services, LLC
Senior Telecommunications Consultant To ULEC, LLC

Before the FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20554
In the Matter of ULEC, LLC )WC Docket No. 25-
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of
) the Commission's Rules
APPLICATION OF ULEC, LLC FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN
NUMBERING RESOURCES
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, ULEC, LLC, which
transacts business under the name (“ULEC, LLC” or the “Company”)(AKA “ULEC”),
hereby submits its application to obtain numbering resources as described below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order, an Interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are
requested. Such authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission
containing the information detailed in Section 52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s
Rules. ULEC hereby requests that the Commission grant it such authorization. In support
of this application, ULEC provides the following information.
ULEC has negotiated an Interconnect Agreement with a Competitive Local Exchange
Carrier (“CLEC Partner”) to serve as ULEC’s access homing tandem and to route local
and access traffic (both originating and terminating) to the PSTN. ULEC will interconnect
with and broadcast CLEC Partner’s tandem platforms for the purpose of managing
ULEC’s assigned Operating Company Number (OCN) and number Resources.
xx
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: ULEC, LLC
Street: 8310 S Valley Hwy
Suite: 3060
City: Centennial
State: CO
ZIP Code:80223
Executive for ULEC, LLC:
Name: Kimberly Cupps
Street: 8310 S Valley Hwy
Suite: 3060

City: Englewood
State: Co
ZIP Code: 80112
Email: Kim@ulec.com
Contact for Regulatory Filing, IPES license information, FCC filing
information, IPES general information:
Name: Ronald J. Grob
Street: 3462 Blanding Ct.
City: Buford
State: GA
ZIP Code: 30519
Email:rongrob@apelaprofsvcs.com
• B § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
ULEC hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the
states. The Company hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject
to compliance with the state laws, regulations, and registration requirements applicable
to businesses operating in each state where the applicant seeks numbering resources,
as well as with industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to
telecommunications carriers. ULEC intends to offer services immediately in several
states initially(Colorado & Texas) and seeks authority to access numbering
resources throughout the United States, based on its PSTN Providers’ footprint. See
Exhibit D.
• C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
ULEC is committed to providing full support for its customers concerning Robocall
Mitigation and call Blocking where appropriate. The Company certifies that it will not
use the numbers obtained under an authorization to knowingly transmit, encourage,
assist, or facilitate illegal robocalls, illegal spoofing, or fraud, in violation of robocall,
spoofing, and deceptive telemarketing obligations under §§ 64.1200, 64.1604, and
64.6300 et seq. of this chapter, and 16 CFR 310.3(b).

• D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
ULEC has fully complied with all applicable STIR/SHAKEN caller ID authentication and
robocall mitigation program requirements and has filed a certification in the Robocall
Mitigation Database as required by §§ 64.6301 to 64.6305. The Company will provide
the necessary “KYC” documentation for its customers as required by STI-GA Authorities.
In addition, ULEC will pass the STIR/SHAKEN certificate, without modification, to each
carrier with which it exchanges call traffic. A copy of the filed Robocall Mitigation
Database documentation is attached as Exhibit A.
• E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
ULEC hereby certifies that it complies with its 911 and 988 obligations under part 9 of
the relevant chapter. The Company also complies with the provisions of the
Communications Assistance with Law Enforcement Act, 47 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. (CALEA)
as documented in Exhibit B4.
ULEC complies with the applicable 911/ 988 rulings through its Interconnection
agreement with a certified carrier, as attested in Exhibit B3.
• F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
ULEC hereby certifies that it complies with the Access Stimulation rules under § 51.914.
• G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
ULEC acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators. State 30-day notifications will be submitted with each NANPA request
for Number Resources.
• H. § 52.15(G)(3)(ii)(H)
ULEC authenticates its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. An interconnect agreement demonstrating access to the
platform and capability of CLEC Partner’s network is attached to this application as
Exhibit D. The Company requests confidential treatment under the Commission’s rules
for Exhibit D.
The Company is managed by long-time professionals experienced with the
telecommunications market, and in addition, has a staff of highly skilled technical
and operational employees.
• I. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(I)
ULEC certifies that they will file both 477 and 499 FCC filings as appropriate and
required. According to the applicable regulation, ULEC has not submitted the 477/499

forms to the FCC, as ULEC has just initially begun the provisioning of VoIP services. As
soon as ULEC has provisioned its VoIP Customers with services, all the mandatory
forms shall be submitted in due time.
.
• J. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(J)
ULEC hereby certifies that it will comply with its: Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H; Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii); North American Numbering
Plan and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR
§§ 52.17 and 52.32; obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR §1.1154; and 911
obligations under 47 CFR part 9. ULEC’s FRN and 499 filer ID are included in Exhibit
B1 and B2, respectively.
• K. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(K)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management
team with substantial managerial experience in the private telecommunications and enhanced
data communication services industries, and has sufficient technical expertise and
infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services. ULEC’s key management
personnel are identified in attached Exhibit C. None of ULEC nor any of the identified
personnel are being or have been investigated by the Commission or any law
enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order,
including the Commission’s rules applicable to unlawful robocalls or unlawful spoofing.
• L. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(L)
ULEC is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Colorado.
The following are the only individuals, each of whom is a citizen of the
United States, who beneficially own ULEC:
Kimberly Cupps
ULEC certifies that it is not affiliated with: (a) any foreign carrier, or (b)
has any interlocking directorates with a foreign carrier
• M. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(M)
ULEC hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988,21 U.S.C.§ 862.
• N. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(N)
An officer's Declaration as per Section 1.16 of the Commission’s rules is attached hereto
as EXHIBIT E
.

II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), ULEC will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. ULEC will also
furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state
commission when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, ULEC respectfully requests
that the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources. The undersigned declares, under penalty of perjury pursuant to § 1.16 of
this chapter, that all statements in the application and any appendices are true and
accurate.
Respectfully submitted for ULEC, LLC.
Ronald J Grob
Principal Telecommunications Consultant
To ULEC, LLC
APELA Professional Services, INC.

Exhibit A
A1. RoboCall Mitigation Plan
ULEC, LLC
Robocall Mitigation Plan
Version 1.0 - January 2025
ULEC, LLC
8310 South Valley Highway, Suite 3060
Greenwood Village, CO 80112
Contact: Kim Cupps, President
Phone: (720) 547-7369
Email: Kim@ulec.com
Table of Contents
1. Robocall Mitigation Program Introduction
2. Company Summary
3. Filing of RMP and Implementation of STIR/SHAKEN
4. Robocall Mitigation Program Components
5. Know Your Customer and Upstream Provider Protocols
6. Contractual Provisions to Mitigate Illegal Robocalls
7. Telephone Number Validation and Authorization
8. Do-Not-Originate List Management
9. Traffic Source Verification
10. Network Traffic Analysis and Monitoring
11. Investigation of Suspicious Calling Patterns
12. Foreign Provider Traffic Management
13. Voice Traffic Authentication
14. Traceback Response Protocol
15. Designated Compliance Officer
16. Plan Updates and Maintenance
17. Training Program

1. Robocall Mitigation Program Introduction
Pursuant to the applicable orders and regulations of the Federal Communications
Commission ("FCC" or "Commission"), the following is ULEC, LLC's ("ULEC" or
"Company") Robocall Mitigation Program ("RMP") that has been established to
prevent unlawful robocalls from originating, terminating, or being carried or
processed on ULEC's voice network where it operates as a Voice Service Provider,
Gateway Provider, or Non-Gateway Intermediate Provider.
This RMP has been developed in accordance with the FCC's Sixth and Seventh
Report and Orders implementing the Pallone-Thune Telephone Robocall Abuse
Criminal Enforcement and Deterrence (TRACED) Act. Unless defined differently
herein, capitalized terms used herein have the same definitions as set forth under
47 C.F.R § 64.6300.
2. Company Summary
ULEC, LLC is a telecommunications provider focused on delivering reliable voice
and communications services to commercial customers. ULEC operates as a Voice
Service Provider with direct access to numbering resources pursuant to license
from the Federal Communications Commission.
Depending on the services being provided, ULEC may serve as a Voice Service
Provider, Gateway Provider, or Non-Gateway Intermediate Provider to commercial
customers. ULEC does not serve residential customers and maintains a focused
approach on business communications solutions.
3. Filing of RMP and Implementation of STIR/SHAKEN
In submitting this RMP with the FCC, ULEC states that:
All calls it originates, carries, or processes on its network are subject to this RMP
Its prior certification has not been removed by Commission action
It has not been prohibited from filing in the Robocall Mitigation Database ("RMD")
by the Commission
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 64.6305(d)(1)(i), (e)(1)(i) and (f)(1)(i), ULEC has certified
that it has fully implemented STIR/SHAKEN across its network and all calls it
originates, carries, or processes are compliant with 47 C.F.R. §§ 64.6301(a)(1) and
(2), and 64.6302(b).
ULEC's role in the call chain includes being:
• A Voice Service Provider with a STIR/SHAKEN implementation obligation
serving end-users
• A Voice Service Provider with a STIR/SHAKEN obligation acting as a
wholesale provider originating calls on behalf of another provider or
providers
• A Gateway Provider with a STIR/SHAKEN obligation
• A Non-Gateway Intermediate Provider with a STIR/SHAKEN obligation
4. Robocall Mitigation Program Components
This RMP applies to ULEC's calling platforms and details the specific reasonable
steps ULEC has taken to avoid originating, terminating, or carrying or processing
illegal robocall traffic through the following comprehensive measures:
5. Know Your Customer and Upstream Provider Protocols

ULEC has implemented comprehensive Know Your Customer (KYC) and Know Your
Upstream Provider policies and procedures used when onboarding new or
renewing customers to ensure that such customers and providers do not or are not
likely to engage in any prohibited conduct.
Customer Verification Process:
● Collection of business contact and company information for each new
customer
● Verification of business legitimacy and operational status
● Assessment of intended use cases for telecommunications services
● Implementation of tiered verification levels based on traffic volume
requirements
Upstream Provider Verification:
● Confirmation that upstream providers are appropriately listed in the FCC's
RMD
● Verification that providers have not been delisted pursuant to an
enforcement action
● Regular monitoring of upstream provider status in the RMD
● Due diligence review of upstream provider business practices and
compliance history
Consistent with FCC Caller ID Authentication Best Practices No. 16 and 47 C.F.R. §
64.1200(n)(4), ULEC vets the identity of retail and wholesale subscribers in
conjunction with approving applications for service, provisioning network
connectivity, entering into contract agreements, and granting right-to-use
telephone number resources.
6. Contractual Provisions to Mitigate Illegal Robocalls
ULEC's commercial voice service customers are subject to robust terms and
conditions that obligate customers not to use ULEC's services for unlawful
purposes and preserve ULEC's right to terminate customers for violations of the
law.
Acceptable Use Policy Requirements:
ULEC mandates that each agreement with its customers incorporates ULEC's
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP), which prohibits the use of ULEC's network, machines,
or services in any manner that:
● Violates any applicable law, regulation, treaty, or tariff, including but not
limited to data privacy laws and laws restricting or prohibiting unlawful
robocalls, telemarketing calls or messages, and use of auto dialers
● Violates the acceptable use policies of any networks, machines, or services
accessed through ULEC's network
● Violates the privacy of others

● Involves deceptive online marketing practices or violates FTC guidelines for
proper marketing or telemarketing
● Involves the use or transmission of fraudulent traffic or fraudulent activity,
including call spoofing, traffic pumping fraud, and fraudulent bot traffic
● Falsifies, manipulates, spoofs, or otherwise tampers with user identification
information and/or caller identification information
● Fails to authenticate call traffic in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations
● Furnishes false or incorrect data or information to ULEC
● Impersonates or misrepresents the customer's affiliation with any person or
entity
Compliance Requirements:
● All customers must comply with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and
its implementing regulations
● Compliance with the Telemarketing Sales Rule required
● Adherence to regulations implementing the FCC's national Do-Not-Call
registry mandatory
● Communications Service Provider customers are responsible for ensuring
their own customers' compliance with the AUP
Enforcement Provisions:
ULEC reserves the right to suspend or terminate service without notice for
violations of the AUP or applicable law. In such instances, ULEC will discontinue
service and may seek legal recourse to recover all costs involved in enforcement.
7. Telephone Number Validation and Authorization
ULEC's telephone number authorization process is primarily based on direct
assignment of telephone numbers to customers either via purchase through ULEC's
systems or successful port onto the ULEC network.
Authorization Process:
● Direct TN assignment through ULEC's numbering inventory
● Letter of Authorization (LOA) process for number porting
● Verification with losing carriers for port validation
● Confirmation of customer's right to use specific telephone numbers
Attestation Standards:
When originating a call, ULEC checks the calling party number against ULEC's
inventory and provides appropriate attestation based on:
● Industry standards and best practices
● Customer's proven ownership or authorization to use the number
● Historical performance and compliance record of the customer

For customers wishing to use TNs not directly managed by ULEC, attestation
adjustments may be made if the customer:
● Is an existing ULEC customer in good standing
● Can provide proof of KYC or TN validation process for their customers
● Has received no industry complaints (tracebacks, vendors, or subpoenas)
during their tenure with ULEC
8. Do-Not-Originate List Management
Gateway Provider Operations:
When routing traffic as a Gateway Provider, ULEC blocks calls in accordance with
FCC Rule 47 C.F.R. § 64.1200(o)(1)-(4) purporting to originate from a number on a
reasonable Do-Not-Originate (DNO) list associated with North American Numbering
Plan (NANP) numbers.
Voice Service Provider Operations:
When serving as a Voice Service Provider, ULEC may block calls in accordance with
FCC Rule 47 C.F.R. § 64.1200(k)(2), including:
● Calls originating from DNO numbers
● Calls identified through reasonable analytics as highly likely to be associated
with one-ring scams
● Calls with invalid ANI information
DNO List Maintenance:
● Regular updates to DNO lists based on industry standards
● Implementation of protocols to detect and block DNO calls
● Monitoring and analysis of blocked call patterns
9. Traffic Source Verification
ULEC only accepts traffic from providers that satisfy minimum regulatory
requirements:
Domestic Voice Service Providers:
In accordance with 47 C.F.R § 64.6305(g)(1), ULEC accepts calls directly from
domestic Voice Service Providers only if:
● The provider's filing appears in the RMD
● The filing has not been de-listed pursuant to an enforcement action
Foreign Voice Service Providers:
In accordance with 47 C.F.R § 64.6305(g)(2), ULEC accepts calls from Foreign
Voice Service Providers or Foreign Intermediate Providers that use NANP resources
in the caller ID field only if:

● The foreign provider's filing appears in the RMD
● The filing has not been de-listed pursuant to an enforcement action
Gateway and Intermediate Providers:
ULEC applies similar verification requirements for Gateway Providers and Non-
Gateway Intermediate Providers, ensuring all upstream sources maintain current,
valid RMD filings.
10. Network Traffic Analysis and Monitoring
ULEC employs comprehensive traffic analysis and monitoring systems to detect
suspicious activity and potential illegal robocall traffic.
Internal Monitoring Systems:
● Daily extraction and analysis of call traffic data
● Monitoring of call length and call count patterns
● Analysis of answer success rates (ASR) and average call duration (ACD)
● Review of cancel/86 reports and other carrier performance indicators
● Real-time monitoring of traffic volume and patterns
Third-Party Analytics:
ULEC utilizes third-party analytics providers, including YouMail and other
recognized industry solutions, to enhance robocall detection capabilities
through:
● Machine learning algorithms for pattern recognition
● Industry-wide threat intelligence sharing
● Advanced analytics for suspicious calling behavior identification
● Automated alerting systems for potential fraudulent activity
Monitoring Metrics:
Activity is flagged as suspicious based on analysis of:
● Abnormal call volume patterns
● Unusual geographic distribution of calls
● Poor call completion rates
● High complaint ratios
● Known fraudulent calling signatures
● Payment method irregularities
11. Investigation of Suspicious Calling Patterns
When ULEC's monitoring systems detect call patterns consistent with illegal
robocalling, the company conducts thorough investigations and takes appropriate
corrective action.

Investigation Process:
● In-depth review by ULEC's engineering and compliance teams
● Direct contact with customers or carrier partners to address suspicious
activity
● Enhanced monitoring and reporting for specific customers under review
● Coordination with Industry Traceback Group when appropriate
● Documentation of all investigation activities and outcomes
Corrective Measures:
Depending on the severity of conduct and customer response, corrective measures
may include:
● Customer warnings and education
● Traffic throttling or limitations
● Enhanced monitoring requirements
● Service suspension
● Service termination
● Reporting to appropriate authorities
● Cooperation with law enforcement investigations
12. Foreign Provider Traffic Management
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 64.1200(n)(5), ULEC takes reasonable and effective steps
to ensure that any originating provider or intermediate provider, foreign or
domestic, from which it directly receives traffic is not using ULEC to carry or
process a high volume of illegal traffic onto the U.S. network.
Foreign Provider Oversight:
● Enhanced due diligence for foreign providers
● Regular review of traffic patterns from international sources
● Coordination with international traceback efforts
● Implementation of additional monitoring for foreign-originated traffic
13. Voice Traffic Authentication
ULEC implements comprehensive voice traffic authentication in accordance with
applicable FCC regulations:
Voice Service Provider Authentication (47 C.F.R. § 64.6301(a)):
● Authentication and verification of caller identification information for all SIP
calls exclusively transiting ULEC's network
● Authentication of caller identification information for all SIP calls ULEC
originates

● Verification of caller identification information for all SIP calls ULEC receives
from other providers
Gateway Provider Authentication (47 C.F.R. § 64.6302(c)):
● Authentication of caller identification information for all calls using NANP
resources in the caller ID field
● Proper handling of unauthenticated calls received from upstream providers
Non-Gateway Intermediate Provider Authentication (47 C.F.R. §
64.6302(d)):
● Authentication of caller identification information for calls received directly
from originating providers
● Proper forwarding of authentication information to downstream providers
14. Traceback Response Protocol
ULEC is committed to ensuring its network is not utilized for unwanted and illegal
robocalls and maintains a robust traceback response system.
Response Commitment:
In accordance with FCC regulations 47 C.F.R. § 64.1200(n)(1) and 47 C.F.R. §
64.6305, ULEC will:
● Respond to all traceback requests from the Commission, law enforcement,
and the Industry Traceback Consortium (ITG) within 24 hours during
business days
● Cooperate fully with investigating entities in stopping illegal robocallers
● Take effective steps to mitigate illegal traffic when receiving written notice
from the Commission's Enforcement Bureau
● Maintain detailed records of all traceback responses and investigations
Documentation and Cooperation:
● Comprehensive logging of all traceback requests and responses
● Coordination with upstream and downstream providers as needed
● Preservation of relevant call detail records and traffic analysis data
● Provision of technical assistance to authorized investigating entities
15. Designated Compliance Officer
To ensure ULEC's network is not utilized for unwanted and illegal robocalls, ULEC
designates the following individual to lead robocall mitigation efforts and respond
to traceback inquiries:
Contact Name: Kim Cupps
Contact Title: President

Contact Business Address: 8310 South Valley Highway, Suite 3060
Contact City: Greenwood Village
Contact State and Zip Code: Colorado, 80112
Contact Telephone Number: (720) 547-7369
Contact Email: Kim@ulec.com
This designated officer is responsible for:
● Overseeing implementation and maintenance of the RMP
● Coordinating responses to traceback requests
● Managing relationships with industry partners and regulatory bodies
● Ensuring ongoing compliance with FCC requirements
● Directing investigation of suspicious calling patterns
16. Plan Updates and Maintenance
Regular Updates:
Consistent with FCC Regulations 47 C.F.R. § 64.6305(d)(5), (e)(5) and (f)(5), ULEC
will:
● Update its submission in the RMD within 10 business days of any material
change
● Review and update this RMP annually or as regulatory requirements change
● Monitor industry best practices and incorporate improvements as
appropriate
Continuous Improvement:
ULEC's participation in industry working groups and monitoring of regulatory
developments ensures this RMP evolves to address emerging threats and
incorporates best practices from the telecommunications industry.
17. Training Program
ULEC has implemented a comprehensive training program focused on ensuring
personnel receive appropriate training on issues related to illegal robocalls and
regulatory compliance.
Management Training:
All management-level employees maintain continuing education on:
● Company RMP policies and procedures
● Latest FCC orders and regulatory requirements
● Scam and fraudulent traffic patterns and detection methods
● Robocall mitigation technologies and techniques
● Law enforcement cooperation requirements
● Call authentication protocols and requirements

● Industry best practices and emerging trends
Training Objectives:
● Ensure staff understanding of ULEC's role in robocall mitigation
● Maintain current knowledge of regulatory requirements
● Develop expertise in fraud detection and prevention
● Foster cooperation with industry and regulatory partners
● Support ULEC's strategic position as a responsible telecommunications
provider
Ongoing Education:
ULEC treats continuing legal and technical education as critical to its role in the
telecommunications ecosystem and its position as a partner in mitigating illegal
traffic.
Document Version: 1.0
Last Updated: January 2025
Next Review: January 2026 or upon regulatory changes
Approved By: Kim Cupps, President ULEC, LLC

EXHIBIT B
B1.FCC FRN

EXHIBIT B
B2. 499 Filer ID

EXHIBIT B
B3. 911Statement
ENHANCED 911 (E911) COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
ULEC LLC
Application for Internet Protocol Enabled Service (IPES) Authorization
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
ULEC LLC ("Company" or "ULEC") hereby submits this Enhanced 911 (E911) Compliance
Statement in support of its application for Internet Protocol Enabled Service (IPES)
authorization before the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC"). This document
demonstrates ULEC's comprehensive approach to meeting all obligations under through
certified E911 service provider partnership and mandatory customer location registration.
E911 SERVICE PROVIDER PARTNERSHIP
E911 Network
ULEC utilizes direct connectivity to Inteliquent Inc’s E911 service provider network through
a subsidiary to deliver emergency services connectivity for all VoIP customers.
Service Capabilities:
• E911 network with direct PSAP connectivity
• Automatic Location Identification (ALI) database management
• Master Street Address Guide (MSAG) validation services
• 24/7/365 emergency services network monitoring
• Redundant network architecture ensuring high availability
Technical Integration:
• Direct SIP trunk connectivity between ULEC's softswitch and Inteliquent's E911
network utilizing a subsidiary (anpi business llc), pathway via LCG
• Automated provisioning of customer location information to provider’s database
• Real-time location updates and emergency call routing based on registered customer
location at provider level
CUSTOMER LOCATION REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
Nomadic VoIP Service Compliance
ULEC provides nomadic VoIP services requiring mandatory location registration to ensure
E911 compliance and emergency services accessibility.
Registration Process:
1. Initial Service Activation: All nomadic VoIP customers must provide and verify
their primary service address during account setup
2. Location Validation: Customer addresses are validated against MSAG through 911
provider’s validation services

3. Database Provisioning: Validated location information is automatically
provisioned to the appropriate database
4. Customer Portal Access: Customers receive online portal access for location
management
Location Update Requirements:
• Customers must maintain current and accurate location information
• Online customer portal provides real-time location update capability with MSAG
validation
• 24/7 PSAP / ECRC routing for invalid location data
REGULATORY COMPLIANCE
FCC E911 Requirements
Service Delivery:
• All 911 calls routed to appropriate PSAP based on customer registered location
• Emergency call completion through national E911 service provider
Customer Notifications:
• Detailed E911 service explanation provided during service activation
• Clear communication of location registration importance and service limitations
• Notification that E911 service is tied to registered location for nomadic use
• Advisement to maintain alternative emergency communication methods when
traveling
Technical Standards Compliance
• Direct connectivity to national E911 service provider
• Compliance with NENA standards for emergency services
• 24/7 monitoring of E911 service availability
QUALITY ASSURANCE AND MONITORING
Service Reliability
• Continuous monitoring of E911 service
• Regular testing of emergency call routing and delivery
• Automated alerting for service disruptions
• Redundant network paths for emergency call delivery
Compliance Management
• Quarterly review of E911 service provider performance
• Annual audit of customer location database accuracy
• Compliance with FCC E911 outage reporting requirements

• Regular customer communication regarding location registration importance
CUSTOMER EDUCATION AND SUPPORT
Ongoing Communication
• Comprehensive E911 service documentation provided to all customers
• Clear instructions for updating location information through customer portal
• 24/7 customer ECRC support for invalid address or caller id routing
CONCLUSION
ULEC LLC's E911 compliance framework, implemented through partnership with provider
and mandatory customer location registration procedures, ensures full adherence to all FCC
emergency services requirements. This approach addresses the unique challenges of nomadic
VoIP services while maintaining reliable emergency services access and regulatory
compliance.
EXHIBIT B
B4. CALEA Statement
COMMUNICATIONS ASSISTANCE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT ACT (CALEA)
COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
ULEC LLC ("Company" or "ULEC") hereby submits this CALEA Compliance Statement in
support of its application for Internet Protocol Enabled Service (IPES) authorization before
the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC"). This document demonstrates ULEC's
approach to meeting all obligations under the Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act, and applicable FCC regulations.
CALEA COMPLIANCE FRAMEWORK
ULEC has implemented a dual-layer CALEA compliance framework that ensures full
adherence to all lawful intercept requirements through two complementary mechanisms:
1. UPSTREAM PROVIDER CALEA COMPLIANCE
ULEC's telecommunications services utilize interlata and intralata tandem providers that
maintain full CALEA compliance capabilities. These upstream providers serve as the
primary point of lawful intercept implementation for traffic traversing their networks.
Key Elements:
• All interlata tandem providers utilized by ULEC are CALEA-compliant
telecommunications carriers
• All intralata tandem providers utilized by ULEC maintain appropriate lawful
intercept capabilities
• Lawful intercept requests may be fulfilled directly at the tandem provider level for
applicable traffic
2. NATIVE PLATFORM CALEA CAPABILITIES
ULEC's network infrastructure includes native CALEA compliance capabilities integrated
into our core switching and routing platforms.

Technical Implementation:
• Router infrastructure with embedded CALEA functionality
• Softswitch platform with native lawful intercept capabilities
• Real-time lawful intercept delivery mechanisms
• Secure interfaces for law enforcement access
• Call detail record preservation and delivery systems
COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES
Lawful Intercept Request Processing
ULEC has established comprehensive procedures for processing lawful intercept requests:
1. Receipt and Validation: All CALEA requests are received through designated
secure channels and validated for proper legal authorization
2. Technical Implementation: Intercepts are activated within required timeframes
using appropriate technical methods as requested by the law enforcement agency
3. Delivery: Intercepted communications and call-identifying information are
delivered to requesting agencies in compliance with applicable standards
4. Documentation: All intercept activities are properly documented and audited
Direct Compliance Commitment
ULEC commits to full compliance with all CALEA requests received directly by the
Company. This includes:
• Immediate response to authorized lawful intercept orders
• Technical capability to intercept communications traversing ULEC's network
• Coordination with law enforcement agencies as required by applicable orders
Intercept Delivery Methods
ULEC maintains technical capability to deliver intercepted communications through multiple
methods as required by law enforcement agencies:
• Real-time content delivery
• Call detail record provision
• Electronic delivery to law enforcement facilities
• Secure data transmission protocols
REGULATORY COMPLIANCE
FCC Requirements
ULEC acknowledges and commits to compliance with all applicable FCC CALEA
requirements.
ONGOING COMPLIANCE ASSURANCE
Regular Review and Updates
ULEC maintains ongoing CALEA compliance through:

• Regular review of technical capabilities
• Updates to procedures based on regulatory changes
• Coordination with upstream providers on compliance status
• Employee training on CALEA requirements and procedures
• Quality assurance and testing
CONCLUSION
ULEC LLC's comprehensive CALEA compliance framework ensures full adherence to all
lawful intercept obligations through both upstream provider capabilities and native platform
functionality. The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standards of CALEA
compliance and will respond promptly and completely to all properly authorized lawful
intercept requests.
This dual-layer approach provides redundancy and ensures that ULEC can meet its CALEA
obligations regardless of the specific technical path of communications traversing our
network.
EXHIBIT C
Company Executive
Kimberly Cupps
Senior Telecommunications Executive | VoIP, Number Portability & Network
Infrastructure
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Ulec – President
April 2025 – Present
Spearheading the strategic development and oversight of interconnection
agreements and network architectures across multiple carriers.
Designing and implementing VoIP management systems to streamline
provisioning, routing, and monitoring functions.
Leading negotiations and contracts for softswitch technology deployment to
ensure scalable and resilient voice infrastructure.

Licensed as a Responsible Organization (RespOrg) with Somos, enabling direct
control of toll-free number routing and administration.
Driving hiring strategies and overseeing cross-functional teams, including network
engineers, support staff, and operations personnel.
Ensuring regulatory compliance, including FCC requirements and telecom
best practices.
Building automation tools for DID provisioning and SIP trunk configuration.
Commio – Director of Translations
March 2021 – March 2023
Directed the successful migration of Teli’s complex number portability and
translation systems into Commio’s architecture.
Oversaw LNP (Local Number Portability) processes for thousands of end-user
numbers, ensuring minimal downtime and customer impact.
Managed a cross-departmental team responsible for call routing translations and
intercarrier connectivity.
Enhanced system efficiencies by introducing API-driven porting procedures and
real- time routing updates.
Developed KPI tracking for routing accuracy and porting timelines to
optimize operations.
Teli Communications LLC – Vice President
April 2017 – March 2021
Directed CLEC licensing applications across multiple states, ensuring regulatory
readiness for nationwide operations.
Designed and deployed local number portability systems with real-time integration
to
Neustar APIs for rapid porting.
Led cross-functional teams in network engineering, regulatory affairs, and
customer provisioning.
Played a critical role in establishing Teli’s voice network infrastructure
and its expansion to nationwide footprint.
Developed disaster recovery strategies for routing and porting infrastructure.
Initiated analytics dashboards to monitor porting throughput and call path
efficiency.
Onvoy LLC – Director of Translations
June 2014 – March 2017
Oversaw large-scale number portability operations for both local and toll-free
services, supporting enterprise and wholesale clients.
Implemented robust routing logic using industry-standard translation tools to
improve call completion rates and reduce latency.

Collaborated with engineering and product teams to improve internal LNP tools
and streamline provisioning workflows.
Standardized processes for managing customer ports, reducing fallout rates and
rejections.
Vitelity Communications LLC – Director of Translations
December 2011 – June 2014
Architected systems for local and toll-free number portability, integrating with
external carriers and third-party databases.
Managed a team of support engineers and translation analysts, serving a customer
base of over 20,000 end users.
Created scalable workflows for handling high-volume porting requests and real-
time
call routing.
Instrumental in onboarding enterprise clients by customizing call routing
strategies and ensuring compliance with telecom standards.
Improved system reliability by integrating monitoring tools and proactive alert
systems.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
VoIP Technologies: SIP, RTP, DenovoLabs
Routing & Translations: LERG, Number Portability Administration Center (NPAC),
LNP, Toll- Free Routing
Porting Systems: Neustar APIs, Somos RespOrg Tools
Network: Interconnection Management, SS7, IP Peering, Redundancy Planning

Tools & Platforms: Wireshark, SIP Debugging Tools, Custom Provisioning Systems
Regulatory & Compliance: CLEC Licensing, FCC Compliance, CPNI Regulations
CERTIFICATIONS & AFFILIATIONS
Licensed RespOrg – Somos
Page | 1

Confidential EXHIBIT D
Confidential and Proprietary
1. Master Services Agreement: Wide Voice, LLC & ULEC, LLC
2. Exhibit 4: Provision of PSTN Network Hosting
3. Exhibit 1: PSTN Host LATA’s for IPES Carriers / Footprint
Page | 2