REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
July 7, 2023
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL
Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th St. SW
Washington, DC 20554
Re: REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT
Interconnected VoIP Numbering Authorization Application Filed by Consolidated
Communications Enterprise Services, Inc. Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) of the
Commission's Rules, WC Docket No. 23-6
Dear Ms. Dortch:
On December 19, 2022, Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc.
(“CCES”) filed an application seeking direct access to numbering resources for provision of
interconnected VOIP services (the “Application”). In the attached Supplement, CCES provides
additional operational information requested by the Wireline Competition Bureau staff
concerning that Application.
Pursuant to Section 0.459(b) of the Commission’s rules, CCES requests confidential
treatment of certain non-public information provided as Exhibit A to the Supplement. In support
of this request, CCES hereby states as follows:
(1) Identification of the specific information for which confidential treatment is
sought. CCES seeks confidential treatment of Exhibit A to the Supplement in its
entirety. Exhibit A is the “VoIP TN Service Schedule,” dated October 2, 2018, to the
Master Services Agreement between CCES and Inteliquent, Inc. (the “Confidential
Information”).
(2) Identification of the Commission proceeding in which the information was
submitted or a description of the circumstances giving rise to the submission.
The Confidential Information is submitted to supplement the CCES Application
currently pending in Interconnected VoIP Numbering Authorization Application Filed
by Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc. Pursuant to Section
52.15(g)(3) of the Commission's Rules, WC Docket No. 23-6.

REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc.
Request for Confidential Treatment
WC Docket No. 23-6
July 7, 2023
(3) Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial,
or contains a trade secret or is privileged. “[T]rade secrets and commercial or
financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential” are
exempt from disclosure under FOIA Exemption 4.1 CCES and its affiliates compete
vigorously for market share among business, enterprise, and residential customers;
government and non-profit entities; and other community anchor institutions such as
schools, libraries, and healthcare providers. The Confidential Information concerns
the terms and conditions for critical wholesale inputs to the services CCES provides.
Disclosure of that Information would harm the competitive position of CCES in these
important markets and place them at an unfair competitive disadvantage in seeking to
serve these customers.
(4) Explanation of the degree to which the information concerns a service that is
subject to competition. CCES operates in highly competitive telecommunications
markets across the country, facing substantial competition from wireline incumbents,
competitive providers (including other interconnected VOIP providers), and wireless
service providers. The presence of such competition and the likelihood of
competitive injury as a result of the release of the Confidential Information should
compel the Commission to withhold the information from public disclosure.2
(5) Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial
competitive harm. The Supreme Court has held that a showing of competitive harm
is not required to satisfy FOIA Exemption 4.3 Nevertheless, this information is
highly sensitive because multiple service providers compete, or could potentially
compete, with CCES and its affiliates throughout their service areas. Disclosure of
the Confidential Information would give competing service providers access to
sensitive information concerning CCES’s VOIP service operations. Doing so would
undermine its competitive position and would place CCES and its affiliates at an
unfair competitive disadvantage in the market.
(6) Identification of any measures taken by the submitting party to prevent
unauthorized disclosure. This information is not normally distributed, circulated, or
provided to any party outside of CCES and its affiliates. CCES treats this information
as confidential and competitively sensitive information; thus, only specialized
1 5 U.S.C. §552(b)(4).
2 Frazee v. U.S. Forest Service, 97 F.3d 367, 371 (9th Cir. 1996); CNA Financial Corp. v. Donovan,
830 F.2d 1132, 1152 (D.C. Cir. 1987); Gulf & Western Indus. v. U.S., 615 F.2d 527, 530 (D.C. Cir.
1979); National Parks & Conservation Assoc. v. Morton, 498 F.2d 765, 769-70 (D. C. Cir. 1974).
3 Food Mktg. Inst. v. Argus Leader Media, 139 S. Ct. 2356, 2363 (2019) (“Argus Leader”) (rejecting
“substantial competitive harm” as probative under FOIA Exemption 4).
2

REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc.
Request for Confidential Treatment
WC Docket No. 23-6
July 7, 2023
personnel within the company, as well as outside counsel who are bound by ethical
obligations to preserve client confidences, have access to it.4
(7) Identification of whether the information is available to the public and the extent
of any previous disclosure of the information to third parties. To the knowledge
of CCES, the Confidential Information is not available to the public and has not
previously been disclosed to third parties; any such disclosure would be made only
pursuant to confidentiality obligations and/or nondisclosure agreements.
(8) Justification of the period during which the submitting party asserts that
material should not be available for public disclosure. The Confidential
Information should remain subject to confidential treatment indefinitely. CCES
intends to operate indefinitely under the VoIP TN Service Schedule that comprises
the Confidential Information. Disclosure at any time would provide a competitive
and strategic advantage to CCES’s competitors.
(9) Any other information that the party seeking confidential treatment believes
may be useful in assessing whether its request for confidentiality should be
granted. The information covered by this request falls under Exemption 4 of the
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), insofar as this information is (i) commercial or
financial in nature; (ii) obtained by a person outside government; and (iii) privileged
and confidential. See, e.g., Washington Post Co. v. U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, 690 F.2d 525 (D.C. Cir. 1982).
* * * * *
For the foregoing reasons, and pursuant to section 0.459 of the Commission's rules, 47
C.F.R. § 0.459, CCES requests that the Commission withhold the Confidential Information from
public disclosure. If the Commission is unable for any reason to do so, CCES respectfully
requests that the Commission return the information pursuant to section 0.459(e) of the
Commission's rules, 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(e).
4 See Argus Leader, 139 S. Ct. at 2363 (explaining that information is confidential where a party
“do[es] not disclose . . . or make it publicly available . . . [and] only small groups of employees
usually have access to it”).
3

REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc.
Request for Confidential Treatment
WC Docket No. 23-6
July 7, 2023
Should you have any questions, please contact the undersigned at (202) 230-4962 or
richard@cameronlawpolicy.com.
Very truly yours,
Richard R. Cameron
Counsel for Consolidated Communications
Enterprise Services, Inc.
4

REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
July 7, 2023
VIA ELECTRONIC FILING
Ms. Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
45 L Street N.E.
Washington, D.C. 20554
Re: Supplement to Interconnected VoIP Numbering Authorization Application Filed
by Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc. Pursuant to Section
52.15(g)(3) of the Commission's Rules, WC Docket No. 23-6
Dear Ms. Dortch:
On December 19, 2022, Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc.
(“CCES”) filed an application seeking direct access to numbering resources for provision of
interconnected VOIP services (the “Application”). This Supplement provides additional
information concerning CCES’s operational and facilities readiness to provide interconnected
VOIP services, as requested by the staff of the Wireline Competition Bureau (the “Bureau”).
The Commission’s 2015 Order establishing the process for authorizing interconnected
VoIP providers to obtain direct access to telephone numbering resources permitted applicants to
“demonstrate proof of facilities readiness by . . . providing a combination of an agreement
between the interconnected VoIP provider and its carrier partner and an interconnection
agreement between that carrier and the relevant local exchange carrier.”1 To meet this
requirement, CCES’s Application explained that it currently provides interconnected VOIP
services under agreement to use facilities owned by its local exchange carrier (“LEC”) affiliates.
CCES further stated that, in areas where CCES does not have an LEC affiliate whose facilities it
can use to provision interconnected VOIP service, it has entered into an interconnection or Local
Transit agreement, such as the Master Services Agreement (“MSA”) currently in place between
CCES and Inteliquent, Inc.,2 dated May 15, 2018.
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, WC Docket No. 13-97, Report and Order, FCC 15-
70, 30 FCC Rcd 6839 (2015), at ¶ 37; see also 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D), 52.15(g)(2).
2 See Application, WC Docket No. 23-6 (filed Dec. 19, 2022), at 3.

REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc.
Request for Confidential Treatment
WC Docket No. 23-6
July 7, 2023
In this Supplement, CCES offers additional detail in support of those representations.
First, CCES calls the Bureau’s attention to the interconnection agreement in place between CCES
and AT&T Texas, which is a representative example among other interconnection agreements in
place in those states where CCES operates. That agreement can be found as follows:
Joint Application of Southwestern Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Texas and
Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc. for Approval of Amendment
to Interconnection Agreement under PURA and the Telecommunications Act of
1996, Docket No. 51032 (filed August 10, 2020), available at:
https://interchange.puc.texas.gov/search/documents/?controlNumber=51032&
itemNumber=4
Second, as Exhibit A, CCES submits the text of the VoIP TN Service Schedule to the
MSA. The VoIP TN Service Schedule supports CCES delivery of VoIP services in areas where
CCES lacks sufficient facilities or customer demand to provide these services efficiently using
its own Operating Company Number and interconnection agreements, chiefly (but not solely) in
areas outside of those served by one of CCES’s ILEC affiliates. For the reasons described in the
accompanying Request for Confidential Treatment, Exhibit A is redacted in its entirety from the
public version of this Supplement.
Please contact the undersigned should you have any questions.
Very truly yours,
Richard R. Cameron
Counsel for Consolidated Communications
Enterprise Services, Inc.
2

REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc.
Request for Confidential Treatment
WC Docket No. 23-6
July 7, 2023
EXHIBIT A
VoIP TN Service Schedule dated October 2, 2018, to the Master Services Agreement between
Inteliquent, Inc., and Consolidated Communications Enterprise Services, Inc.
[REDACTED IN ITS ENTIRETY]