Potomac Law Group, PLLC
1300 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 700
Washington, D.C. 20004
Telephone: (202) 204-3005
Fax: (202) 318-7707
July 18, 2017
PUBLIC VERSION –
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION EXCLUDED
VIA ECFS
Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Application of Exiant Communications LLC, Authorization to Obtain Numbering
Resources, Pursuant to Section 52.15(g), Docket No. 17-_____
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to §52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules,1 Exiant Communications LLC files
its Application for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources. Please note, this Application
contains confidential material, the disclosure of which would competitively harm the Company.
Accordingly, Exiant requests this material be filed under seal, pursuant to §0.459 of the
Commission’s Rules.2 In support of this request, Exiant submits the following:
1. Identification of the information for which confidential treatment is sought.
Exiant seeks confidential treatment of Exhibits A and B to its Application, and specific
references to these exhibits found in the body of its Application.
2. Description of the circumstances giving rise to the submission.
As part of its Application, Exiant is including the agreement between its carrier partner as
proof of its facilities readiness as required by §52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the Commission’s
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g).
2 47 C.F.R. § 0.459.

Marlene Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
July 18, 2017
Page 2 of 3
Rules, and copies of a number of the carrier’s interconnection agreements with
incumbent carriers.
3. Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial, or
contains a trade secret or is privileged.
The information for which Exiant seeks confidential treatment contains sensitive
commercial information “which would customarily be guarded from competitors.” The
Exhibits to this Application describes the agreement between Exiant and its carrier
partner and contains proprietary commercial information concerning Exiant’s network,
customers, and services.
4. Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial or
contains a trade secret or is privileged.
The Exhibits contain information relating to commercial matters which can be used by
other interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) providers to compromise
Exiant’s position in the highly competitive interconnected VoIP sector. Accordingly,
release of this information would result in substantial competitive harm to Exiant.
5. Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial competitive
harm.
Competitors could use Exiant’s proprietary commercial and operational information to
Exiant’s detriment as they would gain access to sensitive information concerning
Exiant’s commercial agreements, as well as information as to how Exiant provides its
services. This information is not typically disclosed publicly.
6. Identification of any measures taken to prevent unauthorized disclosure, or if the
information has been disclosed previously.
Neither Exiant nor its carrier-partner have distributed the information to the public or to
any third party.
7. Justification of the period during which Exiant asserts that material should not be
available for public disclosure.
Exiant requests that the Exhibits be treated as confidential for a minimum period of ten
years. This period is necessary due to the nature of the proprietary information in the
Exhibits of the Application.

Marlene Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
July 18, 2017
Page 3 of 3
A non-public version of this Application is being hand-delivered concurrently with this filing in
ECFS.
Please find two copies of this Application. Please date-stamp the additional copy and return to
the courier. Thank you for your assistance in this matter and please do not hesitate to contact me
at (202) 792-6422, or kmarshall@potomaclaw.com if you have any questions or concerns.
Respectfully submitted,
Katherine Barker Marshall, Counsel to Exiant Communications LLC
cc: Jim Finneran, Exiant Communications LLC