APELA Professional Services, LLC
Complex Telecommunications Consulting
2525 W. Rock Quarry Rd
Buford, GA. 30519
Telephone: 404-519-4096
July 28,2020
Ms. Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
RE: Request for Confidential Treatment to Application of Astro Telco, LLC .for
Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(G)
of the Commission’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch,
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Astro Telco,
LLC ; here forward known as (“Astro Telco”) hereby submits its application
requesting authorization to obtain numbering resources as an IPES carrier.
Astro Telco respectfully requests that, pursuant to Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of
the Commission’s rules, 47 C.F.R. § 0.457 and 0.459, the Commission withhold
from public inspection, Exhibit A to this application in its entirety as confidential
because the documents contain trade secrets and commercially sensitive “Pricing”
information that falls within Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act
(“FOIA”), 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4). The information in Exhibit A is “of a kind that would
not customarily be released to the public” and therefore, this information qualifies
for confidential treatment under FOIA. Astro Telco respectfully submits that it
would suffer substantial competitive harm if this information were disclosed.
Exhibit A is accordingly marked with “Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under
Seal Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459.”
In support of this request and pursuant to Section 0.459(b) of the Commission’s
rules, Astro Telco hereby states as follows:
1. SPECIFIC INFORMATION FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS
SOUGHT PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(1).
Astro Telco seeks confidential treatment of Exhibit A in its entirety.
Page | 1

Astro Telco,LLC
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION FILED UNDER SEAL, PURSUANT TO 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
2. CIRCUMSTANCES CAUSING THE SUBMISSION PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(2).
Astro Telco is submitting the confidential agreements between it and its
ICA/CLEC partner as proof of Astro Telco’s facilities readiness as required
by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the Commission’s rules.
3. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION IS
COMMERCIAL OR FINANCIAL,OR CONTAINS A TRADE SECRET OR IS
PRIVILEGED PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(3).
The information for which Astro Telco seeks confidential treatment contains
sensitive commercial information “which would customarily be guarded
from competitors” as defined in 47 CFR § 0.457(d)(2). Confidential Exhibit
A consists of commercial agreements between Astro Telco and its CLEC
partner of which contain proprietary information concerning Astro Telco’s
network, customers, and services.
4. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION
CONCERNS A SERVICE THAT IS SUBJECT TO COMPETITION PURSUANT TO
47 CFR § 0.459(b)(4).
Confidential Exhibit A contains information relating to commercial matters
that could be used by competitors to Astro Telco’s disadvantage. Astro Telco
has numerous competitors in the telecommunications industry in which it
operates. Detailed commercial information on operations of the type
provided by Astro Telco could compromise its position in this highly
competitive industry. Release of this information would therefore result in
substantial competitive harm to Astro Telco.
5. EXPLANATION OF HOW DISCLOSURE OF THE INFORMATION COULD
RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL COMPETITIVE HARM PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(5).
Competitors could use Astro Telco’s proprietary and commercial information
to its detriment as they would gain access to sensitive data about how Astro
Telco provides services as well as about Astro Telco’s commercial
agreements with others in the market that are not normally disclosed to the
public.
6. IDENTIFICATION OF ANY MEASURES TAKEN BY THE SUBMITTING
PARTY TO PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 47 CFR
§ 0.459(b)(6).
Page | 2

Astro Telco,LLC
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION FILED UNDER SEAL, PURSUANT TO 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
Astro Telco has not distributed the information in Confidential Exhibit A to
the public or any parties within Astro Telco or outside Astro Telco except
on a need-to-know basis.
7. IDENTIFICATION OF WHETHER THE INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE TO THE
PUBLIC AND THE EXTENT OF ANY PREVIOUS DISCLOSURE OF
THE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(7).
Astro Telco deems the information in Exhibit A to be confidential.
8. JUSTIFICATION OF THE TIME FRAME DURING WHICH THE SUBMITTING
PARTY BELIEVES THAT MATERIAL SHOULD NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(8).
Astro Telco requests that Confidential Exhibit A be treated as confidential
for a period of five years. This period is necessary due to the proprietary
nature of the information in Confidential Exhibit A.
9. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION THAT ASTRO TELCO BELIEVES MAY BE
HELPFUL IN DETERMINING WHETHER ITS REQUEST FOR
CONFIDENTIALITY SHOULD BE GRANTED PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(9).
The information deals with Astro Telco’s proprietary network, related to
current and planned operations, and as such, is commercially sensitive.
If you should have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me at
your convenience at 404-519-4096 or rongrob@apelaprofsvcs.com.
Respectfully submitted,
Ronald J Grob
APELA Professional Services, LLC
Senior Telecommunications Consultant To Astro Telco, LLC
Page | 3

Page | 4

Astro Telco,LLC
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION FILED UNDER SEAL, PURSUANT TO 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
Before the FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
20554
In the Matter of Astro Telco,LLC . ) WC Docket No. 20- ________
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF ASTRO TELCO, .FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN
NUMBERING RESOURCES
Astro Telco, LLC.(“Astro Telco”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s
Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order, an Interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are
requested. Such authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission
containing the information detailed in Section 52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s
Rules. Astro Telco hereby requests the Commission grant it that authorization. In support
of this application, Astro Telco provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Astro Telco,LLC
Address: 2501 N Harwood St, 20th floor, suite 2001
City: Dallas
State: Texas
ZIP Code: 75201
Telephone: 616-212-2121
Executive for Astro Telco:
Name: John Ofenloch, Jr.
Address: 211 E. 7th Street, Suite 620
City: Austin
State: Texas
ZIP Code: 78701
Telephone: 469-473-3300
Email:
Page | 1

Astro Telco,LLC
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION FILED UNDER SEAL, PURSUANT TO 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: Gerardo Tonini
Address: 259 Hoover Blvd Suite 160
City: Holland
State: MI.
ZIP Code: 49423
Telephone: 616-212-2121
Email: jet@astrotelco.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Astro Telco hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the
states. The Company hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to
compliance with industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to
telecommunications carriers. Astro Telco intends to offer services immediately in Texas
but seeks authority to access numbering resources throughout the United States.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Astro Telco acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Astro Telco authenticates its’ capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. Astro Telco is a recently-established interconnected VoIP
carrier providing voice and network services for small to medium sized businesses located
in the United States. The Company was founded by several highly experienced
telecommunications professionals and in addition, has several highly skilled technical
employees. Astro Telco has negotiated an Interconnect Agreement with Peerless
Networks, a (CLEC) Competitive Local Exchange Carrier, to serve as Astro Telco’s access
homing tandem and to route local and access traffic (both originating and terminating)
to the PSTN. Astro Telco will interconnect with and broadcast Peerless's tandem
platforms for the purposes of managing all codes assigned to Astro Telco OCNs. The
interconnect agreement demonstrating the access to the platform and capability (Peerless
Network) is attached to this application as Confidential Exhibit A.
Page | 2

Astro Telco,LLC
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION FILED UNDER SEAL, PURSUANT TO 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
In addition, Peerless’s interconnection to the PSTN through it’s MSA/ICA with two LECs is
included in Exhibit C. of this filing. One ICA with ATT/Southwestern Bell and another ICA
with GTE Southwest, DBA as Verizon Southwest is included. These two Interconnect
Agreements provide dual, redundant interconnections to the PSTN for Astro Telco.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Astro Telco hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering
Plan and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR
§§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its
911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management
team with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has
sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering
services. Astro Telco’s key management and technical personnel are identified in attached
Exhibit B. None of the identified personnel are being or have been investigated by the
Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any
law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Astro Telco hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988,21 U.S.C.
§ 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Astro Telco will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this application and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Astro Telco will
also furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state
commission when requesting numbers in that state.
Page | 3

Astro Telco,LLC
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION FILED UNDER SEAL, PURSUANT TO 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Astro Telco, respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
Respectfully submitted for Astro Telco,LLC
Ronald J Grob
APELA Professional Services, LLC
Principal Telecommunications Consultant To: Astro Telco, LLC
Page | 4

Confidential Exhibit A
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Separately Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459
ASTRO Telco,LLC Interconnect Documents
ASTRO TELCO LocalTermDOD-Final – Confidential
ASTRO TELCO MSA Final – Confidential
ASTRO TELCO PSTNC-IPV Final – Confidential
ASTRO TELCO Transit Final Confidential
ASTRO TELCO LDTerm-final Confidential

EXHIBIT B
Key Managerial and Technical Personnel
JOHN OFENLOCH JR. - President and CEO
John Ofenloch has more than 25 years of experience in a wide variety of industries,
including telecommunications, Internet services, technology, and integrated optic
manufacturing. His experience includes serving in senior management and interim
management roles, assisting in the development and implementation of restructuring
and business plans, creating strategic initiatives, and developing reporting packages
for ongoing analysis by management. He has overseen all aspects of finance and
accounting departments including assisting in the completion of an initial public
offering, negotiating sale-lease-backs, and working on various mergers and
acquisitions. Prior to his involvement with Satori Capital, Mr. Ofenloch worked for
FTI Consulting and previously held multiple senior management positions in finance,
operations, and treasury for wireless and telecommunications firms. He has served as
acting CFO and treasurer of a photonics component manufacturing company, where
he had overall responsibility for strategic planning, general accounting, treasury,
budgeting, financial reporting, and investor relations. He held the Deputy CFO
position at CAH, a holding company that controls telecommunications operating
divisions and subsidiaries in the U.S. Virgin Islands that include a local telephone
company, three cable companies, and a wireless company. He has also held the title
of Deputy CFO and Senior Vice President at Pacific Crossing Limited, a company
that operates a Trans-Pacific, sub-sea network providing a vital link between the U.S.
and Asia. While at Pacific Crossing, Mr. Ofenloch helped manage and guide the
company through a Chapter 11 bankruptcy process by cutting costs and improving
revenue, which resulted in a successful sale to NTT in Oct 2009.
Mr. Ofenloch holds a bachelor’s degree in finance from Auburn University and a
Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from Southern Methodist University.
directing telecom activities.
GERARDO TONINI – Vice President
Mr. Tonini has more than 41 years’ experience in computers and telecommunications
technologies offering a unique and diverse set of competencies spanning various
industries and disciplines ranging from computer manufacturing, telecommunication
technologies and Internet services. Co-founder of other CLEC businesses, one
becoming the first IP Triple Play Telecommunication Company in Michigan installing
fiber optics to the home (FTTH); delivering state-of-the-art VoIP, Internet, and IPTV
Services. He directed and managed all aspects of the CLEC business including but
not limited to, customer care, field operations, CLEC services, ordering local Loops,
resale services, support and billing, to legal and regulatory affairs, filing all necessary
reports with local and federal agencies. He designed and managed the construction of
an integrated Ethernet and SONET optical networks, built out Carrier Colocation
Central Offices; connecting local and remote central offices to telecommunications

Switch’s, IPTV Head end, to the Public Switched Telephone Network. He is
experienced in dealing with Carriers and Interconnection Agreements and all aspects
of Telecommunications.
Mr. Tonini has a proven track record in management and operations, including but not
limited to day-to-day customer provisioning, customer care, IT, telecom switching,
engineering, network planning, infrastructure implementation, product development
solutions, pricing, promotions and billing. Mr. Tonini utilizes his experience,
technology and partnerships to create solutions to business problems creating value
for shareholders and its customers.
Tim Zeller – Director of Telecommunications Billing
Tim Zeller has more than 22 years’ experience in the Telecommunications industry. His
knowledge includes Porting, SMS SOMOS entries, Switch Translations, E911
provisioning among other technical processes.
Mr. Zeller also has experience in CDR telecommunications analysis and reporting.
Analyzing millions of records utilizing SQL presenting data in a readable and
understandable format. He is an expert in telecommunications billing and FCC regulatory
reporting.
In his 22 years of telecommunications experience he has worked with several different
companies including traditional CLECs and Triple Play providers.

EXHIBIT C
Page 1 of 430
AT&T Wholesale Agreement

Contract Number: 19054
Page 1 of 532
Page 2 of 430
Customer Name: Peerless Network
Peerless ICA CT FL GA IN NC NV OH TN TX 3
Table of Contents 4
General Terms and Conditions 7
Signature Page 51
Attachment 02 - ISP - Network Interconnection 52
Attachment 03 - Structure Access 95
Attachment 04 - Local Number Portability and Numbering 128
Attachment 05 - 911 - E911 136
Attachment 06 - Customer Information Services 144
Attachment 07 - Operations Support Systems 157
Attachment 08 - Bona Fide Request 171
Attachment 09 - Performance Measurements 175
Attachment 10SW - ABT-Billing-Collecting-Remitting and Clearinghouse 179
Attachment 10W - ABT-Data Exchange 185
Attachment 10MWSE - ABT-Non-Intercompany Settlements 193
Attachment 11 - Daily Usage File 197
Attachment 12 - Collocation 200
Attachment 13 - 251c3 UNES 235
Attachment 14 - xDSL Loops 260
Attachment 15 - Coordinated Hot Cut 265
Attachment 16 - Resale 269
Pricing Schedule 275
CT Pricing Schedule - UNE 280
CT Pricing Schedule - Collocation 282
IN Pricing Schedule - UNE ISP 288
IN Pricing Schedule - Collocation 295

NV Pricing Schedule -UNE Rec ISP 301
NV Pricing Schedule - UNE Non - Rec - OANAD 322
NV Pricing Schedule - Collocation 324
OH Pricing Schedule - UNE ISP 330
Page 2 of 5321 Note: This page is not part of the actual signed contract/amendment, but is present for record keeping
purposes only.4 3

Page 4 of 430
CLEC Agreement with:
Peerless Network
Page 4 of 5323 4 3 CCCS 3 of 424
Page 11 of 430
Page 4 of 44
Peerless Network
INTERCONNECTION AND/OR RESALE AGREEMENT

UNDER SECTIONS 251 AND 252 OF THE TELECOMMUNICATIONS
ACT OF 1996
This Interconnection and/or Resale Agreement under Sections 251 and 252 of the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the
Agreement), by and between one or more of the AT&T Inc. owned ILECs: BellSouth
Telecommunications, Inc. d/b/a AT&T Alabama, AT&T Florida, AT&T Georgia, AT&T
Kentucky, AT&T Louisiana, AT&T Mississippi, AT&T North Carolina, AT&T South
Carolina, and AT&T Tennessee; Illinois Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Illinois,
Indiana Bell Telephone Company Incorporated d/b/a AT&T Indiana, Michigan Bell
Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Michigan, Nevada Bell Telephone Company d/b/a
AT&T Nevada, The Ohio Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Ohio, Pacific Bell
Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T California, The Southern New England Telephone
Company d/b/a AT&T Connecticut, Southwestern Bell Telephone Company d/b/a
AT&T Arkansas, AT&T Kansas, AT&T Missouri, AT&T Oklahoma, AT&T Texas and
Wisconsin Bell, Inc. d/b/a AT&T Wisconsin, (only to the extent that the agent for each such
AT&T-owned ILEC executes this Agreement for such AT&T Inc. owned ILEC and only to the
extent that such AT&T Inc. owned ILEC provides Telephone Exchange Services as an ILEC in
each of the State(s) listed below) and Peerless Network of Connecticut, LLC, Peerless Network of
Florida, LLC, Peerless Network of Georgia, LLC, Peerless Network of Indiana, LLC, Peerless
Network of North Carolina, LLC, Peerless Network of Nevada, LLC, Peerless Network of Ohio,
LLC, Peerless Network of Tennessee LLC, and Peerless Network of Texas, LLC (“CLEC” also
referenced as “Peerless Network”), (Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, North Carolina,
Nevada, Ohio, Tennessee, and Texas Limited Liability Companies), shall apply to the States of
Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, North Carolina, Nevada, Ohio, Tennessee and Texas.
WHEREAS, CLEC represents that it is, or intends to become, a provider of
Telephone Exchange Service to residential and business End Users offered exclusively over its
own Telephone Exchange Service facilities or predominantly over its own Telephone Exchange
Service facilities in combination with the use of 251(c)(3) Unbundled Network Elements
purchased from other entity(ies) and the Resale of Telecommunications Services of other carriers.
WHEREAS, the Parties want to Interconnect their networks at mutually agreed
upon Points of Interconnection to provide Telephone Exchange Services and Exchange Access to
residential and business End Users over their respective Telephone Exchange Service facilities in
the state or states which are subject to this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the Parties are entering into this Agreement to set forth the
respective obligations of the Parties and the terms and conditions under which the Parties will
Interconnect their networks and facilities and provide to each other services as required by the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 as specifically set forth herein; and
WHEREAS, for purposes of this Agreement, CLEC intends to operate where one or more
of the AT&T Inc. entities, hereinafter referred to as, BellSouth Telecommunications, Inc.
d/b/a AT&T Alabama, AT&T Florida, AT&T Georgia, AT&T Kentucky, AT&T
Louisiana, AT&T Mississippi, AT&T North Carolina, AT&T South Carolina, and AT&T
4 3

Tennessee; Illinois Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Illinois, Indiana Bell
Telephone Company Incorporated d/b/a AT&T Indiana, Michigan Bell Telephone
Company d/b/a AT&T Michigan, Nevada Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T
Nevada, The Ohio Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T Ohio, Pacific Bell Telephone
Company d/b/a AT&T California, The Southern New England Telephone Company
d/b/a AT&T Connecticut, Southwestern Bell Telephone Company d/b/a AT&T
Arkansas, AT&T Kansas, AT&T Missouri, AT&T Oklahoma, AT&T Texas and
Wisconsin Bell, Inc. d/b/a AT&T Wisconsin, the Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier(s) and
CLEC, a Competitive Local Exchange Carrier, has or, prior to the provisioning of any
Interconnection, access to 251(c)(3) Unbundled Network Elements, Telecommunications Services
or any other functions, facilities, products or services hereunder, will have been granted authority
to provide certain local Telephone Exchange Services in the foregoing ILEC Service areas by the
appropriate State Commission(s);
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
Page 11 of 5320 CCCS 10 of 424
Page 27 of 430
Page 20 of 44
Peerless Network
be deemed a CLEC to CLEC Mass Migration. The CLEC that is a Party to this
Agreement shall provide AT&T22STATE with ninety (90) calendar days advance
written Notice of any CLEC to CLEC Mass Migration. CLEC’s written Notice shall
include the anticipated effective date of the assignment or transfer. The acquiring
CLEC must cure any outstanding charges associated with any Interconnection
Service to be transferred. In addition, the acquiring CLEC may be required to tender
additional assurance of payment if requested under the terms of the acquiring CLEC’s
agreement.
7.5.2 Both CLECs involved in any CLEC to CLEC Mass Migration shall comply
with all Applicable Law relating thereto, including but not limited to all FCC and
state Commission rules relating to notice(s) to End Users. The acquiring CLEC shall
be responsible for issuing all service orders required to migrate any Interconnection,
Resale Service, 251(c)(3) UNEs, function, facility, product or service provided
hereunder. The appropriate service order charge or administration fee (for
Interconnection) will apply as specified in the Pricing Schedule to the acquiring
CLEC’s agreement. The acquiring CLEC shall also submit a new Operator Services
Questionnaire (OSQ) to update any OS/DA Rate Reference information and
Branding pursuant to the rates specified in the Pricing Schedule to the acquiring
4 3

CLEC’s agreement. In addition, the acquiring CLEC shall pay any and all charges
required for re-stenciling, re-engineering, changing locks and any other work
necessary with respect to Collocation, as determined on an individual case basis.
7.6 Project Coordination:
7.6.1 AT&T-22STATE will provide project management support to effectuate
changes of the types identified in Section 7.5 above.
7.6.2 AT&T-22STATE will provide project management support to minimize any
possible service outages during any CLEC to CLEC Mass Migration. Should AT&T-
22STATE’s most current version of LSOR or ASOR guidelines not support the
required order activity, AT&T-22STATE will issue service orders at the manual rate,
as specified in the Pricing Schedule to this Agreement, based upon type of service
provided, and on the condition that CLEC provides to AT&T-22STATE any and all
information AT&T-22STATE reasonably requests to effectuate such changes.
7.7 Referral Announcement
7.7.1 When an End User changes its service provider from AT&T-22STATE to
CLEC or from CLEC to AT&T22STATE and does not retain its original telephone
number, the Party formerly providing service to such End User shall furnish a referral
announcement (“Referral Announcement”) on the original telephone number that
specifies the End User’s new telephone number in accordance with any applicable
state laws, rules and tariffs.
8.0 Effective Date, Term and Termination
8.1 Effective Date:
8.1.1 In AT&T-22STATE, with the exception of AT&T OHIO, the Effective Date
of this Agreement shall be ten (10) calendar days after the Commission approves this
Agreement under Section 252(e) of the Act or, absent such Commission approval,
the date this Agreement is deemed approved under Section 252(e)(4) of the Act. In
AT&T OHIO, based on the PUC-OH, the Agreement is Effective upon filing and is
deemed approved by operation of law on the 91st day after filing.
8.2 Term:
8.2.1 Unless terminated for breach (including nonpayment), the term of this
Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall
expire on July 19, 2012 (the “Initial Term”).
8.3 Termination for Nonperformance or Breach:
Page 27 of
5326
8.3.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, either Party may
terminate this Agreement and the provision of any Interconnection Services provided
pursuant to this Agreement, at the sole discretion of the terminating Party, in the event
that the other Party fails to perform a material obligation or breaches a material term
of this Agreement and the other Party fails to cure such nonperformance or breach
within forty-five (45) calendar days after written Notice thereof. If the
nonperforming Party fails to cure such nonperformance or breach within the forty-
five (45) calendar day period provided for within the original Notice, then the
terminating Party will provide a subsequent written Notice of the termination of this
4 3

Agreement and such termination shall take effect immediately upon delivery of
written Notice to the other Party.
CCCS 26 of 424
Page 28 of 430
Page 21 of 44
Peerless Network
8.3.2 If, at any time during the term of this Agreement, AT&T-22STATE is unable
to contact CLEC pursuant to the Notices provision hereof or any other contact
information provided by CLEC under this Agreement, and there are no active services
being provisioned under this Agreement, then AT&T-22STATE may, at its
discretion, terminate this Agreement, without any liability whatsoever, upon sending
of notification to CLEC pursuant to the Notices section hereof.
8.4 Termination of Agreement after initial term expiration:
8.4.1 Where CLEC has no End Users or is no longer purchasing any services under
this Agreement, CLEC may terminate the Agreement by providing “Notice of
Termination” to AT&T-22STATE at any time after the initial term of this
Agreement. After termination the Parties’ liability for termination of this Agreement
shall be limited to obligations under the Survival 40.1 below of this GTC.
8.4.2 Where CLEC has End Users and/or is purchasing Interconnection Services
under this Agreement and either Party seeks to terminate this Agreement, CLEC shall
cooperate in good faith to effect an orderly transition of service under this Agreement.
CLEC shall be solely responsible (from a financial, operational and administrative
standpoint) to ensure that its End Users are transitioned to a new LEC prior to the
expiration or termination date of this Agreement.
8.4.3 If at any time within one hundred and eighty (180) days or any time thereafter
of the expiration of the Term, if either Party serves “Notice of Expiration,” CLEC
shall have ten (10) calendar days to provide AT&T-22STATE written confirmation
to the Notice of Expiration indicating if CLEC wishes to pursue a successor
agreement with AT&T-22STATE or terminate its Agreement. CLEC shall identify
the action to be taken in each of the applicable state(s). If CLEC wishes to pursue a
successor agreement with AT&T-22STATE, CLEC shall attach to its written
confirmation or Notice of Expiration, a written request to commence negotiations
with AT&T22STATE under Sections 251/252 of the Act and identify each of the
state(s) to which the successor agreement will apply. Upon receipt of CLEC’s
Section 252(a)(1) request, the Parties shall commence good faith negotiations for a
successor agreement.
8.4.4 If the Parties are in “Active Negotiations” (negotiations within the statutory
clock established in the Act under Section 252(b)) or have filed for arbitration with
the Commission upon expiration date of the Agreement AT&T22STATE shall
continue to offer services to CLEC pursuant to the rates, terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement until a successor agreement becomes effective between the
Parties. AT&T-22STATE’s obligation to provide services under this Agreement
4 3

beyond the expiration date conditions upon the Parties adherence to the timeframes
established within Section 252(b) of the Act. If CLEC does not adhere to said
timeframes or CLEC withdraws its arbitration or seeks an extension of time or
continuance of such arbitration with AT&T22STATE’s consent, AT&T-22STATE
may provide Notice to CLEC that all services provided thereafter shall be pursuant
to the rates, terms and conditions set forth in AT&T-22STATE’s then current
standard interconnection agreement (“Generic”) as found on AT&T’s CLEC Online
website.
8.4.5 Either on or following the expiration date of this Agreement, if the Parties have
not entered into a new agreement or are not in Active Negotiations as described in
Section 8.4.4 above, then upon written Notice to CLEC by AT&T-22STATE,
AT&T-22STATE may continue to offer services to CLEC pursuant to the rates,
terms and conditions set forth in AT&T-22STATE’s then current Generic found at
the AT&T CLEC Online website. At any time thereafter, the Parties may initiate
negotiations for a new agreement by providing a written Notice under Section 252 to
the other Party.
9.0 End User Fraud
9.1 AT&T-22STATE shall not be liable to CLEC for any fraud associated with CLEC’s End User
account, including 1+ IntraLATA toll, ported numbers, and ABT.
9.2 The Parties agree to cooperate with one another to investigate, minimize, and take corrective
action in cases of fraud involving 1+ IntraLATA toll calls, ABT, and ported numbers. The Parties'
fraud minimization procedures are to be cost-effective and implemented so as not to unduly burden
or harm one Party as compared to the other.
9.3 In cases of suspected fraudulent activity by an End User, at a minimum, the cooperation
referenced in Section 9.1 above will include providing to the other Party, upon request, information
concerning End Users who terminate services to that Party without paying all outstanding charges.
The Party seeking such information is responsible for securing the End User's permission to obtain
such information.
Page 28 of 5327 CCCS 27 of 424
4 3

Page 52 of 430
Page 512 of 532 CCCS 51 of 424

AGREEMENT
by and between
PEERLESS NETWORK OF TEXAS LLC
and
GTE SOUTHWEST INCORPORATED, DIB/A
VERIZON SOUTHWEST
FOR THE STATE OFTEXAS
PN
comp va.3

7
AGREEMENT
PREFACE
This Agreement ("Agreement') shall be deemed effective as of April 24,
2009 (the "Effective Date"), between Peerless Network of Texas LLC a
limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Texas,
with offices at 225 W. Washington Street, Suite 1285, Chicago, IL 60606
and GTE Southwest Incorporated, d/b/a Verizon Southwest
("Verizon"), a corporation organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware with offices at 600 Hidden Ridge, HQE04H12, Irving, TX 75038
(Verizon and PN may be referred to hereinafter, each, individually as a
"Party", and, collectively, as the "Parties").
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement, and
intending to be legally bound, pursuant to Section 252 of the Act, Verizon
and PN hereby agree as follows:
The Agreement
1 .1This Agreement includes: (a) the Principal Document; (b) the Tariffs
of each
Party applicable to the Services that are offered for sale by it in
the Principal Document (which Tariffs are incorporated into
and made a part of this Agreement by reference); and, (c) an
Order by a Party that has been accepted by the other Party.
1 .2 Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Principal
Document (including, but not limited to, the Pricing
Attachment), conflicts among provisions in the Principal
Document, Tariffs, and an Order by a Party that has been
accepted by the other Patty, shall be resolved in accordance
with the following order of precedence, where the document
identified in subsection "(a)" shall have the highest precedence:
(a) the Principal Document; (b) the Tariffs; and, (c) an Order
by a Party that has been accepted by the other Party. The fact
that a provision appears in the Principal Document but not in a
Tariff, or in a Tariff but not in the Principal Document, shall
not be interpreted as, or deemed grounds for finding, a
conflict for the purposes of this Section 1.2.
PN TX
comp va.3

1 .3 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the
Parties on the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior
or contemporaneous agreement, understanding, or
representation, on the subject matter hereof, provided,
however, notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement or otherwise, this Agreement is an amendment,
extension and restatement of the Parties' prior interconnection
and resale agreement(s), if any, and, as such, this Agreement is
not intended to be, nor shall it be construed to create, a novation
or accord and satisfaction with respect to any prior
interconnection or resale agreements and, accordingly, alt
monetary obligations of the Parües to one another under any
prior interconnection or resale agreements shall remain in full
force and effect and shall constitute monetary obligations of the
Parties under this Agreement (provided, however, that nothing
contained in this Agreement shall convert any claim or debt that
would otherwise constitute a prepetition claim or debt in a
bankruptcy case into a postpetition claim or debt). In
connection with the foregoing, Verizon expressly reserves all
of its rights under the Bankruptcy Code and Applicable Law to
seek or oppose any relief in respect of the assumption,
assumption and assignment, or rejection of any interconnection
or resale agreements between Verizon and PN.
24
Except as otherwise provided in the Principal Document, the
Principal Document may not be waived or modified except by
a written document that is signed by the Parties. Subject to the
requirements of Applicable Law, a Pany shall have the right to
add, modify, or withdraw, its Tariff(s) at any time, without the
consent of, or notice to, the other Pany.
2. Term and Termination
2.1 This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and,
unless cancelled or terminated earlier in accordance with the
PN TX
comp va.3

terms hereof, shall continue in effect until April 23, 2011 (the
"Initial Term"). Thereafter, this Agreement shall continue in
force and effect unless and until cancelled or terminated as
provided in this Agreement.
2.2 Either PN or Verizon may terminate this Agreement effective
upon the expiration of the Initial Term or effective upon any
date after expiration of the Initial Term by providing written
notice of termination at least ninety (90) days in advance of the
date of termination.
2.3 If either PN or Verizon provides notice of termination pursuant
to Section 2.2 and on or before the proposed date of
termination either PN or Verizon has requested negotiation of a
new interconnection agreement, unless this Agreement is
cancelled or terminated earlier in accordance with the terms
hereof (including, but not limited to, pursuant to Section 12),
this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of: (a) the
effective date of a new interconnection agreement between PN
and Verizon; or, (b) the date one (I ) year after the proposed
date of termination.
2.4 (f either PN or Verizon provides notice of termination pursuant
to Section 2.2 and by 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the proposed
date of termination neither PN nor Verizon has requested
negotiation of a new interconnection agreement, (a) this
Agreement will terminate at 1 1 PM Eastern Time on
the proposed date of termination, and (b) the Services being
provided under this Agreement at the time of termination wilt
be terminated, except to the extent that the Purchasing Party
has requested that such Services continue to be provided
pursuant to an applicable Tariff or Statement of Generally
Available Terms (SGAT).
Glossary and Attachments
The Glossary and the following Attachments are a part of this
Agreement:
Additional Services Attachment
Interconnection
Attachment Resale
Attachment
Network Elements Attachment
Collocation Attachment
PN TX
comp va.3

91 1 Attachment
Pricing Attachment
4. Applicable Law
4.1 The construction, interpretation and performance of this
Agreement shall be governed by (a) the laws of the United
States of America and (b) the laws of the
2
25
SIGNATURE PAGE
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement
to be executed as of
PN TX
comp va.3

the Effective Date.
PEERLESS NETWORK OF TEXAS LLC
By:
Printed: Scott Kell
Title: Chief Operating Officer
GTE SOUTHWEST INCORPORATED, DIBIA VERIZON SOUTHWEST
By:
Printed reyA . M asoner
Title: Vice President Services
PN TX
comp va.3