Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of Apeiron Systems, Inc. ) WC Docket No. 17- ________
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF APEIRON SYSTEMS, INC.
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Apeiron Systems, Inc. (“Apeiron”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s
Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described below. Under the
Commission's Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain numbering
resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may be
obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section
52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)- (G) of the Commission’s Rules. Apeiron hereby requests the Commission
grant it that authorization. In support of this application, Apeiron provides the following
information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Apeiron Systems, Inc.
Address: 2629 Manhattan Ave. #166
City: Hermosa Beach, California
State: California
ZIP Code: 90254
Telephone: 888 273-4766
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015).
1

Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: Josh Ploude, President
Address: 2629 Manhattan Ave. #166
City: Hermosa Beach, California
State: California
ZIP Code: 90254
Telephone: 888 273-4766
Fax: 888 273-4766
Email: jp@apeironsys.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Apeiron hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under Section
52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company
hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The
numbering resources that are the subject of this Application will be used to provide
interconnected VoIP services initially in California, New York, Texas, Virginia and Indiana.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Apeiron acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Apeiron hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. Apeiron is a recently-established interconnected VoIP provider
messaging and network services to businesses located in the United States. Apeiron has
approximately 2000 customers that range from residential end users to small, medium and large
businesses. The Company was founded by an experienced telecommunications professional, and
2

has an agreement in place with a competitive local exchange carrier, Inteliquent, to route traffic
to the incumbent carriers. Apeiron will interconnect with and broadcast Inteliquent's tandem
platforms for the purposes of managing all codes assigned Apeiron OCNs. The agreement
demonstrating the access to this platform and capability is attached to this application as Exhibit
A.
Apeiron has also entered into agreements and achieved full OSS integration with four carriers for
access to DIDs: Inteliquent, Verizon, bandwidth.com, and Windstream. With these agreements in
place, the carriers will provide PSTN connectivity for inbound calls to these numbers. Due to
their large size, Apeiron provides the following link to the current interconnection agreements
between Inteliquent and ILECs in California, New York, Texas, Virginia and Indiana:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwaTVQGw8AJLNl83UEltajg0NHc.
In addition, Apeiron has developed an integrated back office support system with the ability to
schedule and process Local Number Portability orders from customers, and has staff experienced
in handling LNP between itself, other carriers and interconnected VoIP providers. Apeiron has
also entered into a contract with Neustar for LNP services attached as Exhibit B.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Apeiron hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32,
its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47
CFR part 9.
3

F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team with
substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient
technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services. Apeiron’s
key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the identified personnel are
being or have been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency
for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
Key Personnel:
President and CEO – Josh Ploude
Josh Ploude is the President and CEO of Apeiron. Josh has been responsible for building local
interconnection networks and CLEC facilities since 2001 and has assisted more than 5 CLECs to
integrate NANPA & National Pooling assigned numbers to their OCNs across the country.
Josh's experience is as follows:
1999-2005 - CTO of PCS1/Datavo - A facilities-based CLEC serving a California-wide
footprint.
2006-2010 - President/CEO of Ethos Communications - a consultancy helping CLECs and ISPs
with operational and technology development
2010-2014 - CTO of TNCI - A facilities-based CLEC & ISP serving a 48 state footprint
2014-Present - Founder & President of Apeiron Systems
CTO – Slava Yanson
As CTO of Apeiron, Slava has overseen the development of all of the company’s software and
operational infrastructure. Apeiron’s business is built on an industry leading BSS/OSS. Slava has
been responsible for this software platform and its integration to the network and external
partners enabling a fully automated communications orchestration capability that plays a vital
role in Apeiron’s products.
Slava’s experience is as follows:
2012–2014 – Infrastructure Architect for Grail – news feed and video content aggregation and
distribution platform.
4

2010–2012 – CTO & President of Killer Beaver – Software and Business Process Consultancy
delivering scalable and automated solutions for clients of the company
2008-2010 – CTO of OneCubicle - Social collaboration and job search platform for college
graduates.
2006–2008 – Senior Framework Architect at Wiredrive - Cloud-media sharing platform for
advertising, entertainment and consumer marketing companies.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Apeiron hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal benefits
pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988,21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Apeiron will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application, and will file a correction with the Commission
and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Apeiron will also furnish accurate
regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting
numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Apeiron Systems, Inc.
respectfully requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain
numbering resources.
5

Respectfully submitted,
APEIRON SYSTEMS, INC.
through counsel,
_________________________
Kristopher E. Twomey
Law Office of Kristopher E. Twomey, P.C.
1725 I Street, NW, Suite 300
Washington, DC 20006
202 681-1850
kris@lokt.net
Date: July 28, 2017
6

Exhibit A
Inteliquent-Apeiron Systems, Inc. Master Service Agreement
7

Exhibit B
Neustar- Apeiron Systems, Inc. Local Number Portability Agreement
8

NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement
THIS NUMBER PORTABILITY ADMINISTRATION CENTER/SERVICE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ("NPAC/SMS") USER
AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of 05/03/2017 ("Effective Date") by and between Apeiron Systems,
Inc. ("User") having offices at 2629 Manhattan Ave. #166, Hermosa Beach, California 90254, USA and NeuStar, Inc., a
Delaware corporation and the successor to Lockheed Martin IMS, having offices at Loudoun Tech Center, 21575 Ridgetop
Circle, Sterling, VA 20166.
WITNESSETH:
WHEREAS, the Contractor has entered into the Master Contract (as defined below) with the North American Portability
Management LLC ("Customer"), a Delaware limited liability company and successor to Western Region Telephone Number
Portability, LLC, to provide the Number Portability Administration Center and Service Management System to support the
implementation and provision of local number portability in the Service Area (as defined in the Master Contract); and
WHEREAS, the User wishes to receive the NPAC/SMS Services (as defined below) of Contractor in the Service Area; and
WHEREAS, Contractor is willing to provide the NPAC/SMS Services to User and desires to do so for the compensation and in
accordance with the terms and conditions herein and in the Master Contract; and
WHEREAS, Customer intends that access to the NPAC/SMS Database will be made available on a nondiscriminatory basis
and intends that any future changes made to the NPAC/SMS Database will be reasonable and nondiscriminatory, and made in
good faith, and consistent with the North American Numbering Council's ("NANC") and the FCC's requirements; and
WHEREAS, the representatives of the Contractor and User possess proper and sufficient authority to agree.
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, it is
hereby agreed as follows:
ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS
All capitalized terms used herein and not expressly defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the
Master Contract. As used throughout this Agreement, the following shall have the meanings set forth below unless otherwise
indicated:
1.1 The term "Agreement" shall mean the terms and conditions contained herein and any other appendix, attachment, exhibit
or documents made a part hereof or incorporated herein by reference (including the Application), including any and all
amendments to this Agreement.
1.2 The term "Application" shall mean the Application for NPAC/SMS Services submitted by User to Contractor in order to
apply to receive NPAC/SMS Services in the Service Area, as the same may be amended from time to time as provided in
Section 7.4 hereof. A copy of User's completed Application is attached hereto as Attachment A.
1.3 The term "Certified System" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(b) hereof.
1.4 The term "Confidential Information" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1 and 15.2 of the Master Contract.
1.5 The term "Contractor" refers to NeuStar, Inc. a Delaware corporation and successor to Lockheed Martin IMS, having
offices at at the address set forth above and shall include its permitted successors or assigns pursuant to Article 22 of the
Master Contract.
1.6 The term "Customer" shall mean North American Portability Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and
successor to Western Region Telephone Number Portability, LLC.
1.7 The term "Effective Date" shall mean the date of this Agreement, as set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.
1.8 The term "Master Contract" shall mean that certain Agreement for Number Portability Administration Center/Service
Management System dated February 13, 1998, between Contractor and Customer, including all Exhibits, appendices,
attachments and other documents included in the definition of "Agreement" thereunder, as the same may be amended
from time to time. A copy of the Master Contract in effect as of the Effective Date is attached hereto as Attachment B.
J-1
CONFIDENTIAL

NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement
1.9 The term "NPAC/SMS Services" shall mean the NPAC/SMS and Services (as such terms are defined in the Master
Contract) required to be delivered by Contractor under the Master Contract to Users.
1.10 The term "Party" or "Parties" shall mean Contractor and/or User.
1.11 The term "Service Establishment Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Article 8 hereof.
1.12 The term "Statements of Work" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.12 hereof.
1.13 The term "Test Schedule" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof.
1.14 The term "Third Party" shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, association or other entity, other than the
Parties to this Agreement or the Customer.
1.15 The term "User Data" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.62 of the Master Contract.
ARTICLE 2 - MASTER CONTRACT TO GOVERN
2.1 Incorporation of Master Contract
The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Master
Contract. This Agreement shall be interpreted subject to, and in a manner consistent with, the Master Contract. If any
term or condition of this Agreement is in conflict with a term or condition of the Master Contract, the term or condition of
the Master Contract shall govern (and the inconsistent term or condition in this Agreement shall be of no force or effect).
2.2 Amendments to the Master Contract
User acknowledges that (i) the Master Contract may be amended from time to time and (ii) that any such amendments
may be material to User and may include amendments to, among other things, the rates and charges for the NPAC/SMS
Services. User hereby agrees to be bound by any such amendments to the Master Contract that affect this Agreement
(including, without limitation, any changes to the abovereferenced rates and charges), and to execute any amendments
necessary to this Agreement in order to cause it to conform to the Master Contract, as amended. Contractor shall make a
reasonable effort to keep User advised of any impending changes to the Master Contract, and shall furnish User with any
amendments to the Master Contract.
ARTICLE 3 - TERM
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire coincident with the expiration of the Master Contract
(giving effect to any and all renewal(s) of the Master Contract as provided in Article 3 thereof), unless terminated earlier
pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof.
ARTICLE 4 - COMPENSATION
The rates and charges for the NPAC/SMS Services, including a general discussion concerning the allocation thereof, are set
forth in Article 6 and Exhibit E of the Master Contract. In general, for any specific billing period, the amount that User will
compensate Contractor for certain rates and charges pursuant to this Agreement will be an allocated amount of the aggregate
of such rates and charges of all Users in the Service Area during such billing period. The Allocation Model will be determined
based upon an order of either the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC"), or the state public utilities commission ("State
Commission") having jurisdiction over the applicable rates and charges, and will be subject to change without notice to User
pursuant to order of either the FCC or a State Commission. Customer will determine and provide Contractor with the initial
Allocation Model which shall apply pending a decision of either the FCC or applicable State Commission, and will thereafter
provide Contractor with an updated Allocation Model based upon orders of the FCC or State Commissions. Contractor's invoice
to User will indicate the User's allocated amount of rates and charges, which shall be the amount due and owing Contractor
pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof.
User hereby acknowledges that the Master Contract also provides that Contractor and Customer may agree to changes in the
rates and charges for the NPAC/SMS Services under Statements of Work entered into thereunder, and otherwise under
provisions of the Master Contract. User hereby further acknowledges and agrees that any such changes in the rates and
charges may be made without prior advance notice to User hereunder, and User agrees to be bound thereby.
J-2
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
ARTICLE 5 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARTIES
5.1 Representations and Warranties of Contractor
Contractor hereby represents and warrants to User as follows:
(a) Contractor has the full authority to enter into and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement. Contractor
has read this Agreement and the Master Contact, understands the same, and agrees to be bound by all the
terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement and, to the extent it affects this Agreement, the Master
Contract.
(b) Contractor warrants that the NPAC/SMS Software will not contain, either now or in the future, any malicious
code, program, or other internal component (e.g. software virus, software worm, software time bomb, Trojan
Horse or similar component), which could damage, destroy, or alter Software or hardware of User, or which
could, in any manner, reveal, damage, destroy, or alter any data or other information accessed through or
processed by the NPAC/SMS Software in any manner or which could adversely affect the operation of a
computer or its memory by User. Contractor shall immediately advise User, in writing, upon reasonable suspicion
or actual knowledge that the NPAC/SMS Software may result in the harm described above.
(c) Contractor warrants that the NPAC/SMS shall operate without Defects during the term of this Agreement.
5.2 Representations and Warranties of User
User hereby represents and warrants to Contractor as follows:
(a) User has the full authority to enter into and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement. User has read this
Agreement and the Master Contract, understands the same, and agrees to be bound by all the terms, conditions
and provisions of this Agreement and, to the extent it affects this Agreement, the Master Contract.
(b) All of the information provided by User in its Application for NPAC/SMS Services was true and correct as of the
date initially provided to Contractor, and shall remain true and correct in all material respects throughout the term
of this Agreement, giving effect to any amendments thereto pursuant to Section 7.4 hereof.
ARTICLE 6 - OBLIGATIONS OF CONTRACTOR
6.1 Provision of NPAC/SMS Services
Except with respect to the training and testing referred to in Sections 6.2(c), 6.3, 7.3(b) and 7.5 below, beginning on the
Service Establishment Date and throughout the term of this Agreement, Contractor shall provide the NPAC/SMS
Services to User hereunder in accordance with its obligations under the Master Contract, including, without limitation,
the following obligations generally described (with Article/Section references below in this Section 6.1 referring to
Articles/Sections in the Master Contract):
(a) the obligation to provide the NPAC/SMS Services in accordance with the Service Levels, as provided under
Section 8.3, and to do so with parity among Users, as provided under Section 27.3;
(b) the obligation to monitor compliance with the Service Levels and to report thereon, as provided under Section
8.4;
(c) the obligation to maintain safety and physical security at the NPAC/SMS Data Centers and to report events of
Unauthorized Access of which it is aware, as provided under Section 8.5;
(d) the obligation to (i) pay the expenses of providing the NPAC/SMS and the costs of operating the NPAC/SMS
Data Centers and (ii) provide appropriate staffing at the NPAC/SMS Data Centers, in each case, as provided in
Section 8.6;
(e) the obligation to provide training courses for User personnel, as provided in Section 8.7;
J-3
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
(f) the obligation to indemnify User for any charges that may be levied against User as the result of Contractor's
failure to pay Contractor's taxes, as provided in Section 8.8;
(g) the obligation to (i) obtain all licenses and authorizations required of Contractor (as provided in Section 8.9) and
to comply with all laws (as provided in Sections 8.10 and 8.11), in each case, in order to perform its obligations
hereunder, and (ii) pay all fines imposed on User for Contractor's noncompliance;
(h) the obligation to provide high quality service to User and to measure and report thereon, as provided in Section
8.12;
(i) the obligation to (i) provide a "Hotline Service" to enable User to obtain answers to routine questions, resolve
problems and report defects or failures in the NPAC/SMS (as provided in Section 10.1) and (ii) use its best efforts
to correct problems caused by the NPAC/SMS (as provided in Section 10.2);
(j) the obligation to (i) provide system status reports to User in the event of a disaster at a NPAC/SMS Data Center
(as provided in Section 12.4) and (ii) inform User of the database status after employing disaster recovery
procedures (as provided in Section 12.5);
(k) the obligation to maintain the confidentiality of User Data, as provided in Article 15;
(l) the obligation to indemnify Users pursuant to Section 18.1 and the obligation to pursue one (1) or more of the
various alternatives set forth in Section 18.2 if use of the NPAC/SMS is prevented or likely to be prevented;
(m) the obligation to include User as an additional insured on its required insurance in the manner provided in Section
20.1; and
(n) the obligation to correct any Defects in the NPAC/SMS, as provided in Section 21.3.
6.2 Connectivity Consultation; Testing and Training Scheduling
(a) Contractor agrees to make itself available to consult with User, at User's request, regarding the number and type
of data circuits required by User to connect to the NPAC/SMS given the configuration of User's system.
(b) Upon the request of User pursuant to Section 7.3(a) below, Contractor shall schedule the testing of User's
system (the date on which testing is scheduled to begin being referred to herein as the "Start Test Date"), taking
into account, among other things, the date on which User's Application was submitted in relation to the
Applications of other Users, the expected date on which User's System will be a Certified System (pursuant to
Section 7.3(b) below), the date on which User anticipates its data circuits will be installed, and the availability of
testing "slots," given the scheduled testing of other Users.
(c) Upon the request of User pursuant to Section 7.5 below, Contractor shall use its best efforts, subject to its
existing training commitments for the personnel of other Users, to schedule the training of User's personnel such
that the training is completed prior to User's anticipated Service Establishment Date.
6.3 Testing of User's Certified System
Upon receipt of notice and proper evidence from User that it has a Certified System, Contractor shall test User's
Certified System beginning on the Start Test Date in accordance with the Turnup Test Plan referenced in Section 8.1 of
the Master Contract. On or prior to the Start Test Date, Contractor and User shall agree on an appropriate test events
schedule for User's Certified System, based on the activities required under the Turnup Test Plan, with such test events
schedule then being attached hereto as Attachment C (the "Test Schedule"). If User has completed Turnup Testing as
of the Network Test Readiness Date, Contractor shall also include User's Certified System in the Network Testing
Contractor will perform pursuant to Section 8.1(b) of the Master Contract.
J-4
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
ARTICLE 7 - OBLIGATIONS OF USER
7.1 Payment of Fees
User agrees to pay Contractor for the NPAC/SMS Services it receives hereunder and all other amounts for which it is
appropriately invoiced by Contractor pursuant to this Agreement or the Master Contract within forty-five (45) days of
receipt of Contractor's invoices therefor. Late payments will be subject to a 1.25% interest charge per month, or, if
lower, the maximum rate permitted by law.
Contractor shall make commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate User's requests for billing by Electronic Data
Interexchange or other special billing formats. Any requests for special formats, which require a Statement of Work
under Article 13 of the Master Contract, must first be submitted to Customer for approval.
Except as otherwise required by a rule or order of the FCC or applicable State Commission, Contractor shall not back
bill User for Contractor billing errors after more than six (6) months have passed since issuance of the invoice upon
which the charges should have appeared; provided, however, that the foregoing limitation shall not apply with respect to
taxes that are imposed by law on User but which are required by law to be collected and remitted by Contractor.
7.2 Disputed Invoices
Any billing disputes shall be promptly presented to Contractor in reasonable detail, in writing. Any requests for
adjustment shall not be cause for delay in payment of the undisputed balance due. User may withhold payment of any
amounts which are subject to a bona fide dispute; provided it shall pay all undisputed amounts owing to Contractor that
have been separately invoiced to User. If re-invoice occurs following the forty-five (45) day payment schedule, such
invoice for the undisputed amount shall be paid within ten (10) business days of receipt by User. User and Contractor
shall seek to resolve any such disputes expeditiously, but in any event within less than thirty (30) days after receipt of
notice thereof. If the Parties are unable to resolve a dispute within such period, then they may resort to the procedures
set forth in Article 13 of this Agreement. All disputed amounts ultimately paid or awarded to Contractor shall bear
interest from the forty-fifth (45th) day following the original invoice therefor in accordance with Section 7.1.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, User may not withhold payment of any amounts invoiced by Contractor based solely
upon a dispute between Customer and User concerning how User is allocated charges under the Allocation Model.
7.3 Schedule Testing; User System Certification; Delivery of User System for Testing
(a) Once User has determined the expected date on which its system will be a Certified System and the expected
date on which User's data circuits will be installed, it shall request Contractor to schedule testing of its Certified
System in accordance with Section 6.2(b) above. User shall promptly notify Contractor upon becoming aware of
any circumstances which make it unlikely that User's Certified System will be available for testing on the
scheduled Start Test Date, in which case, Contractor shall offer User an alternative Start Test Date, after
reexamination of the factors referred to in Section 6.2(b) above.
(b) Prior to the Start Test Date, as defined in Section 6.2 (b) above, User shall have its System Order Administration
and/or Local Service Management System tested and certified that it meets the NPAC/SMS Interoperable
Interface Specifications set forth in Exhibit C to the Master Contract (the "Certified System"). Once User has a
Certified System, it shall (i) deliver written notice and proper evidence thereof to Contractor in order to begin
testing on the Start Test Date and (ii) shall agree with Contractor on an appropriate Test Schedule. The amount
and timing of payment of testing charges is set forth in Article 6 and Exhibit E of the Master Contract.
7.4 Update Application Information
User will immediately notify Contractor in writing of any changes that need to be made to the information in its
Application in order to maintain the truth and accuracy of such Application information. User's notice of any such
changes in information shall be attached to and become a part of User's Application (Attachment A).
J-5
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
7.5 Training of User Personnel
User shall request Contractor to schedule the training of its personnel with respect to the NPAC/SMS, which
training, and User rights in connection therewith, will be consistent with the provisions of Section 8.7 in the Master
Contract. User may cancel a training course scheduled by Contractor at any time upon written notice to
Contractor; provided, however, that User shall be liable to Contractor for all reasonable expenses incurred by
Contractor in preparation for the course that are not otherwise recoverable by Contractor if such training course is
canceled by User less than two (2) weeks prior to the start of such course.
User may have an individual trained in the operation of the NPAC/SMS train other employees of User; provided
that, User must notify Contractor at the time the training course is scheduled if it desires the individual(s) being
enrolled to be trained as trainers. User agrees that all its employees trained as trainers will schedule and attend,
at User's expense, any additional training courses necessitated from time to time to maintain such individual's
expertise as a trainer with respect to any Enhancement or Maintenance Modification to the NPAC/SMS Software.
The amount and timing of payment of training charges is set forth in Article 6 and Exhibit E of the Master
Contract.
7.6 Use of User Data
User shall treat User Data as Confidential Information of the other Users which have provided such information.
User Data shall not be:
(a) used by User other than for the purpose of routing, rating, or billing calls or performing network maintenance in
connection with the provision of telecommunications services;
(b) disclosed, sold, assigned, leased or otherwise provided to any Third Party (other than the rightful owner of
such data), except (i) as provided for in this Agreement or the Master Contract or (ii) as provided for by law
or rule, regulation or order of the FCC or other regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over NPAC/SMS
Service;
(c) transferred or otherwise provided to a Third Party LSMS; or
(d) commercially exploited
7.7 Security, Unauthorized Access
User shall protect and limit access to any log-on identification code password(s) to its employees who have a need for
such access for uses permitted under this Agreement, and shall be responsible for all usage of its codes or any User
Data.
7.8 User Provided Data
User shall provide all User Data to Contractor in the manner agreed upon by the Parties. User agrees that Contractor
will not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage or inconvenience suffered by User or by any Third Party arising out
of Contractor's inability to perform the NPAC/SMS Services due to a failure of User to provide all of the necessary User
Data when required or by reason of any deficiencies in the User Data furnished to Contractor by User. All User Data
shall remain the property of the User furnishing it, as specified in Article 15 of the Master Contract.
7.9 Facilities Expenses; Contact with End-User Customer
(a) User shall be responsible for providing, and shall pay all expenses and costs of the procurement and provision of,
all hardware, system software, telecommunications services, facilities and supplies required to access the
NPAC/SMS from such User's facilities up to the point of presence, including without limitation, all common carrier
charges and all costs of telephone and terminal equipment.
(b) User shall have the sole obligation to interact with its end-user customers in all matters pertaining to its provision of
services to such customers, including the placing and handling of service orders, service installation, operation and
termination, dispute handling and resolution, and billing and collection matters.
J-6
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
7.10 Compliance with Laws
User shall comply, at its expense, with all applicable laws relating to the provision of local number portability, the receipt
of Services or performance of its obligations hereunder, and all applicable rules, regulations and rules of the FCC and
the State Commission having appropriate jurisdiction over User or its business. Pursuant to Sections 14.6 and 25.2 of
the Master Contract, User agrees to pay certain costs, penalties or fines, if any, incurred by Contractor in taking any
actions in order to comply with certain laws, regulations, or audit requirements.
7.11 Appointment of Project Representative
User shall (i) maintain a Project Representative who shall act as the primary interface between User and Contractor's
Project Executive with respect to matters arising under this Agreement and (ii) notify Contractor of any changes in the
identity of such designee. User's initial Project Representative and Contractor's Project Executive are identified in
Attachment D to this Agreement.
7.12 Statements of Work
User may order services from Contractor in connection with special, one-time situations that require additional staffing
and resources to perform such services which lie outside the scope of NPAC/SMS Services or require that work be
performed on an overtime basis; provided, however, that User hereby agrees that any such requests of Contractor shall
be made through Customer pursuant to Section 7.13 below. Contractor's rates and charges for such services are
referenced in Section 13.4(f) of the Master Contract.
7.13 Interface with Customer on Master Contract Issues
User shall make any requests for Additional Services and Statements of Work (as described in Section 13.4 of the
Master Contract) under the Master Contract and coordinate any other activities under the Master Contract through
Customer's Project Executive. As of the date hereof, Customer's Project Executive is identified in Attachment D to this
Agreement.
ARTICLE 8 - CONDITIONS TO SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT
Contractor shall provide on or after the Acceptance Date, the NPAC/SMS Services of uploading and downloading telephone
numbers to User hereunder upon satisfaction by User of each of the following conditions, unless otherwise waived by
Contractor in writing (the date on which such services are first provided hereunder being referred to herein as the "Service
Establishment Date"):
(a) all of the information in the Application is true and correct in all material respects as of such date;
(b) successful completion of testing of User's Certified System pursuant to the Turnup Test Plan (and, if applicable,
Network Testing) and Section 6.3 hereof; and
(c) completion of training of User's personnel pursuant to Section 7.5 hereof.
ARTICLE 9 - CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
During the term of this Agreement, either Party may receive or have access to Confidential Information of the other Party or of
other Users. Except as provided in Section 7.6 above, the receiving Party shall not, without first receiving the disclosing party's
written consent, disclose to any Third Party, or use for any purpose other than the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, any Confidential Information, or information or materials developed by the receiving Party based on Confidential
Information, that it has received or to which it has had access during the term of this Agreement. Each Party shall use no less
than the same means (but in any event not less than reasonable means) it uses to protect its similar confidential and
proprietary information to prevent the disclosure and to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information of the other
Party and other Users.
ARTICLE 10 - TERMINATION; FORCE MAJEURE
10.1 Termination
J-7
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
This Agreement shall terminate upon the occurrence of the following:
(a) immediately upon termination or expiration of the Master Contract (giving effect to any and all renewal(s) of the
Master Contract as provided in Article 3 thereof); provided, however, that in the event Customer elects to extend the
Master Contract pursuant to Section 24.2 thereof, then the Master Contract will not be deemed to have terminated
for purposes of this Agreement until the end of the period of such extension;
(b) immediately, if User is not or ceases to qualify as a Service Provider or User in the Service Area, or was porting
numbers and is no longer porting numbers in the Service Area, or if User violates any restrictions on use imposed
under Section 7.6 hereof;
(c) upon written notice of termination to Contractor for Contractor's chronic failure to provide the NPAC/SMS Services
pursuant to Section 16.5 of the Master Contract; or
(d) upon written notice of termination by the non-breaching party to the breaching party following a breach by a party of
its representations and warranties hereunder or a failure by a party to perform any of its material obligations
hereunder (except, in the case of Contractor, the obligation referenced in Section 10.1(c) hereof), and where such
breach or failure is continuing at the time of the termination and has continued for a period of at least thirty (30) days
following receipt of written notice of such failure or breach from the non-breaching party; provided, however, that
where such failure or breach (other than with respect to a payment obligation) cannot reasonably be cured within
such thirty (30) day period, so long as the breaching party is diligently pursuing such cure, the time for curing such
failure shall be extended for such period as may be necessary for the breaching party to complete such cure.
Subject to Section 6.1(k) hereof (and related Section 15.3 of the Master Contract), upon termination and regardless of
any dispute between the Parties, all property, equipment, data, documents, or other material of User, excluding User
Data necessary in the provision and operation of NPAC/SMS Services, pertaining to this Agreement in the possession
of Contractor, its employees, agents or subcontractors, shall be returned to User within fifteen (15) days of the date of
the notice of termination.
The termination rights provided to the Parties under this Article 10 are not intended to constitute an election of
remedies, and the Party terminating this Agreement is entitled to any additional rights and remedies available to it at law
or in equity, subject to the limitations and exclusions in this Agreement. All rights and remedies of the Parties herein
created or otherwise existing at law or in equity are cumulative, and the exercise of one (1) or more rights or remedies
shall not be taken to exclude or waive the right to exercise any of the others.
10.2 Force Majeure
Any failure or delay by Contractor or User in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement shall not be a
ground for termination hereunder to the extent such failure or delay was caused, directly or indirectly, by a Force
Majeure Event, as defined in Section 16.6 of the Master Contract. If any Force Majeure Event occurs with respect to
User, rendering the User unable to access NPAC/SMS Services in any manner, the User shall give immediate notice to
the Contractor, stating the nature of the Force Majeure Event and any action being taken to avoid or minimize its effect,
and the User may elect to suspend charges and Services under this Agreement for the duration of the Force Majeure
Event. Once the Force Majeure Event ceases, User shall resume performance under this Agreement.
ARTICLE 11 - LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY; INSURANCE
11.1 Damages
Each Party's liability for damages arising out of its breach of its obligations under this Agreement shall be limited to
direct damages and neither Party shall have any liability whatsoever for consequential, incidental, special, punitive or
indirect damages (including, without limitation, lost profits) of the other Party or any Third Party, even if a Party has been
advised of the possibility of such damages; provided, however, that (i) for purposes of this Agreement, Contractor
agrees that the direct damages of the nature listed in Section 19.1 of the Master Contract shall be "direct damages"
hereunder with respect to User and (ii) the Parties agree that the limitations and exculpation of liability set forth in this
Article 11 (except for the limitation as to punitive damages) are not applicable to
J-8
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
(a) indemnification claims hereunder, (b) liability resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of a Party, or
(c) any breach of a Party's confidentiality obligations hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to breaches of a Party's confidentiality obligations hereunder (a
"Confidentiality Breach"), clause (c) of the foregoing sentence shall not be effective, and a Party's liability shall be
limited to direct damages, if the breaching Party (a) promptly documents to the other Party's reasonable satisfaction, in
a writing certified by an officer of the breaching party, that the Confidentiality Breach was inadvertent and not the result
of any failure by such Party, its officers, employees, agents and independent contractors to use all reasonable efforts to
comply with their confidentiality obligations pursuant to this Agreement (including without limitation compliance with
such party's internal confidentiality procedures) and (b) uses its best efforts to effect a prompt cure of such
Confidentiality Breach and at its own expense takes all steps reasonably requested by the other Party to (i) identify the
source or causes of the Confidentiality Breach, (ii) prevent any further such breaches, (iii) retrieve any Confidential
Information which may have been disseminated in connection with the Confidentiality Breach, (iv) cooperate in the other
Party's pursuit of legal or equitable remedies against any Third Parties (including the breaching Party's employees,
agents and independent contractors) responsible for such breach, and (v) cooperate with the other Party in its efforts to
mitigate the effects of the Confidentiality Breach. Nothing in this provision shall limit or be deemed a waiver of any other
remedies available to the non-breaching Party under law, equity or contract with respect to any Confidentiality Breach.
11.2 Insurance
User must maintain (i) Worker's Compensation insurance as prescribed by the law of the applicable state and (ii)
commercial general liability insurance (including contractual liability and products liability coverage) with combined
single limits of at least $2,000,000 in the general aggregate for bodily injury and property damage. User's policies with
respect to the insurance referred to in (ii) above must be endorsed to name Contractor as an additional insured and
state that "[Contractor] is to be notified in writing at least thirty (30) days prior to any cancellation of, or change in, the
coverage limits." User must furnish certificates evidencing the foregoing insurance coverage with its Application.
11.3 Self-Insurance
User may self insure the risks for which insurance is otherwise required under this Article upon written request to and
approval, in writing, by Contractor. Approval by Contractor of self-insurance shall not be unreasonably withheld and
shall be based upon Contractor's reasonable assessment that User's net worth, financial history and stability appear to
be sufficient to satisfy any obligation User could reasonably be expected to incur during the term of this Agreement.
11.4 User's Failure to Maintain Insurance
If User fails to maintain the insurance required of it by this Article 11, Contractor may, but shall have no obligation to,
procure such insurance. In such event, Contractor shall invoice User directly for all premiums and other charges
incurred in connection therewith and User shall promptly reimburse Contractor for all such premiums and other charges
incurred by Contractor in obtaining such coverage.
ARTICLE 12 - INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
12.1 Mutual Indemnification
Each Party shall defend against suits, claims and demands and shall indemnify and hold harmless the other, its
corporate affiliates, its members, its members' affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents
and their successors and assigns against and from any and all losses, liabilities, damages, and expenses (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) included in a settlement (between the indemnifying Party and a Third
Party) of such suits, claims or demands, or awarded to a Third Party by a court or appropriate administrative agency of
competent jurisdiction, including without limitation, those based on contract or tort arising out of or in conjunction with,
but only to the extent that such losses, liabilities, damages, claims, demands, and expenses arise out of or in
connection with, (i) personal injury
J-9
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
(including death) or damage to tangible property arising from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of the
indemnifying Party or its subcontractors, or the officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns of any of
them during the term of this Agreement or any transition period as provided under Article 24 of the Master Contract, or
(ii) assertions under Workers' Compensation or similar laws made by persons furnished by the indemnifying Party
during the term of this Agreement or any transition period as provided under Article 24 of the Master Contract.
12.2 Contractor Indemnification
Contractor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the User and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and
agents and their successors and assigns against and from any and all losses, liabilities, suits, damages, claims,
demands, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) included in a settlement (between
Contractor and a Third Party) of such suits, claims or demands, or awarded to a Third Party by a court or appropriate
administrative agency of competent jurisdiction, including, without limitation those based on contract or tort arising out of
or in conjunction with, but only to the extent that such losses, liabilities, damages claims, demands, and expenses arise
out of, or in connection with, personal injury (including death) or damage to tangible personal property caused by
defective or malfunctioning or improperly provided Software or services provided by Contractor during the term of this
Agreement or any transition period as provided under Article 24 of the Master Contract. For the purposes of this Article,
Third Party includes a regulatory agency having jurisdiction over Customer, its members, or Users.
12.3 Procedures
The indemnified Party shall promptly notify the indemnifying Party of any written claim, loss, or demand for which the
indemnifying Party is responsible under this Article and shall cooperate with the indemnifying Party as reasonably
required. An indemnified Party shall be entitled, upon its request and at its expense, to participate in the defense of any
lawsuit arising from any indemnifiable claim when and for so long as such Party is a named party to such lawsuit;
provided, however, that the indemnified Party may not settle any such lawsuit without the indemnifying Party's consent.
ARTICLE 13 - ARBITRATION
13.1 Arbitration Procedures
Any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, which cannot be resolved by negotiation, shall be settled by
binding arbitration in Denver, Colorado in accordance with the J.A.M.S/Endispute Arbitration Rules and Procedures
("Endispute Rules"), as amended by this Agreement. The costs of arbitration, including the fees and expenses of the
arbitrator, shall be shared equally by the Parties unless the arbitration award provides otherwise. Each Party shall bear
the cost of preparing and presenting its case. The Parties agree that this provision and the arbitrator's authority to grant
relief shall be subject to the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16 et seq. ("USAA"), the provisions of this
Agreement, substantive law, and the ABA-AAA Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes. The Parties
agree that the arbitrator shall have no power or authority to make awards or issue orders of any kind that provide for
punitive or exemplary damages. The arbitrator's decision shall follow the plain meaning of this Agreement, the Master
Contract and relevant documents, and shall be binding. The arbitrator shall render a written and reasoned opinion
setting forth both findings of fact and conclusions of law. Any Party may appeal a decision of the arbitrator to the FCC or
a State Commission, if the matter is within the jurisdiction of the FCC or a State Commission. Any Party aggrieved by a
decision on appeal to the FCC or a State Commission may exercise the right to obtain judicial review thereof in
accordance with applicable law. The award may be confirmed and enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. All
post proceedings, except those before the FCC or a state regulatory agency, shall be governed by the USAA.
13.2 Exclusions from Arbitration
The following disputes shall not be subject to arbitration under this Article 13:
(a) disputes arising under this Agreement with respect to the delivery of NPAC/SMS Services consistent with the
Service Levels and/or in conformity with the Specifications, which disputes, if any, shall be referred to Customer for
resolution with Contractor pursuant to the dispute resolution procedures set forth in Article 26 of the Master
Contract; except that User may bring an action regarding Customer's resolution of such dispute before the FCC or
any state regulatory agency having jurisdiction over the NPAC/SMS; or
J-10
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
(b) disputes arising under this Agreement or the Master Contract concerning how Customer has allocated charges to
Users under the Allocation Model, which disputes, if any, (shall be referred to Customer for resolution or may be
brought before any regulatory agency having jurisdiction thereof; or)
(c) disputes in circumstances where the time required for arbitration would cause irreparable harm; or
(d) any dispute between the owner of User Data and User regarding misuse of the subject User Data; or
(e) any other disputes which the Parties agree in writing to exclude from arbitration.
13.3 Joinder to Arbitration under Master Contract
Upon written notice to User, either Contractor, Customer, any other User or any arbitrator appointed under Section 26.2
of the Master Contract may join User to any arbitration brought under the Master Contract where User's presence in the
arbitration is necessary for complete relief, and User hereby agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the arbitrator in such
instance.
ARTICLE 14 - ASSIGNMENT
(a) User may not assign or otherwise transfer all or a portion of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
prior written consent of Contractor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that User may,
without the consent of Contractor, make such an assignment or transfer to an affiliate or subsidiary of User or a Third
Party; provided that such affiliate, subsidiary or Third Party is a Service Provider or User that meets the criteria in the
Application and User shall remain the ultimate obligor with respect to any assigned or transferred obligations; provided
further, that such assignment is not prohibited by law or rule, regulation or order of the FCC or other regulatory agencies
having jurisdiction over NPAC/SMS Services.
(b) Contractor may not assign or otherwise transfer all or a portion of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, unless
such assignment is to a party to whom Contractor has assigned its rights and obligations under the Master Contract in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Master Contract, in which case, no consent to such assignment is
required from User.
(c) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall bind the heirs,
executors, personal representatives, administrators, successors and assigns of Contractor and User.
ARTICLE 15 - REGULATORY
Contractor expressly recognizes that User and the NPAC/SMS are or may be subject to certain federal and state statutes, and
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as well as rules, regulations, orders, opinions, decisions and possible approval
of the FCC and other regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over User and the NPAC/SMS. The Parties acknowledge that this
Agreement is subject to changes and modifications required as a result of any of the foregoing; provided, however, that the
Parties hereby agree that this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and each of the
Parties hereto shall continue to perform all of its respective obligations hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof until
Contractor and Customer can agree upon any amendment that may be required hereto as a result of any such regulatory
change. Notwithstanding the foregoing, User acknowledges that (i) certain regulatory changes could result in termination of the
Master Contract by Customer (as set forth in Section 25.1 of the Master Contract) and, in turn, this Agreement (pursuant to
Section 10.1(a) hereof), and (ii) that neither Customer nor Contractor shall have any liability to User at law or in equity as a
result of such termination. The Parties shall cooperate fully with each other and Customer in obtaining any necessary
regulatory approvals of the NPAC/SMS and in any other regulatory proceedings regarding the NPAC/SMS or the NPAC/SMS
Services hereunder.
ARTICLE 16 - NO CUSTOMER LIABILITY
USER ACKNOWLEGES AND AGREES THAT CUSTOMER IS ENTITLED, IN ITS SOLE AND COMPLETE DISCRETION, TO
EXERCISE OVERSIGHT OF CONTRACTOR'S COMPLIANCE WITH THE MASTER CONTRACT, TO NEGOTIATE
AMENDMENTS TO THE MASTER CONTRACT AND TO TERMINATE THE MASTER CONTRACT IN ACCORDANCE WITH
ITS TERMS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN EACH INSTANCE, USER AGREES THAT, EXCEPT AS
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 13.2(a) AND 13.2(b), IT HAS NO CAUSE OF ACTION OF ANY TYPE
J-11
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
OR CHARACTER AGAINST CUSTOMER AND THAT IT SHALL MAKE NO CLAIM, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CONTRACT CLAIM, CLAIM FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, INTERFERENCE WITH CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIPS OR ANY RELATED CAUSE OF
ACTION AGAINST CUSTOMER FOR ITS ADMINISTRATION, RENEGOTIATION OR TERMINATION OF THE MASTER
CONTRACT.
ARTICLE 17 - NOTICES
17.1 Any notice or demand which under the terms of this Agreement or under any statute must or may be given or made by
Contractor or the User shall be in writing and shall be given or made by telegram, tested telex, confirmed facsimile, or
similar communication or by certified or registered mail addressed to the respective parties as follows:
To the User: (User's billing address as set forth in User's Application)
Address: 2629 Manhattan Ave. #166
Hermosa Beach
California 90254
USA
Company Name: Apeiron Systems, Inc.
Attention: Joshua Ploude
Fax Number:
With copy to:
Address:
Attention:
To Contractor: To Contractor's Project Executive at the address set forth on Exhibit I to the
Master Contract
With a copy to:
Neustar, Inc
Attention: Gary Sacra
21575 Ridgetop Circle
Sterling, Virginia 20166
17.2 All notices or other communications shall be deemed effectively given: (a) when delivered, if personally delivered,
including courier or overnight delivery (except that notices received after 3:00 p.m. local time will be deemed received
on the following Business Day); (b) on the date of delivery (or, if refused, the refusal date shown on the return receipt) if
mailed certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; or (c) four (4) days after mailing if mailed first class.
ARTICLE 18 - GENERAL
J-12
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
18.1 Relationship of the Parties
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed as creating a joint venture or partnership between
Contractor and the User. Neither Party is, by virtue of this Agreement, authorized as an agent, employee or legal
representative of the other. Except as specifically set forth herein, neither Party shall have power to control the activities
and operations of the other and their status is, and at all times will continue to be, that of independent contractors. Neither
Party shall have any power or authority to bind or commit the other.
18.2 Headings
The Article/Section headings contained herein are for purposes of convenience only and shall not be deemed to
constitute a part of this Agreement or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement in any way.
18.3 Third-Party Beneficiaries
(a) The Parties agree that Customer shall be a third party beneficiary under Article/Sections 7.6, 7.7, 9, 10.1, 13, and
16 of this Agreement. Customer shall have the right to enforce such provisions in its own name; provided, however,
any dispute between Customer and User shall be subject to the arbitration provisions of Article 13 as if Customer
were the Contractor.
(b) The Parties agree that any owner of User Data shall be a third party beneficiary under Section 7.6 of this
Agreement with respect to the misuse of such owner's User Data by User hereunder. Such owner shall have the
right to enforce such provisions in its own name. Any dispute between the owner of User Data and User regarding
misuse of such User Data, however, shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions of Article 13.
(c) Except as specifically provided in Section 18.3(a) and (b), the Parties do not intend to create or vest any rights in
any Third Parties.
18.4 Compliance with Laws
Contractor and all persons furnished by Contractor shall comply at their own expense with all applicable federal, state,
provincial local and foreign laws, ordinances, regulations and codes, including identification and procurement of required
permits, certificates, licenses, insurance, approvals and inspections in performance under this Agreement. Contractor
agrees to indemnify the User for any loss or damage that may be sustained by reason of any failure to do so.
18.5 Severability
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed deleted from the
Agreement and replaced by a valid and enforceable provision which so far as possible achieves the Parties' intent in
agreeing to the original provision. The remaining provisions of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
18.6 Survival
All obligations that by their nature survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement, including, but not limited to:
Article 9 - Confidential Information; Section 11.1 - Damages; Article 12 - Indemnification; Article 13 - Arbitration; and
Article 16 - No Customer Liability, shall remain in effect after its expiration or termination until such obligations expire
according to their respective terms.
18.7 No Releases Required
Neither Party shall require waivers or releases of any personal rights from representatives of the other in connection with
visits to its premises and both Parties agree that no such releases or waivers shall be pleaded by them or third persons in
any action or proceeding.
J-13
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
18.8 Advertising or Publicity
Neither Party shall identify, either expressly or by implication, the other Party or its corporate affiliates or use any of
their names, trade names, service marks, or other proprietary marks in any advertising, sales presentations, news
releases, releases to any professional or trade publication, advertising, or other promotional materials without such
other Party's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, or for any other purpose.
18.9 Governing Law
This Agreement, including all matters relating to the validity, construction, performance and enforcement thereof, shall
be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without giving reference to its principles of conflicts of law.
18.10 Attorney's Fees
The Party substantially prevailing in any legal action between the Parties concerning this Agreement shall receive
reimbursement of its reasonable attorney's fees and court costs incurred by the other Party.
ARTICLE 19 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement, together with the Master Contract, sets forth the entire understanding between the Parties with regard to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreement, discussions, negotiations or representations
between the Parties, whether written or oral, with respect thereto. This Agreement may not be amended except by the mutual
written agreement of the Parties, and with the written consent of Customer
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this NPAC/SMS User Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized
representatives effective as of the Effective Date.
Apeiron Systems, Inc. NeuStar, Inc.
Electronically Signed By: Joshua Ploude Electronically Signed By: Naumi White
Printed Name: Joshua Ploude Printed Name: Naumi White
Title: President Title: Director
Date: 05/03/2017 Date: 05/03/2017
Address: 2629 Manhattan Ave. #166 Address: 21575 Ridgetop Circle
Hermosa Beach, Sterling,
California 90254 Virginia 20166
USA United States of America
Telephone Number: 310-500-5674 Telephone Number: 571-434-5641
E-mail: jp@apeironsys.com E-mail: naumi.white@neustar.biz
J-14
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
ATTACHMENTS
ATTACHMENT A Application for NPAC/SMS Services
ATTACHMENT B Master Contract (Provided herewith)
ATTACHMENT C Test Schedule for User Certified System
ATTACHMENT D Key Personnel
J-15
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
ATTACHMENT A
Application for NPAC/SMS Services
[Copy of User's Application for NPAC/SMS Services to be attached]
J-16
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
ATTACHMENT B
Master Contract for NPAC/SMS Services
[Copy of Master Contract for NPAC/SMS Services is supplied contemporaneous with providing User this User Agreement]
J-17
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
ATTACHMENT C
Test Schedule for User Certified System
[Copy of Test Schedule pursuant to Sections 6.3 and 7.3(b) to be attached]
J-18
CONFIDENTIAL

continued
NPAC/SMS Western User Agreement continued
ATTACHMENT D
Key Personnel
1. INTRODUCTION
This Attachment identifies the current representatives of the
companies.
2. CONTRACTOR
The following is the current Project Executive for Contractor:
Name: Gary Sacra
Phone: 703-889-6916
E-Mail: gary.sacra@neustar.biz
3. USER
The following is the current Project Representative for User:
Name: Joshua Ploude
Phone: 310-500-5674
E-Mail: jp@apeironsys.com
4. CUSTOMER
The following is the current Project Executive for Customer:
Name: Paula Campagnoli
Phone: (925) 325-3325
E-Mail: paula.campagnoli@t-mobile.com
Name: Deb Tucker
Phone: (615) 372-2256
E-Mail: deborah.tucker@verizonwireless.com
Name: Suzanne Addington
Phone: (913) 762-5626
E-Mail: suzanne.m.addington@sprint.com
J-19
CONFIDENTIAL
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)