Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of Digital Network Access ) WC Docket No. 21- ________
Communications, Inc. for Authorization to )
Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to )
Section 52.15(g) of The Commission's Rules)
APPLICATION OF DIGITAL NETWORK ACCESS COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Digital Network Access Communications, Inc. (“DNA Communications” or “Company”),
pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization
to obtain numbering as described below. Under the Commission's Numbering Order,1 an
interconnected voice over internet protocol (“VoIP”) provider may obtain numbering resources
from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide service in the
area for which the numbering resources are requested. DNA Communications is submitting the
application in compliance with the STI-GA policy for service providers as established and
administered by iconectiv. Such authorization may be obtained upon an application to the
Commission containing the information detailed in Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the
Commission’s Rules. DNA Communications hereby requests the Commission grant it that
authorization. In support of this application, DNA Communications provides the following
information:
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015).
1

I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Digital Network Access Communications, Inc.
Address: 601 1st Avenue
City: Rochelle
State: IL
ZIP Code: 61068
Telephone: 815.562.4290
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: Ahmed Kamel
Address: 601 1st Avenue
City: Rochelle
State: IL
ZIP Code: 61068
Telephone: 815.562.4290
Email: amkamel@dna-communications.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
DNA Communications hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources
under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The
Company hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with
industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications
carriers.
DNA Communications is a competitive local exchange carrier in Illinois and has interconnection
agreements in place for its primary geographic area to obtain DIDs and is experienced in the
porting process. The numbering resources that are the subject of this Application will be used to
provide interconnected VoIP services initially in neighboring states outside of its existing
2

competitive local exchange carrier geographic area in northern Illinois. In addition, there are rate
centers in certain local exchange transport areas (“LATAs”) Illinois where it is difficult to port
out of LATA numbers from existing carriers. For example, if those carriers do not have
agreements covering a particular rate center, the port request will be rejected by the current
carrier of record. This limits consumer choice and competition. Direct access to numbering
authority by DNA Communications will resolve these types of problems.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
DNA Communications acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant
state commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
DNA Communications hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within sixty (60) days
of the numbering resources activation date. DNA Communications currently has interconnection
agreements with former Verizon North Inc. and Verizon South Inc. in Illinois. The Company has
equipment collocated in several central offices and trunks to access tandems to originate and
terminate its customers’ voice traffic in its current LATA. As such, DNA Communications
already has the experience to port numbers and efficiently transport traffic.
DNA Communications seeks numbering resource authority to expand outside of Illinois. The
Company is negotiating agreements with Peerless Network and Inteliquent for the origination
and termination of its customers’ traffic. Inteliquent has requested DNA Communications first
3

file this numbering authorization application before completing the contracts. Those contracts
will be in effect within sixty days of this application’s filing date. Peerless and Inteliquent are
competitive local exchange carrier with dozens of interconnection agreements with incumbent
local exchange carriers nationwide to carry voice traffic among access tandems and terminate to
end user customers. DNA Communications will interconnect with and broadcast the appropriate
carriers’ tandem platforms for the purposes of managing all codes assigned to DNA
Communications’ OCN. This application will be supplemented with its traffic transport contracts
as Exhibit 1. Relevant portions of Peerless’ and Inteliquent’s interconnection agreements to show
facilities-readiness will be attached as Exhibit 2.
DNA Communications will also enter into agreements with Peerless and Inteliquent for access to
DIDs outside of Illinois as well. The carriers provide PSTN transport and connectivity for
inbound calls to these numbers. The service schedule will be attached as Exhibit 3.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
DNA Communications hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund
contribution obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan
and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17
and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations
under 47 CFR part 9.
4

F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. DNA Communications is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced team
with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient
technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services. DNA
Communications’ management members and their biographies are listed below:
Ahmed Kamel
Mr. Kamel received degrees in economics and mathematics from the University of Arizona and
then proceeded to privatize data communications networks in Kuwait building the only two fixed
line broadband providers in the country in the late 1990s. After that Mr. Kamel joined a CLEC
in rural North Carolina where his role was project management of 480 miles of fiber construction
in northeastern North Carolina. He formed DNA Communications in June of 2003 as an IL
corporation and in February of 2004 was able to complete a private placement memorandum that
facilitated the capitalization of the company by July of 2004. Mr. Kamel testified before an
Illinois administrative court judge to obtain its CLEC license and since then has been the
Chairman and President of the company.
Mike Hammett
As the owner and Founder of Intelligent Computing Solutions, Mr. Hammett has been operating
voice and data services over fixed wireless networks and joined DNA in 2017 to lead the
engineering as acting CTO. In 2012, Mike and some of his colleagues started what would be the
largest and longest WISP podcast with sponsorship from many vendors. In 2014, Mike joined
5

two friends in the formation of the Midwest Internet Exchange (now Fiber Data Internet
Exchange). Its goal was to build internet exchanges in markets bypassed by the internet traffic
points had ignored. That venture started in Indianapolis and has expanded into several markets
across the United States, bringing the people closer to their content, increasing the quality of
everyone’s internet experience. In 2017, ICS and DNA joined forces and Mike joined DNA as
its CTO leading the fiber deployment projects and taking over the management of DNA’s
network. Mike has developed DNA Communications’ service offerings and further positioned
the Company for future growth.
Renae Wilkinson
Renae has been the financial controller at DNA since 2015 and has assisted in providing
regulatory filings both at USAC and with the Illinois Commerce Commission. Renae has a
degree in Accounting from Northern Illinois University and is a certified professional
accountant. She maintains financial controls and insures timely payment of bills and collections
from customers.
None of the identified personnel above are being, or have been, investigated by the Commission
or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
DNA Communications hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
6

II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), DNA Communications will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this application, and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within thirty (30) days of any changes. DNA
Communications will also furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to
each state commission when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, DNA Communications
respectfully requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain
numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
DIGITAL NETWORK ACCESS COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
through counsel,
_________________________
Kristopher E. Twomey
Law Office of Kristopher E. Twomey, P.C.
1725 I Street, NW, Suite 300
Washington, DC 20006
202 681-1850
kris@lokt.net
Date: July 2, 2021
7

Exhibit 1

Exhibit 2

Exhibit 3