Exhibit A
Proof of Facilities Readiness- Inteliquent ICA with Verizon New England

Phone 972-718-5988
Fax972-719-1519
john.c.peterson Overizon.corn
April 20, 2004
Ronald W. Gavillet
EVP External Affairs
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
2North LaSalle Street, Suite 1615
Chicago, Illinois 60602
Re: Requested Adoption Under Section 252(i) ofthe TA96
Dear Mr. Gavillet:
Verizon New England Inc., d/b/a Verizon Massachusetts, f/k/a New England Telephone
and Telegraph Company, d/b/a Bell Atlantic - Massachusetts ("Verizon"), a New York
corporation, with principal place ofbusiness at 185Franklin Street, Boston,
Massachusetts 02110,has received your letter stating that, under Section 252(i) ofthe
Telecommunications Act of 1996(the "Act"),Neutral Tandem-Massachusetts, LLC
("NTI"),a Delaware limited liability company, with principal place ofbusiness at 2
North LaSalle Street, Suite 1615,Chicago, Illinois 60602, wishes to adopt the terms of
the arbitrated Interconnection Agreement between AT&T Communications ofNew
England Inc. ("AT&T")and Verizon that was approved by the Massachusetts
Department ofTelecommunications and Energy (the "Commission" )as an effective
agreement in the Commonwealth ofMassachusetts in Docket No. 98-35,as such
agreement exists on the date hereof after giving effect to operation oflaw (the "Terms").
I understand NTI has a copy ofthe Terms. Please note the following with respect to
NTI's adoption ofthe Terms.
1. ByNTI's countersignature on this letter, NTI hereby represents and agrees to the
following five points:
(A)NTI adopts (and agrees to be bound by) the Terms ofthe AT&T/Verizon
arbitrated agreement for interconnection as it is in effect on the date hereof
NTIMA252SIA031904.DOC

after giving effect to operation oflaw, and in applying the Terms, agrees that
NTI shall be substituted in place ofATILT Communications ofNew England
Inc. and AT&T in the Terms wherever appropriate.
'(B)For avoidance ofdoubt, adoption ofthe Terms does not include adoption of
any provision imposing an unbundling obligation on Verizon that no longer
applies under the Report and Order and Order on Remand (FCC 03-36)
released by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") on August 21,
2003 in CC Docket Nos. 01-338,96-98,98-147 (" Triennial Review Order"),
or that is otherwise not required by both 47 U.S.C.Section 251(c)(3)and 47
C.F.R.Part 51. Moreover, Verizon, on February 20, 2004, filed a petition at
the Massachusetts Department ofTelecommunications and Energy to arbitrate
amendments to interconnection agreements (including the Terms) with respect
to the Triennial Review Order ("TROArbitration" ). Once the Commission
issues an effective order approving an amendment with respect to the
Triennial Review Order in the TRO Arbitration (an "Approved Amendment" ):
1)the terms ofsuch Approved Amendment shall be deemed to amend this
adoption effective on the effective date ofsuch Commission order, 2)NTI
agrees to be bound by the terms ofsuch Approved Amendment effective on
the effective date ofsuch Commission order, and 3)Verizon and NTI shall '
execute an amendment to this adoption to memorialize that this adoption is
amended by the terms ofsuch Approved Amendment effective on the
effective date ofsuch Commission order; provided, however, failure by either
party to do so shall not be cited as a basis for contesting the effectiveness of
the provisions in 1)and 2) above.
(C) Notice to NTI and Verizon as may be required under the Terms shall be
provided as follows:
To: Neutral Tandem, Inc.
Attention: Ronald W. Gavillet
2North LaSalle Street, Suite 1615
Chicago, IL60602
Telephone Number: 312-384-8040
Facsimile Number: 312-346-3276
Internet Address: rgavilletOneutraltandem. corn
To Verizon:
NTIMA252SIA031904.DOC

4
Director-Contract Performance Administration
Verizon Wholesale Markets
600Hidden Ridge
HQEWMNOTICES
Irving, TX 75038
Telephone Number: 972-718-5988
Facsimile Number: 972-719-1519
Internet Address: wmnoticesl verizon. corn
with a copy to:
Vice President and Associate General Counsel
Verizon Wholesale Markets
1515N. Court House Road
Suite 500
Arlington, VA 22201
Facsimile: 703-351-3664
(D) NTI represents and warrants that it is a certified provider oflocal
telecommunications service in the Commonwealth ofMassachusetts, and
that its adoption ofthe Terms will cover services in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts only.
(E) In the event an interconnection agreement between Verizon and NTI is
currently in effect in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the "Original
ICA"), this adoption shall be an amendment and restatement of the
operating terms and conditions of the Original ICA, and shall replace in
their entirety the terms ofthe Original ICA. This adoption is not intended
to be, nor shall it be construed to create, a novation or accord and
satisfaction with respect to the Original ICA. Any outstanding payment
obligations ofthe parties that were incurred but not fully performed under
the Original ICA shall constitute payment obligations of the parties under
this adoption.
(F) Verizon's standard pricing schedule for interconnection agreements in the
Commonwealth ofMassachusetts (as such schedule may be amended from
time to time) (attached as Appendix 1 hereto) shall apply to NTI's
adoption ofthe Terms NTI should note that the aforementioned pricing
schedule may contain rates for certain services the terms for which are not
included in the Terms or that are otherwise not part ofthis adoption, and
may include phrases or wording not identical to those utilized in the
Terms. In an effort to expedite the adoption process, Verizon has not
deleted such rates from the pricing schedule or attempted to customize the
wording in the pricing schedule to match the Terms. However, the
inclusion ofsuch rates in no way obligates Verizon to provide the subject
services and in no way waives Verizon's rights, and the use ofslightly
NTIMA252SIA031904.DOC

different wording or phrasing in the pricing schedule does not alter the
obligations and rights set forth in the Terms.
NTI's adoption ofthe AT&T arbitrated Terms shall become effective as of
'May 4, 2004. The Parties understand and agree that Verizon will file this
adoption letter with the Commission promptly upon my receipt ofa copy ofthis
letter, countersigned by NTI as to points (A), (B),(C),(D), (E)and (F)of
paragraph 1 above. The term and termination provisions ofthe ATILT/Verizon
agreement shall govern NTI's adoption ofthe Terms.
As the Terms are being adopted by you pursuant to your statutory rights under
section 252(i), Verizon does not provide the Terms to you as either a voluntary or
negotiated agreement. The filing and performance by Verizon ofthe Terms does
not in any way constitute a waiver by Verizon ofany position as to the Terms or a
portion thereof, nor does it constitute a waiver by Verizon ofall rights and
remedies it may have to seek review ofthe Terms, or to petition the Commission,
other administrative body, or court for reconsideration or reversal ofany
determination made by the Commission pursuant to arbitration in Docket No.
98-35,or to seek review in any way ofany provisions included in these Terms as
aresult ofNTI's 252(i) election.
Nothing herein shall be construed as or is intended to be a concession or admission
by Verizon that any contractual provision required by the Commission in Docket
No. 98-35(the ATILT arbitration) or any provision in the Terms complies with the
rights and duties imposed by the Act, the decisions ofthe FCC and the
Commissions, the decisions ofthe courts, or other law, and Verizon expressly
reserves its full right to assert and pursue claims arising from or related to the
Terms.
Verizon reserves the right to deny NTI's adoption and/or application ofthe
Terms, in whole or in part, at any time:
(a) when the costs ofproviding the Terms to NTI are greater than the costs of
providing them to ATEST;
(b) ifthe provision ofthe Terms to NTI is not technically feasible; and/or
(c) to the extent that Verizon otherwise is not required to make the Terms
available to NTI under applicable law.
For avoidance ofdoubt, please note that adoption ofthe Terms will not result in
reciprocal compensation payments for Internet traffic. Verizon has always taken
the position that reciprocal compensation was not due to be paid for Internet
traffic under section 251(b)(5)ofthe Act. Verizon's position that reciprocal
compensation is not to be paid for Internet traffic was confirmed by the FCC in
the Order on Remand and Report and Order adopted on April 18,2001 ("FCC
Internet Order" ),which held that Internet traffic constitutes "information access"
outside the scope ofthe reciprocal compensation obligations set forth in section
NTIMA 252SIA031904.DOC

'
251(b)(5) ofthe Act. Accordingly, any compensation to be paid for Internet
traffic will be handled pursuant to the terms ofthe FCCInternet Order, not
pursuant to adoption ofthe Terms. Moreover, in light ofthe FCCInternet
Order, even ifthe Terms include provisions invoking an intercarrier
compensation mechanism for Internet traffic, any reasonable amount oftime
permitted for adopting such provisions has expired under the FCC's rules
implementing section 252(i) ofthe Act. In fact, the FCCInternet Order made
clear that carriers may not adopt provisions ofan existing interconnection
agreement to the extent that such provisions provide compensation for Internet
"
traffic.
7. Should NTI attempt to apply the Terms in a manner that conflicts with paragraphs
3-6above, Verizon reserves its rights to seek appropriate legal and/or equitable
relief.
In the event that a voluntary or involuntary petition has been or is in the future
filed against NTI under bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or any law relating to the
relief ofdebtors, readjustment ofindebtedness, debtor reorganization or
composition or extension ofdebt (any such proceeding, an "Insolvency
Proceeding" ),then: (i) all rights ofVerizon under such laws, including, without
limitation, all rights ofVerizon under 11U.S.C. g 366, shall be preserved, and
NTI's adoption ofthe Verizon Terms shall in no way impair such rights of
Verizon; and (ii) all rights ofNTI resulting from NTI's adoption ofthe Verizon
terms shall be subject to and modified by any Stipulations and Orders entered in
the Insolvency Proceeding, including, without limitation, any Stipulation or Order
providing adequate assurance ofpayment to Verizon pursuant to 11U.S.C. $ 366.
'
Order on Remand and Report and Order, In the Matters of:Impleinentation ofthe Local Competition
Provisions in the Telecommunications Act of1996and Intercarrier Compensation for ISP-Bound Traffic,
CCDocket No. 99-68(rel. April 27,2001)("FCCRemand Order")f44, remanded, WorldCom, Inc, v.
FCC, No. 01-1218(D.C.Cir.May 3,2002). Although the D.C.Circuit remanded the FCCRemand Order
to permit the FCCto clarify its reasoning, itleft the order in place as governing federal law. See
WorldCom, Inc. v. FCC, No. 01-1218,slip op. at 5(D.C.Cir. May 3,2002).
For your convenience, an industry letter distributed by Verizon explaining its plans to implement the FCC
Internet Order can be viewed at Verizon's Customer Support Website at URL www. verizon. com/wise
(select Verizon East Customer Support, Business Resources, Customer Documentation, Resources,
Industry Letters, CLEC,May 21,2001 Order on Remand).
See, e.g.,47C.F.R.Section 51.809(c).
4FCCInternet Order 82.
It
NTIMA252SIA031904.DOC

SIGNATURE PAGE
Please arrange for aduly authorized representative ofNTI to sign this letter in the space
provided below and return it to Verizon.
Sincerely, .
VERIZON NEW ENGLAND INC.,
D/B/A VERIZON MASSACHUSETTS
Contract Performance and Administration
Wholesale Markets
Reviewed and countersigned as topoints A, B,C,D,Eand Fofparagraph 1:
NEUTRAL TANDEM-MASSACHUSETTS, LLC
Chief Operating Officer
c: K.Robertson — Verizon
NTIMA252SIA031904

AGREEMENT
between
New England Telephone and Telegraph Company
d/b/a BA
and
ATBT Communications of New England, Inc.
Dated as ofApril 13, 1998
N:)GROUPiBA'IATT-MA1 0.DOC

INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
This Agreement, which shall become effective upon the date executed in
accordance with Section 2(a), is entered into by and between AT8T Communications of
New England, Inc. a Massachusetts corporation, having an office at 32 Avenue of the
,
Americas, New York, New York 10013 ("AT8T"), and New England Telephone and
—
Telegraph Company, d/b/a Bell Atlantic Massachusetts, a New York corporation,
having an office at 185 Franklin Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02110("BA").
RECITALS
WHEREAS, the Telecommunications Act of 1996(as amended or modified from
time to time, the "Act")was signed into law on February 8, 1996;and
WHEREAS, the Act places certain duties and obligations upon, and grants
certain rights to, Telecommunications Carriers; and
WHEREAS, the Federal Communications Commission (the "FCC") has issued
rules to implement the Act (including In the Matter of the Local Competition Provisions
in the Telecommunications Act of 1996, FCC96-325 (hereinafter, as amended,
modified, stayed or reconsidered from time to time, the "Order" ); and
WHEREAS, the Parties are entering into this Agreement to set forth the
respective obligations of the Parties and the terms and conditions under which AT8T
will interconnect with the BA network in the BA service territory within the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the "MA Region" ) and BA will provide services to
AT8T as required by the Act and Order and additional services as set forth herein; and
WHEREAS, the Parties have arrived at this Agreement through negotiations and
arbitration proceedings undertaken pursuant to the Act.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants
of this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, AT8T and BA hereby
agree as follows:
N:'tGROUP&BAtATT-MA tO.DOC

DEFINITIONS
For purposes of this Agreement, certain terms have been defined in Attachment
1 and elsewhere in this Agreement to encompass meanings that may differ from, or be
in addition to, the normal connotation of the defined word. Unless the context clearly
indicates otherwise, any term defined or used in the singular shall include the plural.
The words "shall" and "will" are used interchangeably throughout the Agreement and
the use of either connotes a mandatory requirement. The use of one or the other shall
not mean a different degree of right or obligation for either Party. A defined word
intended to convey its special meaning is capitalized when used. Other terms that are
capitalized, and not defined in this Agreement, shall have the meaning in the Act.
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. Sco e of the A reement This Agreement, together with all applicable tariffs as
referenced herein (as in effect from time to time except with respect to those provisions
in this Agreement in which it is expressly provided otherwise), set forth the terms,
conditions and prices to which BA and AT8T have agreed in respect of the following:
(a) Local Services, (b) certain unbundled network elements, (hereinafter collectively
referred to as "Network Elements" ) or combinations of such Network Elements
("Combinations")*, (c) Collocation, (d) Number Portability, (e) Access to Rights of Way,
Ducts, Conduits and Pole Attachments, (f) Directory Assistance and Operator Services
and Directory Listings, (g) Reciprocal Compensation, (h) E911 and 911 services, (i)
Meet-Point Billing, (j) Dialing Parity, (k) Transient Tandem Service, (I) Interconnection of
ATBT's network to BA's network and (m) Access to Telephone Numbers. This
Agreement includes the General Terms and Conditions, Parts through IV, and their
I
Attachments and all accompanying Appendices and Exhibits. Unless otherwise
provided in this Agreement, the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall
apply throughout the MA Region.
2. Term ofA reement Termination
(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the date on which
this Agreement has been executed by both Parties (the "Effective Date" )
and shall expire on April 12, 2001, except as otherwise provided in
*
The Parties acknowledge and agree that the issue of BA's obligation to combine unbundled Network
Elements is presently before the Department in the Consolidated Arbitrations D.P.U. 96-73,96-74, 96-
80/81, 96-83and before the U. S.Supreme Court. Accordingly, it is agreed that, pending a decision of
either the Department or the U.S.Supreme Court requiring BAto provide combinations ofunbundled
Network Elements, BAhas no obligation to combine unbundled Network Elements. When the
Department, the U. S.Supreme Court or any court ofcompetent jurisdiction issues a decision or order
upon this issue, upon written request ofeither Party, the Parties agree to meet and expeditiously negotiate
in good faith to arrive at modifications to this Agreement, ifnecessary, to comply with such decision.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either Party from appealing or
otherwise contesting the Department's or any court's decisions or orders.
N:(GROUP'iBANTT-MA10. Doc

Section 2(d) below.
(b) ATBT (i) shall, at BA's request, or (ii) may, at its option, nine months prior
to the expiration of the Term, with respect to the entire Agreement, and/or
eighteen months prior to the expiration of the Term, in the case of the
terms and provisions with respect to Local Services set forth in Part I
hereof (such terms and provisions, other than with respect to the
wholesale discounts set forth in Part IV hereof, hereinafter the "Resale
Terms" ), make a request to BA to renegotiate all of the terms of this
Agreement or the Resale Terms pursuant to Section 251(c)(1)of the Act.
The date(s) of BA's receipt of such request(s) shall be hereinafter referred
to as the "Renegotiation Request Date". The Parties agree that within
sixty (60) days of such Renegotiation Request Date each Party will
provide to the other a written description of its proposed changes to,
and/or extension of, the terms of this Agreement or the Resale Terms.
The Parties shall enter into negotiations on such proposed changes
seventy-five (75)days after such Renegotiation Request Date.
(c) In the event that, notwithstanding, the good faith efforts of both Parties,
they are unable to agree on terms and conditions of a new agreement
and/or new Resale Terms, then either Party may, beginning 135 days
after the Renegotiation Request Date, file a petition for arbitration by the
Department pursuant to Section 252(b) ofthe Act.
(d) The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall only continue in full
force and effect until the Effective Date of the Department's decision
pursuant to any petition filed under Section 2(c) above (the "Arbitration
Decision" ) if AT8T requests to renegotiate pursuant to Section 2(b)
above; provided, however, that the prices, and, where feasibie, any other
terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be trued up to conform with
the Arbitration Decision back to the date of expiration of the Term or, with
respect to modification of Resale Terms, back to the applicable
Renegotiation Request Date.
(e) Nothing in this Section 2 shall be construed as a waiver by either Party of
its right to appeal any decision of the Department, including the Arbitration
Decision.
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement in accordance with this
Section 2:
hUGROUP&BAtATT-MA1 0.DOC

(i) each Party shall comply with its obligations set forth in
paragraph (c) of Section 18 of the General Terms and Conditions
ofthis Agreement;
(ii) each Party shall promptly pay all amounts (including any late
payment charges or cancellation charges, if any) owed under this
Agreement; and
(iii) each Party's obligations that by their terms continue in force and
effect after termination or expiration of this Agreement (including,
without limitation, indemnification obligations) shall survive
termination or expiration ofthis Agreement.
3. Transitional Su ort Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement,
AT&T may itself provide or retain another vendor to provide Local Services, Network
Elements, Combinations or other access or services comparable to those furnished
under the terms of this Agreement. BA agrees to cooperate with ATBT and to use
commercially reasonable efforts to effect an orderly and efficient transition to ATBT or
ATBT's new vendor, subject to the payment by ATBT to BA of the reasonable costs
t incurred in providing such cooperation.
4. GoodFaith Performance ln the performance of their obligations under this
Agreement, the Parties shall act in good faith and consistently with the provisions ofthe
Act and the applicable effective provisions ofthe Order. Except to the extent a different
standard is expressly set forth in this Agreement, in which case such other standard
shall apply, where notice, approval or similar action by a Party is permitted or required
by any provision of this Agreement, (including, without limitation, the obligation of the
Parties to further negotiate the resolution of new or open issues under this Agreement)
such notice, approval or similar action shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld.
5. Option to Obtain Local Services, Network Elements or
Combinations Under Other A reements
(a) If BA enters into an agreement approved by the Department or the FCC
pursuant to Section 252 of the Act which provides for the provision in the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts of services covered in this Agreement
to another requesting Telecommunications Carrier (the "Other
Agreement" ), BA shall make available to ATBT upon request such Other
Agreement to the extent required by Section 252(i) of the Act.
If ATBT enters into an agreement with a Telecommunications Carrier
approved by the Department or the FCC pursuant to Section 252 of the
Act with respect to services in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the
"Other ATBT Agreement" ), then ATBT shall make available to BA upon
N:hGROUPFBANTT-MA10. DOC

Exhibit B
Agreement with Inteliquent

DocuSign Envelope ID: 6A4A063D-AA50-4960-809E-B447E775BC9D

DocuSign Envelope ID: 6A4A063D-AA50-4960-809E-B447E775BC9D

DocuSign Envelope ID: 6A4A063D-AA50-4960-809E-B447E775BC9D

DocuSign Envelope ID: 6A4A063D-AA50-4960-809E-B447E775BC9D

DocuSign Envelope ID: 6A4A063D-AA50-4960-809E-B447E775BC9D

DocuSign Envelope ID: 6A4A063D-AA50-4960-809E-B447E775BC9D

DocuSign Envelope ID: 6A4A063D-AA50-4960-809E-B447E775BC9D
Nick Reifschneider
Vice President
9/7/2018