Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
Magna5 LLC ) WC Docket No.
)
Application to Obtain Telephone Numbers )
Directly From the North American Numbering )
Plan Administrator and the Pooling )
Administrator )
NUMBERING AUTHORIZATION APPLICATION
Magna5 LLC (“Applicant”), hereby applies for authorization to obtain telephone numbers directly from
the North American Numbering Plan Administrator and the Pooling Administrator (collectively,
"Numbering Administrators") pursuant to and in accordance with Section 52.15 (g) of the Commission's
rules. In support hereof, Applicant respectfully states:
1. Applicant’s name, headquarters’ address and telephone number are as follows:
Magna5 LLC
5445 Legacy Dr., Suite 180
Plano, TX 75024
214-932-9293
2. The primary type of business of Applicant is telecommunications services, which includes
interconnected VoIP. The numbering resources that are the subject of this Application will be
used to provide interconnected VoIP services, initially in New York, Oregon, and Washington.
Applicant intends to eventually use the numbering resources to provide such services
throughout the United States, including its territories and possessions.
3. The name and contact information for personnel of Applicant qualified to address issues
relating to regulatory requirements, compliance with Commission rules, 911 and law
enforcement is as follows:
Joseph O'Hara, CFO; regulatory@magna5global.com; (214) 932-9293
5445 Legacy Dr., Suite 180, Plano, TX 75024
4. Applicant acknowledges that the authorization is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules, numbering authority delegated to the states and industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering applicable to telecommunications carriers.

5. Applicant acknowledges that it must file requests for telephone numbers with the relevant state
commissions at least thirty (30) days before requesting telephone numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
6. As proof of facilities readiness, namely that Applicant is capable of providing service within sixty
(60) days of the numbering resources activation date, Applicant submits that it already has
interconnection with the PSTN pursuant to a commercial arrangement that provides access to
the PSTN; in particular, Applicant has an agreement with its carrier partner, Inteliquent, who, in
turn, has interconnection agreements in effect with all of the relevant local exchange carriers for
the states that are the subject of the Application and in which such carriers provide access to
the PSTN, including AT&T, Verizon, and CenturyLink. Applicant further states that it has in place
the practices and procedures that already enable it to successfully route and port numbers as a
licensed CLEC in Kentucky, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Utah,
and Washington since 2015; in particular, Applicant has an OCN (090J), has an agreement with
Inteliquent to support number routing, and has a full staff prepared for porting.
7. Applicant certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution obligations under
47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution obligations under
47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local Number Portability
Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR § § 52.17, 52.32, its obligations to pay
regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154 and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
8. As demonstrated by its successful operations as a licensed facilities based CLEC in Kentucky,
Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Utah, and Washington since 2015,
and as a FCC International Bureau Section 214 licensed carrier since 2015, Applicant certifies
that it possesses the financial, managerial and technical expertise to provide reliable service.
Attached hereto as Attachment A is the Applicant’s Organizational Chart. Attached hereto as
Attachment B are the names and descriptions of Applicant's key management and technical
personnel. Applicant states that none of the identified personnel are being or have been
investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to
comply with any law, rule or order.
9. Applicant certifies pursuant to Sections 1.2001 and 1.2002 of the Commission's rules that no
party to this Application is subject to a denial of Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the
Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988. See 21 U.S.C. § 862.
WHEREFORE, Applicant respectfully requests the Commission to grant this Application for
numbering resources.
Respectfully Submitted,
Matt W. Dean
Matt W. Dean
Regulatory Agent for Magna5 LLC
12316 Hidden Forest Blvd.
Oklahoma City, OK 73142
(405) 755-8177 x103
regcompliance@telecompliance.net

Magna5 LLC
LIST OF EXHIBITS
EXHIBIT A Organizational Chart
EXHIBIT B Biographies of Key Personnel

EXHIBIT A
Organizational Chart

Magna5 Organization Chart
NewSpring Holdings
Management Company LLC
NewSpring Holdings NewSpring Holdings
LLC Parallel LLC
Magna5 Partners LLC
Magna5 Holding LLC
Magna5 RTC LLC Magna5 LLC
Magna5 International LLC

EXHIBIT B
Biographies of Key Personnel

Greg Forrest
Chief Executive Officer
Greg brings global perspective, entrepreneurial drive and proven successes to his role as CEO of
Magna5. With a track record of building businesses through enterprise transformations and
market consolidation strategies, Greg has extensive experience in leading and operating
technology-enabled services businesses; all resulting in significant revenue growth, operating
leverage and improved operational efficiencies. His past successes in creating shareholder value
through financial performance, in both public and private companies, drove him to lead the
initiative to lead the acquisition of three companies and bring them together as Magna5.
An enthusiastic, engaging leader driven to bring together teams of people within varied
companies to drive greater successes, Greg is a talented c-level executive skilled in fostering
business environments that encourage employees to exceed goals, all while keeping the service
levels customer based and responsive to the changing needs of the marketplace. His has
extensive expertise in Business Transformations, M&A, Integration, Compliance/Governance
and Organizational Change Management.
He previously served as CEO/President of publicly-traded XETA Technologies (NASDAQ:
XETA) with annual revenues of $100M+ and headcount of 450 employees. He implemented
growth strategies resulting in a 2X increase in revenue run rate, improved operating leverage
while completing a business transformation and ultimately engineered the successful merger
agreement with PAETEC Holding Corp. (now Windstream), acquired at $5.50 per share, a 67%
premium over average market closing price for previous six months. Greg also launched a US
Geo for a Global Technology Service Provider located in Mumbai, India. The two-year outcome
of this initiative resulted in a profitable $50M U.S. operating entity where growth was achieved
through acquisition and organic methods.
In 2011, Greg was recognized for his significant accomplishments by being named a Finalist of
the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award. Greg is a graduate of the University of
Washington.

Joe O'Hara
Chief Financial Officer
Chief Financial Officer Joe O’Hara brings a wealth of financial acumen specific to the
telecommunications industry to Magna5. In his role, he oversees corporate finance and
accounting functions for the company, including financial reporting, planning and analysis.
Before joining Magna5 in January 2017, Joe was the CFO of ANPI, LLC where he led various
initiatives of corporate development activity, including the launch of a start-up subsidiary and
other business expansion initiatives. During his time at ANPI, Joe was in a variety of finance
roles, including Director of Finance and Accounting.
While responsible over the finance function, he worked to secure equity capital for the
organization through multiple private placement offerings and by establishing commercial debt
facilities, providing capital for the organization to successfully pursue its growth initiatives.
Throughout his time at ANPI, Joe worked closely with the Chief Executive Officer and the
Board of Directors regarding the strategic focus of mergers and acquisitions activity and led
critical activities surrounding due diligence, structuring, negotiations and final documentation.
Joe is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in Texas and Illinois, and is accredited in business
valuation. He also holds a Masters of Business Administration degree with a concentration in
finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Dan Horton
Chief Information Officer
Dan brings 25 years of telecommunications and operations experience to Magna5 and is
dedicated to providing strong leadership skills in technology management and product
development.
Dan served as the Chief Technology Officer at X5 Solutions, one of the companies brought
together to make up Magna5, overseeing the day-to-day operations and operational strategy at
one of the largest telecommunications providers in the Pacific Northwest.
Before his tenure at X5 Solutions, he was co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of Who’s
Calling, where he focused on growing the company from a start-up to $75 million in annual
sales. Throughout his career in the telecommunications industry, Dan held many executive
positions, exhibiting his abilities to respond to the changing needs a company, no matter the title
he held; from COO to CIO, CTO and VP of Engineering in CLECs, ISPs and IXCs, Dan’s varied
experience in dealing with all aspects of operational management, engineering and development,
product management, network management and vendor management is extensive. He has unique
experience bridging technology, business strategy, product development and operations together
while transforming these elements from concepts to business success.