Attachment A
BIOGRAPHIES OF KEY MANAGEMENT AND TECHNICAL PERSONNEL

John(cid:3)Marlow, (cid:51)(cid:85)(cid:72)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:71)(cid:72)(cid:81)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:81)(cid:71)(cid:3)Chief Executive Officer of RCLEC,(cid:3)Inc.
Mr. Marlow serves as (cid:51)(cid:85)(cid:72)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:71)(cid:72)(cid:81)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:81)(cid:71)(cid:3)Chief Executive Officer of RCLEC, Inc. Mr. Marlow also
oversees business and legal affairs at RingCentral, RCLEC’s parent company. For the last six(cid:3)
years, Mr. Marlow has worked as RingCentral's General Counsel and Senior Vice President of
Corporate Development.
Before joining RingCentral, Mr. Marlow was the founding and managing partner of
Entrepreneurs Law Group (ELG), a boutique law firm based in San Francisco specializing in
corporate, securities, tax, intellectual property, venture capital, mergers and acquisitions and
licensing matters. During his five years at ELG, Mr. Marlow represented companies in a broad
range of industries, including software, hardware, information technology, and
telecommunications.
Before founding ELG, Marlow was a partner in the San Francisco office of Reed Smith, a full-
service international law firm. Prior to that, Mr. Marlow was a partner at Crosby, Heafey,
Roach & May, LLP, a law firm that was acquired by Reed Smith.
Mr. Marlow received his law degree from University of California Berkeley School of Law
(Boalt Hall) in 1994, and a Bachelor’s degree, summa cum laude, from Colgate University.

Mitesh Dhruv, Chief Financial(cid:3)Officer(cid:3)of(cid:3)RCLEC,(cid:3)Inc.
Mr. Dhruv serves as Chief Executive Officer of RCLEC, Inc. Mr. Dhruv also serves in this capacity
for RingCentral, RCLEC’s parent company. He is closely involved in driving business strategy,
corporate finance, partnerships, and growth opportunities. He joined RingCentral in 2012 and is
responsible for RingCentral’s global finance functions, including financial planning, controllership,
tax, treasury, and investor relations.
Dhruv began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers and has more than 15 years of experience in
accounting and finance. Before joining RingCentral, he worked at Bank of America-Merrill Lynch
as an equity analyst, covering software and cloud companies, and worked on several multi-billion-
dollar IPOs.
Dhruv is a Chartered Accountant as well as a CFA Charterholder, and has an undergraduate degree
in accounting from the University of Mumbai, India.

Bruce Johnson, Secretary of RCLEC, Inc.
Mr. Johnson serves as Secretary of RCLEC, Inc. Mr. Johnson also serves as Vice President,
Legal, of RCLEC’s parent company, RingCentral, Inc.
Mr. Johnson has over 25 years’ experience as an attorney, and has served as in–house legal
counsel to telecommunications-related companies for 14 years. Mr. Johnson served as Associate
General Counsel of Atheros Communications, Inc., a provider of wireless and wired connectivity
semiconductors and systems, where he handled and effectively managed every aspect of Atheros
becoming and remaining a publically traded company in good legal standing. He served as Senior
Director and Legal Counsel for Qualcomm Atheros, Inc. following the acquisition of Atheros by
Qualcomm Incorporated. Prior to that, Mr. Johnson served as General Counsel to Vyyo, Inc., and
prior to that, Mr. Johnson was an Associate and Partner at Bay Venture Counsel, LLP, a law firm,
andan Associate atBrobeck, Phleger & Harrison, a law firm.
Mr. Johnson holds a Juris Doctorate degree from University of California at Los Angeles, School
of Law. Mr. Johnson received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and English from Duke
University.

Jeff Slater, (cid:54)(cid:72)(cid:81)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:85)(cid:3)Director of Voice Gateways of RCLEC, Inc.
Mr. Slater serves as the Senior Director of Voice Gateways at RCLEC, Inc.
Mr. Slater has 30 years managerial experience in the telecommunications industry. Mr. Slater’s
experience includes executive management, business plan development, product and service
development, engineering, network implementation, operations management, back office
integration, vendor and facility contract negotiations, regulatory and compliance processes,
and development of new sales channels both domestically and internationally.
Mr. Slater has served as theChiefOperating Officer of Covista Communications, providing
traditional longdistance,UNE-based local serviceand next generation SIP trunkingand hosted
PBXproducts to residential and business customers throughout theUS. Prior to that, he was
President of Broadvox, a CLEC providingnext-generation local service usingand providing IP
originated and terminated calls.
As Vice President of Business Development at CIMCO, Mr. Slater was responsible for planning
thenext generation of products, services and network topologies forthecompany. Mr. Slater
was responsible for managing the IP-based SMB business initiative, building network strategies
to overcome UNE regulatory issues, mapping CoEu, wireless and fiber network strategies, and
auditing all internal process to secure retroactive and prospective cost savings.
As the President ofCedar Valley Communications, Mr. Slater succeeded indeveloping and
implementinga reorganization plan, attainingpositivecash flow, and attracting equity
investmentsresultingin the sale of theCompany.
Mr. Slater has also held executive positions as Founder and President ofJTek Systems, Chief
Operating Officer of TotalTel, a Covista Communications Company, VicePresident of
Operations ofCharter Network, and Director of Lexicom.
Mr. Slater receivedhis degree in Business from DePaul University.

Curtis Lee Peterson
Mr. Peterson serves (cid:53)(cid:38)(cid:47)(cid:40)(cid:38)(cid:3)in a consulting(cid:3)capacity(cid:3)to contribute(cid:3)his(cid:3)technological(cid:3)and(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:3)
managerialknowledge(cid:3)to RCLEC,Inc.
Mr. Peterson has established his ability to rapidly growbusinesses when he helped NuVox grow
from a$550,000 business to $550M in ten years. Mr. Peterson also has strongskills in VOIP, IP
Networking, and Information Technology. His information technology experience includes
softwaredesign and design management, hardware and network design, security,
implementation and deployment, virtualization/cloudservices management of rapid application
development, and multi-department project management. His network operations experience
includesVOIP, TDM, wireless, aggregation, content deliverynetworks, data centers, high
availabilityapplications, network design and operation, and SAAS.
Mr. Peterson developed his technical and managerial skills in his long careerat NuVox
(previouslyNewSouth Communications, Inc.). As VicePresident ofCenter Operations of
NuVox, he managed 120 technical professionals, improving thecustomerbaseand reliabilityof
theVoIP network. Mr. Peterson oversaw theoperationsof29 Class 5 switches, 40 Central
OfficeSites, 500+ collocations, 4 Customer (SAS-70 II certified) data centers, 24 Softswitch
gateways, 16 state MPLS / IP network with over 550 routers, and the VOIP platform.
Mr. Peterson worked in diverse managerial positions throughout his career at NuVox, including
Director of Data Product Development/Senior Manager of DataProducts, Director ofCustomer
Marketing, and Director of IT. Prior to that, Mr. Peterson was Directorof IP Operations at
Talk.com (formerlyOmnicall), and District TechnologyCoordinatory for amulti-campusschool
district.
Mr. Peterson holds adegree in Computer Engineeringfrom Auburn University in Auburn,
Alabama.