Hogan Lovells US LLP
Columbia Square
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, DC 20004
T +1 202 637 5600
F +1 202 637 5910
www.hoganlovells.com
Via FedEx and ECFS
REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT
September 9, 2020
Marlene H. Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
9050 Junction Drive
Annapolis Junction, Md., 20701
Re: IP Networked Services, Inc., Application for Numbering Authorization,
WC Docket No. _______
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules,1 IP Networked Services, Inc.
(“IPNS”) respectfully submits the attached application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources (“Application”), together with corresponding Confidential Exhibit A, an agreement between
IPNS and its carrier partner (“Exhibit A”).
Because this filing contains confidential information, a public version is being filed
electronically via ECFS and the confidential version is being delivered via FedEx. IPNS respectfully
requests that, pursuant to Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the Commission’s rules,2 the Commission
withhold from public inspection, and grant confidential treatment to, Exhibit A.
Exhibit A contains trade secrets and commercial, technical, and financial information that fall
within Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act (“FOIA”).3 Exemption 4 of FOIA provides that
the public disclosure requirement of the statute “does not apply to matters that are . . . (4) trade
secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or
confidential.”4 The information contained in Exhibit A constitutes trade secret and commercial and
financial information, which is “of a kind that would not customarily be released to the public.”5 In
addition, IPNS treats Exhibit A as private, and provides it to the Commission with the understanding
that the Commission will likewise treat it as private.6
In support of this request and pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b), IPNS hereby states as
follows:
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3).
2 47 C.F.R. §§ 0.457; 0.459.
3 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4).
4 Id.
5 See Critical Mass Energy Project v. NRC, 975 F.2d 871, 879 (D.C. Cir. 1992).
6 See Food Mktg. Inst. v. Argus Leader Media, 139 S. Ct. 2356, 2366 (2019) (“At least where commercial or financial
information is both customarily and actually treated as private by its owner and provided to the government under an
assurance of privacy, the information is ‘confidential’ within the meaning of Exemption 4.”)

1. Identification of Specific Information for Which Confidential Treatment Is Sought (47
C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(1))
IPNS seeks confidential treatment of Exhibit A submitted with the Application. These
documents contain the following header: “Confidential Treatment Requested—Not for Public
Disclosure.”
2. Description of Circumstances Giving Rise to the Submission (47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(2))
IPNS is submitting Exhibit A, an agreement between IPNS and its carrier partner, as proof of
facilities readiness, as required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the Commission’s rules.
3. Explanation of the Degree to Which the Information Is Commercial or Financial, or
Contains a Trade Secret or Is Privileged (47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(3))
The information contained in Exhibit A relates to the manner in which IPNS and its carrier
partner conduct network operations. This information constitutes sensitive commercial, financial,
and technical information “which would customarily be guarded from competitors.” 7
4. Explanation of the Degree to Which the Information Concerns a Service that Is Subject
to Competition (47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(4))
Exhibit A contains information pertaining to the provision of interconnected Voice over
Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) service. The market for VoIP service is highly competitive.
5. Explanation of How Disclosure of the Information Could Result in Substantial
Competitive Harm (47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(5))
Exhibit A contains detailed information relating to operations matters that could be used by
competitors to IPNS’s detriment. Disclosure of that information would thereby cause substantial
competitive harm.8
6. Identification of Any Measures Taken by the Submitting Party to Prevent Unauthorized
Disclosure (47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(6))
IPNS has made the substance of Exhibit A known only to those employees who have a need
to know the subject matter, and those employees are aware of the confidential and sensitive nature
of the information.
7. Identification of Whether the Information Is Available to the Public and the Extent of
Any Previous Disclosure of the Information to Third Parties (47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(7))
IPNS has not publicly disclosed the contents of Exhibit A, and has not previously disclosed
Exhibit A to third parties.
7 47 C.F.R. § 0.457.
8 See Nat’l Parks and Conservation Ass’n v. Morton, 498 F.2d 765 (D.C. Cir. 1974).
2

8. Justification of Period During Which the Submitting Party Asserts that Material Should
Not Be Available for Public Disclosure (47 C.F.R. § 0.459(b)(8))
IPNS requests that Exhibit A be treated as confidential for a period of ten years. This length
of time is necessary due to the sensitive nature of Exhibit A.
Please direct any questions regarding the subject of this letter to my attention.
Sincerely,
/s/ Mark W. Brennan
Mark W. Brennan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
Columbia Square
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, DC 20004
D 1+ 202 637 6409
mark.brennan@hoganlovells.com
Counsel to IP Networked Services, Inc.
cc: Jordan Reth
Michelle Sclater
Margoux Brown
3

Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
IP Networked Services, Inc. ) WC Docket No. __________
)
Application for Authorization to Obtain )
Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section )
52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF IP NETWORKED SERVICES, INC. FOR AUTHORIZATION TO
OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
IP Networked Services, Inc. (“IPNS”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Federal
Communications Commission’s (“FCC” or “Commission”) rules, respectfully requests
authorization to obtain numbering as described below.
Under the Commission’s 2015 Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may
obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such
authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information
detailed in Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s rules. IPNS hereby requests that
the Commission grant it that authorization.
In support of this application, IPNS provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(G)(3)(I)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: IP Networked Services, Inc.
Address: 1950 Hassell Road
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, et al., WC Docket No. 13-97, et al., Report and
Order, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015) (2015 Numbering Order).

City: Hoffman Estates
State: Illinois
ZIP Code: 60169
Telephone: 847-485-4686
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, FCC Compliance, 911, and Law Enforcement:
Name: James Kinzer
Address: 1950 Hassell Road
City: Hoffman Estates
State: Illinois
ZIP Code: 60169
E-mail: james.kinzer@cdk.com
Telephone: 847-485-4686
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
IPNS hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. IPNS
hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The
numbering resources that are the subject of this Application include resources for the state of
Illinois.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
IPNS hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the numbering administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
IPNS hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date.
IPNS has an agreement in place with a carrier partner that in turn has an interconnection
agreement in effect with a relevant local exchange carrier; IPNS likewise has the staff necessary
2

to meet its number porting obligations. As proof of its facilities’ readiness, IPNS has attached to
this Application, as Confidential Exhibit A, relevant pages of an agreement between IPNS and its
carrier partner and, as Exhibit B, relevant pages of an interconnection agreement between that
carrier partner and a local exchange carrier.2
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
IPNS hereby certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32,
its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47
CFR part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
IPNS certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team with
substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient
technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services. IPNS’s
key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the identified personnel are
being or have been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency
for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
Key Personnel:3
Chief Executive Officer – Brian Krzanich
2 Additional information pertaining to the interconnection agreement found in Exhibit B can be found at
the Illinois Commerce Commission’s website for case 05-0177, available at https://bit.ly/3jFa1zY.
3 IPNS is a subsidiary of CDK Global, LLC. As a result, the individuals included here are listed in their
capacity as part of the CDK Global, LLC leadership team.
3

Executive Vice President, Chief Product and Technology Officer, and acting Chief
Information Officer – Mahesh Shah
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer – Joe Tautges
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
IPNS hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), IPNS will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application and will file a correction with the FCC and each
applicable state within 30 days of any changes. IPNS will also furnish accurate regulatory and
numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons and pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s
rules, IPNS respectfully requests that the Commission grant this application for authorization to
obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Mark W. Brennan
Mark W. Brennan
Joe Cohen
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, DC 20004
D 1+ 202 637 6409
mark.brennan@hoganlovells.com
Counsel to IP Networked Services, Inc.
September 9, 2020
4

Exhibit A
AGREEMENT BETWEEN IP NETWORKED SERVICES, INC. AND
CARRIER PARTNER
(Confidential exhibit submitted separately)

Exhibit B
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN
CARRIER PARTNER AND ILLINOIS BELL TELEPHONE
COMPANY D/B/A SBC ILLINOIS

INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT UNDER SECTIONS 251 AND 252 OF THE
TELECOMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1996
by and among
ILLINOIS BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY D/B/A SBC ILLINOIS,
INDIANA BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY INCORPORATED D/B/A SBC INDIANA,
MICHIGAN BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY D/B/A SBC MICHIGAN,
NEVADA BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY D/B/A SBC NEVADA,
THE OHIO BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY D/B/A SBC OHIO,
PACIFIC BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY D/B/A SBC CALIFORNIA,
THE SOUTHERN NEW ENGLAND TELEPHONE COMPANY D/B/A SBC
CONNECTICUT,
SOUTHWESTERN BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY D/B/A SBC ARKANSAS,
SBC KANSAS, SBC MISSOURI, SBC OKLAHOMA AND/OR SBC TEXAS,
WISCONSIN BELL, INC. D/B/A SBC WISCONSIN
and
LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS, LLC

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS–SBC-13STATE
PAGE 1 OF 73
SBC-13STATE/LEVEL 3
021005
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT UNDER SECTIONS 251 AND 252 OF THE
TELECOMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1996
This Interconnection and/or Resale Agreement under Sections 251 and 252 of the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the Agreement), by and between one or more of the SBC
Communications Inc. owned ILEC’s Illinois Bell Telephone Company d/b/a SBC Illinois,
Indiana Bell Telephone Company Incorporated d/b/a SBC Indiana, Michigan Bell
Telephone Company d/b/a SBC Michigan, Nevada Bell Telephone Company d/b/a SBC
Nevada, The Ohio Bell Telephone Company d/b/a SBC Ohio, Pacific Bell Telephone
Company d/b/a SBC California, The Southern New England Telephone Company d/b/a
SBC Connecticut and Southwestern Bell Telephone, L.P. d/b/a SBC Arkansas, SBC Kansas,
SBC Missouri, SBC Oklahoma and/or SBC Texas, and Wisconsin Bell, Inc. d/b/a SBC
Wisconsin, (only to the extent that the agent for each such SBC-owned ILEC executes this
Agreement for such SBC-owned ILEC and only to the extent that such SBC-owned ILEC
provides Telephone Exchange Services as an ILEC in each of the state(s) listed below) and,
Level 3 Communications, LLC (“LEVEL 3”), (a Delaware corporation), shall apply to the
state(s) of Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, Missouri,
Nevada, Ohio, Oklahoma, Texas, and Wisconsin.
WHEREAS, the Parties want to Interconnect their networks at mutually agreed upon points of
interconnection to provide, directly or indirectly, Telephone Exchange Services and Exchange
Access to End-Users over their respective Telephone Exchange Service facilities in the states
which are subject to this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the Parties are entering into this Agreement to set forth the respective obligations
of the Parties and the terms and conditions under which the Parties will Interconnect their
networks and facilities and provide to each other services as required by the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 as specifically set forth herein; and
WHEREAS, for purposes of this Agreement, LEVEL 3 intends to operate where Illinois Bell
Telephone Company d/b/a SBC Illinois, Indiana Bell Telephone Company Incorporated
d/b/a SBC Indiana, Michigan Bell Telephone Company d/b/a SBC Michigan, Nevada Bell
Telephone Company d/b/a SBC Nevada, The Ohio Bell Telephone Company d/b/a SBC
Ohio, Pacific Bell Telephone Company d/b/a SBC California, The Southern New England
Telephone Company d/b/a SBC Connecticut and Southwestern Bell Telephone, L.P. d/b/a
SBC Arkansas, SBC Kansas, SBC Missouri, SBC Oklahoma and/or SBC Texas, and
Wisconsin Bell, Inc. d/b/a SBC Wisconsin are the incumbent Local Exchange Carrier(s) and
LEVEL 3, a competitive Local Exchange Carrier, has or, prior to the provisioning of any
Interconnection, access to unbundled Network Elements, Telecommunications Services or any
other functions, facilities, products or services hereunder, will have been granted authority to
provide certain local Telephone Exchange Services in the foregoing ILEC Service areas by the
appropriate State Commission(s);

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS–SBC-13STATE
PAGE 12 OF 73
SBC-13STATE/LEVEL 3
021005
4.13 Each Party shall be responsible for labor relations with its own employees. Each
Party agrees to notify the other Party as soon as practicable whenever such Party
has knowledge that a labor dispute concerning its employees is delaying or
threatens to delay such Party’s timely performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and shall endeavor to minimize impairment of service to the other
Party (for example, by using its management personnel to perform work or by
other means) in the event of a labor dispute to the extent permitted by Applicable
Law.
4.14 Each Party shall act in good faith in its performance under this Agreement and, in
each case in which a Party’s consent or agreement is required or requested
hereunder, such Party shall not unreasonably withhold or delay such consent or
agreement.
5. EFFECTIVE DATE, TERM, AND TERMINATION
5.1 This Effective Date of this Agreement shall be ten (10) calendar days after the
Commission approves this Agreement under Section 252(e) of the Act or, absent
such Commission approval, the date this Agreement is deemed approved under
Section 252(e)(4) of the Act.
5.2 The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date of this
Agreement and shall expire on December 31, 2006. Absent the receipt by one
Party of written notice from the other Party at least within one hundred and eighty
(180) days prior to the expiration of the Term to the effect that such Party does
not intend to extend the Term, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
on and after the expiration of the Term until terminated by either Party pursuant
to Section 5.3 or 5.4.
5.3 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, either Party may
terminate this Agreement and the provision of any Interconnection, Resale
Services, Network Elements, functions, facilities, products or services provided
pursuant to this Agreement, at the sole discretion of the terminating Party, in the
event that the other Party fails to perform a material obligation or breaches a
material term of this Agreement and the other Party fails to cure such
nonperformance or breach within forty-five (45) calendar days after written notice
thereof. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 5.3 shall take
effect immediately upon delivery of written notice to the other Party that it failed
to cure such nonperformance or breach within forty-five (45) calendar days after
written notice thereof.

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS–SBC-13STATE
PAGE 13 OF 73
SBC-13STATE/LEVEL 3
021005
5.4 If pursuant to Section 5.2, this Agreement continues in full force and effect after
the expiration of the Term, either Party may terminate this Agreement after
delivering written notice to the other Party of its intention to terminate this
Agreement, subject to Sections 5.5 and 5.6. Neither Party shall have any liability
to the other Party for termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 5.4
other than its obligations under Sections 5.5 and 5.6.
5.5 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement in accordance with Sections
5.2, 5.3 or 5.4:
5.5.1 Each Party shall continue to comply with its obligations set forth in
Section 42; and
5.5.2 Each Party shall promptly pay all amounts owed under this Agreement or
place any Disputed Amounts into an escrow account that complies with
Section 8.4 hereof;
5.5.3 Each Party's confidentiality obligations shall survive; and
5.5.4 Each Party 's indemnification obligations shall survive.
5.6 If either Party serves notice of expiration pursuant to Section 5.2 or Section 5.4,
LEVEL 3 shall have ten (10) days to provide SBC-13STATE written
confirmation if LEVEL 3 wishes to pursue a successor agreement with SBC-
13STATE or terminate its agreement. LEVEL 3 shall identify the action to be
taken on each applicable (13) state(s). If LEVEL 3 wishes to pursue a successor
agreement with SBC-13STATE, LEVEL 3 shall attach to its written
confirmation or notice of expiration/termination, as applicable, a written request
to commence negotiations with SBC-13STATE under Sections 251/252 of the
Act and identify each of the state(s) the successor agreement will cover. Upon
receipt of LEVEL 3’s Section 252(a)(1) request, the Parties shall commence
good faith negotiations on a successor agreement.
5.7 The rates, terms and conditions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect until the earlier of: (i) the effective date of its successor agreement, whether
such successor agreement is established via negotiation, arbitration or pursuant to
Section 252(i) of the Act; or (ii) the date that is ten (10) months after the date of
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 5.2 and 5.4.
5.8 If at any time during the Section 252(a)(1) negotiation process (prior to or after
the expiration date or termination date of this Agreement), LEVEL 3 withdraws
its Section 252(a)(1) request, LEVEL 3 must include in its notice of withdrawal a

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS–SBC-13STATE
PAGE 14 OF 73
SBC-13STATE/LEVEL 3
021005
request to adopt a successor agreement under Section 252(i) of the Act or
affirmatively state that LEVEL 3 does not wish to pursue a successor agreement
with SBC-13STATE for a given state. The rates, terms and conditions of this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for a period of ninety (90) days
after the date LEVEL 3 provides notice of withdrawal of its Section 252(a)(1)
request. On the ninety-first (91) day following SBC-13STATE's receipt of
LEVEL 3's notice of withdrawal of its Section 252(a)(1) request, unless LEVEL
3 provided SBC-13STATE notice of a Section 252(i) adoption in the interim, the
Parties shall, subject to Section 5.5, have no further obligations under this
Agreement.
5.9 If LEVEL 3 does not affirmatively state that it wishes to pursue a successor
agreement with SBC-13STATE in its, as applicable, notice of expiration or
termination or the written confirmation required after receipt of SBC-13STATE’s
notice of expiration or termination, then the rates, terms and conditions of this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for a period of ninety (90) days
after the date LEVEL 3 provided or received notice of expiration or termination.
On the ninety-first (91) day following LEVEL 3 provided or received notice of
expiration or termination, the Parties shall, subject to Section 5.5, have no further
obligations under this Agreement.
5.10 In the event of termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.9, SBC-
13STATE and LEVEL 3 shall cooperate in good faith to effect an orderly
transition of service under this Agreement; provided that LEVEL 3 shall be
solely responsible (from a financial, operational and administrative standpoint) to
ensure that its End-Users have been transitioned to a new LEC by the expiration
date, termination date of this Agreement.
6. FRAUD
6.1 SBC-13STATE shall not be liable to LEVEL 3 for any fraud associated with
LEVEL 3’s End-User’s account, including 1+ IntraLATA toll, ported numbers,
and Alternate Billing Service (ABS). LEVEL 3 shall not be liable to SBC-
13STATE for any fraud associated with SBC-13STATE’s End-User’s account,
including 1+ IntraLATA toll, ported numbers, and Alternate Billing Service
(ABS). ABS is a service that allows End-Users to bill calls to account(s) that
might not be associated with the originating line. There are three types of ABS
calls: calling card, collect, and third number billed calls.
6.2 The Parties agree to cooperate with one another to investigate, minimize, and take
corrective action in cases of fraud involving 1+ IntraLATA toll calls, ABS, and
ported numbers. The Parties' fraud minimization procedures are to be cost-