Office ofthe Secretary
Service Date
July 25, 2017
BEFORE THE IDAHO PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION
IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION )
OF NATIVE NETWORK, INC. TO ) CASE NO. NNI-T-17-O1
REGISTER AS A WHOLESALE )
TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDER IN ) ORDER NO. 33819
IDAHO )
On March 2, 2017, Native Network, Inc. (“Native”) applied to the Commission, per
Procedural Order No. 32277 and IDAPA 31.01.01.114, for registration as a wholesale provider
of telecommunications service in Idaho. The Commission issued a Notice of Application and
Notice of Modified Procedure with a 21-day comment period. Order No. 33795. Commission
Staff was the only party to file written comments. The Commission now approves the
Application.
THE APPLICATION
Native is a corporation organized in the State of Washington and lists its main
business address as Wenatchee, Washington. Application at 1. Idaho’s Secretary of State
certified that Native was authorized to transact business in Idaho as of December 27, 2016. Id,
Exhibit A at 7. Native lists CT Corporation, 921 S. Orchard Street, Suite G, Boise, Idaho 83705,
as its registered agent in Idaho. Id at 2.
Native “is in the process of negotiating an interconnection agreement [with] Frontier
Communications.” Id. at 2. Native “agrees to comply with rules applicable to competitive
wholesale providers oflocal telecommunications services.” Id at 3. Also, Native agrees “it will
be subject to numbering conservation measures, including mandatory one thousand block
pooling, donation back to the pool of unused or underutilized thousand number blocks, and
submission ofapplicable utilization/forecast reports at the one thousand block level for each rate
center within its service territory.” Id. at 3.
STAFF COMMENTS
Staff reviewed Native’s Application and believes that the Company understands
Commission Rule of Procedure 114 and Order No. 32277. Comments at 2. Staff also believes
that Native possesses the requisite financial, managerial, and technical qualifications to operate
as a provider of telecommunications services. Id Staff recommended that the Commission
ORDERNO. 33819 1

approve Native as a registered wholesale communications provider subject to the following
conditions:
1. Native shall comply with number pooling and requirements of the North
American Numbering Plan Administrator, as set forth in Commission
Order No. 30425.
2. Native shall provide necessary reports, and contribute as appropriate to the
Idaho Universal Service Fund, Idaho Telecommunications Relay System,
and Idaho Telecommunications Service Assistance Program; and
3. Native shall comply with all future reporting requirements deemed
appropriate by the Commission for competitive telecommunications
providers.
COMMISSION FINDINGS AND DECISION
In 2011, the Commission investigated whether to adopt a “certification process for
...
Title 62 telecommunications providers that do not provide basic local exchange service.” Order
No. 32277 at 2. After considering comments and recommendations from several
telecommunications companies operating in Idaho, the Commission determined it necessary to
establish a “registration or certification process for telecommunications companies that do not
provide basic local exchange service, as defined by state law.” Id. at 8. The Commission
concluded such process would “enable those companies to access important rights or privileges
identified in the federal Telecommunications Act as they enter the telecommunications markets
in Idaho.” 1(1. Accordingly, the Commission held that telecommunications companies “that do
not intend to provide basic local exchange service but request Commission registration may file
an application under Rule 114, with minor modification to eliminate information required by the
Rule relating to retail basic local exchange service.” Id. “A company that completes the
application process as required in Rule 114. Section[sj 1 and 5 through 8, will be recognized
...
by the Commission as having successfully registered as a wholesale provider of
telecommunications services in Idaho.” Id.
The Commission has reviewed and considered the record, including Native’s
Application and attached exhibits, and the Staffcomments. The Commission finds that Native is
a wholesale telecommunications provider and has demonstrated a willingness and commitment
“to adhere to number pooling and reporting requirements to assist the Commission in preserving
numbers.” See Id. at 8. The Commission further finds that Native’s Application comports with
ORDERNO. 33819

Commission Rule of Procedure 114 and Order No. 32277. The Commission thus approves
Native’s Application to register as a wholesale telecommunications provider in Idaho, subject to
the conditions specified above.
ORDER
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the Commission approves the Application ofNative
Networks, Inc. to register as a wholesale telecommunications provider in Idaho.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Native’s certification shall be subject to the
conditions outlined above.
THIS IS A FINAL ORDER. Any person interested in this Order may petition for
reconsideration within twenty-one (21) days ofthe service date ofthis Order. Within seven (7)
days after any person has petitioned for reconsideration, any other person may cross-petition for
reconsideration. See Idaho Code § 61-626.
DONE by Order ofthe Idaho Public Utilities Commission at Boise, Idaho this
day ofJuly 2017.
44tL
£L’c
KR TINE RAPER, COMMISSIONER
ERIC
ATTEST:
Diane M. Hanian
Commission Secretary
O:NNI-T-17-Oldjh2
ORDERNO. 33819
-3