Coeur d’Alene Tribe
Red Spectrum Communications
INTERCONNECTED VOIP PROVIDER (IVP) AGREEMENT WITH NATIVE NETWORK
This Interconnected Inbound/Outbound Voice Over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) Provider
Agreement (“IVP Agreement”) is subject to and made a part of the Interconnection Agreement
(“ICA”) Number RSC 052017-0007 between the Coeur d’Alene Tribe, 850 A Street, (“Tribe"), by
and through its company, Red Spectrum Communications, LLC (“Red Spectrum”) and Native
Network, Inc. (“Native Network”), located at 250 East Penny Road, Suite 200 Wenatchee, WA
9880. Red Spectrum and Native Network are collectively referred to herein as “Parties” and
individually as a “Party.” This IVP Agreement and the Master Service Agreement (“MSA”)
govern the sale and purchase of the services described below.
1.0 Description.
Native Network will provide a suite of telecommunications services required to support
customer telephony via this IVP Agreement.
2.0 Local Market Inbound and Outbound Traffic.
Local Market Inbound and Outbound Traffic is included with Red Spectrum’s purchase of
Interconnected VoIP Provider (“IVP”) trunks and includes all calling areas where Red Spectrum:
i) is established as a state-authorized IVP, ii) has acquired telephone resources from the FCC
North American Numbering Plan Administrator (“NANPA”), and iii) has indicated to Native
Network that this traffic is to be included on Red Spectrum’s trunk order.
3.0 Interexchange Outbound Service.
Interexchange (“IXC”) Outbound Service is traffic between Red Spectrum’s network and
other telecommunications carriers. Red Spectrum may pass both Domestic U.S. Originated and
Non-Domestic Originated traffic to Native Network to be terminated to any of the locations listed
on the pricing schedule as outlined in this IVP Agreement.
4.0 Local Access IVP Inbound and Outbound
This product includes traffic from the Access Tandem, Local Tandem and End Office
connections within the local calling areas where the customer owns Telephone Number
resources as well as any ported numbers within same area. This product also includes any
NATIVE NETWORK, INC. & RED SPECTRUM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
IVP AGREEMENT
Page 1 of 9
CONFIDENTIAL

inbound traffic from national and international VoIP provider connections that traverse the
Native Network.
4.1 Access Tandem. Inbound traffic from the world that flows through traditional Public
Switched Telephone Network (PSTN). This includes National and International traffic
destined for customers Local Routing Number (LRN) and blocks of number resources.
The access tandem for customers region will be Couer D’ Alene.
4.2 Local Tandem. Two way traffic originated or terminated from a specific Local Tandem to
customers switch and within supported calling areas. A supported calling area is one
which the customer has telephone resources authorized by NANPA and as recorded in
the Local Exchange Routing Guide (LERG). The LERG shall be the default calling area
identifier. Calling area may be revised from time to time to accommodate customers
marketing and business objectives. Any modifications will be authorized in writing by
both parties prior to any changes going into effect.
4.3 End Office. Two way traffic originated or terminated from a specific Incumbent Local
Exchange Carrier (“ILEC”) End Office to customers switch and within the supported
calling areas. A supported calling area is one which the customer has telephone
resources authorized by NANPA and as recorded in the Local Exchange Routing Guide
(LERG). The LERG shall be the default calling area identifier. Calling area may be
revised from time to time to accommodate customers marketing and business
objectives. Any modifications will be authorized in writing by both parties prior to any
changes going into effect.
4.4 Session Initiated Protocol (“SIP”)- VoIP Interexchange (“IXC”) Inbound. One way
traffic originated on direct connected 3rd party IXC or Transit networks and terminated on
the Native Network SIP IXC network utilizing the SIP protocol. This traffic is then
NATIVE NETWORK, INC. & RED SPECTRUM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
IVP AGREEMENT
Page 2 of 9
CONFIDENTIAL

terminated on the customers IVP trunks and is considered equivalent to Access Tandem
Traffic and therefore is covered by IVP trunk charges as described in section.
5.0 Interexchange Service Type.
5.1 Red Spectrum has elected to only send interexchange calls that originate within the fifty
(50) United States and are routed to Native Network for termination to destinations listed
in the pricing schedule (“Domestic-Originated Traffic”) through Native Network’s network.
Except as otherwise noted, the point of origination is determined by the originating
Automatic Number Identification (“ANI”) and must follow the North American Numbering
Plan (“NANP”) format.
5.2 Red Spectrum agrees to be bound by the pricing and terms associated with this selected
Traffic and Trunk Group.
5.3 Red Spectrum may deliver traffic destined to any location specified in the applicable
Traffic and Trunk Group (Domestic-Originated Traffic).
5.4 Native Network shall provide Red Spectrum with the applicable pricing schedule as
updated from time to time.
5.5 If Red Spectrum delivers traffic to destinations other than what is listed in the applicable
pricing schedule, Native Network may issue a redirection message or a surcharge to
Red Spectrum.
5.6 Red Spectrum shall connect to Native Network’s network in a manner and at locations
determined by Native Network. Start of service will be concurrent with Red Spectrum’s
directing SIP-Configured calls via the public Internet to the Internet Protocol (“IP”)
addresses designated by Native Network, dedicated SIP connection, or Time-Division
Multiplexing (“TDM”) circuit.
NATIVE NETWORK, INC. & RED SPECTRUM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
IVP AGREEMENT
Page 3 of 9
CONFIDENTIAL

6.0 Signaling.
6.1 Concerning all traffic handled for Red Spectrum, Native Network agrees to pass through,
without change, all ANI components containing call detail information used in billing
access and reciprocal compensation charges.
6.2 The Parties agree not to change, manipulate, or in any way intentionally modify traffic
line records, including, but not limited to, Calling Party Number (“CPN”) and ANI, except
as specified in this IVP Agreement.
7.0 Pricing.
7.1 IXC Call Terminations. Native Network offers both national and non-national IXC call
terminations based upon rate decks.
7.2 Local Access Call Terminations. Native Network offers call origination and terminations
of local and intra-lata traffic from customer’s switch to and from the identified Access
Tandem and /or the Local Tandems as well as the any End Office locations to support
the customer’s contracted calling areas.
7.3 Rates for IXC. Native Network shall provide Red Spectrum with rates for termination of
Domestic and Non-Domestic Originated Traffic. Rates are calculated per minute and via
rate deck with pricing and availability updates on a regular basis by LATA/OCN or by
NPANXX at Red Spectrum’s choice (“Routing Member and Pricing List”).
7.4 The Routing Member and Pricing List identify the appropriate footprint and associated
rate. Traffic sent outside of the footprint will be billed at the default rate identified in the
Routing Member and Pricing List. Unless explicitly stated, any pricing not covered in this
Service Order is subject to the applicable Native Network Tariff covering such service.
The currency of settlement shall be US Dollar (US$). Every minute is billed at a single
rate.
NATIVE NETWORK, INC. & RED SPECTRUM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
IVP AGREEMENT
Page 4 of 9
CONFIDENTIAL

7.5 Rates for Local IVP Access. Rates for local Termination and Originated Traffic are
covered by the monthly SIP Trunk charge. A minimum of 20 Trunks inbound and 20
trunks outbound is minimum requirement. As traffic increases additional trunks will be
added to accommodate the additional traffic, based on a mutually agreed upon metric
that accounts for maximum busy hour traffic and acceptable congestion levels.
7.6 Rate Changes. Rates for all traffic are subject to change on thirty (30) days’ notice.
Modification in rates may be in the form of new rates, charges and/or surcharges or
through modification of existing rate elements which are used to determine rates and/or
charges. Red Spectrum is liable for payment on any rate changes past the effective date
as documented in a delivered rate modification notice.
7.7 Call Jurisdiction. For rating purposes, Red Spectrum acknowledges that the call
jurisdiction will be determined based upon available call stream data. Red Spectrum
warrants that it will not delete, or modify in any way, call stream data. Non-Domestic
Originated Traffic that does not conform to the North American Numbering Plan format
for the originating ANI and terminating within the United States, will be rated as
INTERstate only if such traffic adheres to the standards established in recommendations
by the ITU Telecommunication Standardization Sector in the International Public
Telecommunication Numbering Plan (“E.164”) strings for all fields, including a (+)
preceding the originating ANI or using SIP-T with the Nature of Address.
7.8 Indeterminate/Non-Domestic, Non-E.164/Outside Footprint. Native Network will charge,
and Red Spectrum shall pay, the INTRAstate per minute rate for traffic that does not
adhere to the E.164(+) standard for non-domestic originated calls or where call
jurisdiction is otherwise unknown or indeterminate. Any call terminated by Native
Network that is not on the most current Routing Member and Pricing List provided to
Red Spectrum will be charged at the INTRAState default rate for calls terminating in the
NATIVE NETWORK, INC. & RED SPECTRUM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
IVP AGREEMENT
Page 5 of 9
CONFIDENTIAL

fifty (50) United States and International default rate for calls terminating outside of the
fifty (50) United States.
7.9 For the purposes of this IVP Agreement, Native Network is not responsible for fees,
duties, taxes or assessments related to any portion of the Non-Domestic traffic delivered
to Native Network, and therefore Red Spectrum shall pay such duties and taxes at the
rate and in the manner prescribed by law in Red Spectrum’s country and/ or the country
from which the call originated.
7.10 Call Parameters and Surcharges. Red Spectrum shall adhere to the following
call parameters or the applicable surcharges will apply.
7.10.1 Calls Per Second. Calls Per Second (“CPS”) refers to how many
telephone calls that can be handled in a second. Native Network will
provision services to not exceed ten (10) calls per second per 672 ports.
7.10.2 Short Duration Surcharge. A Short Duration (“SD”) call is a completed
call that is six (6) seconds or less in duration. Red Spectrum shall not
intentionally send SD traffic. It is Red Spectrum’s responsibility to monitor
its traffic for SD traffic. If, however, SD traffic is sent to Native Network,
the number of SD calls during any billing cycle must not exceed 15% SD
Threshold.
7.10.3 SD traffic percentages are calculated based on the total traffic associated
with a product pricing list. If Red Spectrum has traffic associated with
multiple product pricing lists, an SD percentage will be calculated per
product pricing list. For SD Threshold violations, Native Network will
charge, without notice and in addition to the per minute rates (Interstate
Long Distance, Intrastate Long Distance and Local, if applicable) a
NATIVE NETWORK, INC. & RED SPECTRUM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
IVP AGREEMENT
Page 6 of 9
CONFIDENTIAL

surcharge equal to $0.01 per SD call exceeding the applicable SD
Threshold during that billing cycle under this IVP Agreement.
7.10.4 Incomplete Call Ratio Surcharges. A Completed Call is a call where
Native Network receives answer supervision from the terminating end.
The Total Call Attempts equals the total calls attempted (both answered
and incomplete). The Incomplete Call Ratio (“ICR”) is the ratio of the total
call attempts less the completed calls to the total number of attempted
calls expressed as a percentage. ICR = ((Total Call Attempts – Total
Completed Calls)/Total Call Attempts) *100. Customer’s ICR shall not
exceed fifty-five (55) percent (“ICR Threshold”). Native Network may, in
its sole discretion and upon notice, modify the ICR Threshold if industry
standards change. If Red Spectrum’s ICR is above the ICR Threshold,
Native Network reserves the right, at its sole discretion to impose a
surcharge, in addition to the per minutes rates (Interstate Long Distance,
Intrastate Long Distance and Local, if applicable) equal to $0.01 per
incomplete call exceeding the ICR Threshold during that billing cycle
under this IVP Agreement.
7.10.5 If Red Spectrum is in violation of this section, Red Spectrum shall take
immediate remedial action. Notwithstanding, if Red Spectrum’s remedial
actions do not result in immediate resolution of the issue, Native Network
may, in addition to applying applicable surcharges and in its sole
discretion (i) modify the CPS; (ii) modify the ICR; and (iii) take curative
action that may result in the modification, suspension or cancellation of
Red Spectrum’s Services.
NATIVE NETWORK, INC. & RED SPECTRUM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
IVP AGREEMENT
Page 7 of 9
CONFIDENTIAL

7.11 Routing List Contact. Red Spectrum shall provide Native Network with the
proper contact information for the distribution of the Routing Member and Pricing List as
provided in this section.
Routing Member and Pricing List Customer Contact:
Name: Tami Williams, Office Manager
Address: Red Spectrum Communications, LLC
PO Box 229
850 A Street, Plummer, ID 83851
Phone: (208) 686-2079
Email: twilliams@cdatribe-nsn.gov
With a Copy To:
Name: Valerie Fast Horse, Director, Coeur d’Alene Tribe
Address: PO Box 408, Plummer, ID 83851
Phone: (208) 686-5059
Email: vjfasthorse@cdatribe-nsn.gov
8.0 Additional Terms.
8.1 Native Network, at its sole discretion, may return a redirect message to Red Spectrum
for any destination it is unable to deliver traffic. On certain destinations volume
restrictions may be applied. These volume restrictions become effective on the first of
each month after a fourteen (14) day written notice period.
8.2 Nothing in this IVP Agreement shall be construed as obligating Red Spectrum to utilize
Native Network exclusively for delivery, or routing of, traffic that is destined for the
subscribers of Native Network’s Carrier Customers.
8.3 Red Spectrum, in accordance with the terms of this IVP Agreement, shall not send any
E911, 911, operator services or any other traffic destined for any emergency 911 Center
or any other local, state or federal emergency organization, and Native Network will
return this traffic to Red Spectrum’s originating equipment and will be held harmless
NATIVE NETWORK, INC. & RED SPECTRUM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC
IVP AGREEMENT
Page 8 of 9
CONFIDENTIAL