Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
Dialwave, Inc. )
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering ) WC Docket No. 25-204
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission’s Rules )
SUPPLEMENT NO. 1 TO
APPLICATION OF DIALWAVE, INC.
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
a. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii):
1. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(I)
Dialwave certifies that it has filed FCC Form 477. Evidence in support of this
certification can be found in Exhibit A.
2. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(K)
i. Dialwave, Inc. (“Dialwave”) certifies that it possesses the financial,
managerial, and technical expertise to provide reliable service.
ii. Dialwave’s key management and technical personnel are as follows:
Robert Nichols, Chief Executive Officer
Attached as Exhibit B is the resume for Robert Nichols.
iii. Neither Dialwave, nor any of the identified key management personnel,
are being or have been investigated by the Commission, law enforcement,
or any regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order,
including the Commission’s rules applicable to unlawful robocalls or
unlawful spoofing.

3. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(L)
i. 47 C.F.R. § 63.18(h)(1)
Name: Robert Nichols
Address: 31 West 34th Street
8th Floor
New York, NY 10001
Citizenship: US
Principal Business: Telecommunications
Shares Owned: 100%
ii. 47 C.F.R. § 63.18(h)(1)(i)–(ii)
Dialwave is 100% directly owned by a single individual. There are no
intervening entities and no equity or voting interests are held indirectly.
iii. 47 C.F.R. § 63.18(h)(2)
Robert Nichols
Dialwave, Inc.
iv. 47 C.F.R. § 63.18(h)(3)
There are no interlocking directorates with a foreign carrier.
v. 47 C.F.R. § 63.18(i)
Dialwave certifies that it is not a foreign carrier and is not associated with
a foreign carrier.
4. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(N)
Attached as Exhibit C is an Officer’s Declaration.

b. ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF CONDITIONS IN 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(x)
Dialwave will maintain the accuracy of all contact information and certifications
in this application and will file any corrections or revisions with the Commission and
each applicable state within 30 days of the changes as required by 47 C.F.R. §
52.15(g)(3)(x).
c. CONCLUSION
Dialwave respectfully requests that the Commission grant this application for
authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Robert Nichols
Robert Nichols
CEO
Dialwave, Inc.
robert.nichols@dialwave.com
Dated: September 10, 2025

LIST OF EXHIBITS
Exhibit A Proof of Filing FCC Form 477
Exhibit B Resume of Robert Nichols
Exhibit C Officer’s Declaration

EXHIBIT A
Proof of Filing FCC Form 477

EXHIBIT B
Resume of Robert Nichols

Robert Nichols
Professional Summary
Technology and telecommunications executive with 20+ years of expertise in datacenter engineering,
enterprise network architecture and operations, software development, and regulatory oversight. Proven
record in designing, deploying, and managing large-scale infrastructure, building and scaling telecom
platforms, and driving regulatory compliance initiatives. Demonstrated ability to align technology strategy
with business growth and global operations.
Experience
Dialwave – Chief Executive Officer
2021 – Present
- Lead strategic direction and overall operations of the company
- Lead development of proprietary telecom stack, APIs, and customer dashboards
- Architect and deploy multi-cloud infrastructure delivering scalable, high availability, and fault-
tolerant services
- Negotiate and manage interconnection and peering agreements
- Ensure compliance with domestic and international telecom regulations
- Direct network operations, monitoring, and incident response programs
- Drive corporate governance, strategic partnerships, and business development initiatives
ignition360 – Managing Member
2012 – Present
- Provide consulting and design services for enterprise data and voice networks
- Design and implement custom infrastructure solutions tailored to client requirements
- Manage IT operations spanning servers, storage, virtualization, and networking
- Oversee vendor relationships, procurement, and contract negotiations
- Provide cloud integration, disaster recovery planning, and virtualization services
- Advise clients on security, compliance, and process optimization
FDCServers – Data Center Engineer / Software Developer
2009 – 2015
- Supported expansion of datacenter infrastructure across 20+ global sites
- Configured and maintained BGP, OSPF, VRRP, LACP, and VLANs on multi-vendor networking
platforms
- Designed and deployed automation software to streamline datacenter operations and improve
efficiency
Mandragore – Senior System Engineer
2004 – 2012
- Directed datacenter buildouts, enterprise networking, and VMware cluster deployments
- Administered VMware clusters, including servers, networking, and custom storage systems
- Deployed and maintained custom Asterisk PBX systems for enterprise communications

EXHIBIT C
Officer’s Declaration

            
DECLARATION OF ROBERT NICHOLS
I, Robert Nichols, declare, pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 1.16 and under penalty of perjury, that
the following is true and correct:
1. I am the Chief Executive Officer of Dialwave, Inc., and I have served in this role
since January 22, 2021.
2. I have reviewed the foregoing Supplement No. 1 to the Application of Dialwave,
Inc. for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources, together with the exhibits,
and I am familiar with their contents.
3. To the best of my knowledge, information, and belief, the information and
statements contained in the foregoing Supplement No. 1 are true and correct.
Robert Nichols
CEO
Dialwave, Inc.
robert.nichols@dialwave.com
Dated: September 10, 2025