51 LOUISIANA AVENUE, N.W. • WASHINGTON, D.C. 20001.2113
TELEPHONE: +1.202.879.3939 • FACSIMILE: +1.202.626.1700
Direct Number: (202) 879-3630
bolcott@jonesday.com
September 15, 2020
REDACTED PUBLIC VERSION
BY ELECTRONIC DELIVERY
Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street S.W.
Washington D.C. 20554
Re: Application of Five9, Inc. for Authorization to Obtain
Numbering Resources
WC Docket No. 20-____
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Five9, Inc. (“Five9”), by its counsel and pursuant to Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the
Commission’s Rules, 47 C.F.R. §§ 0.457, 0.459, hereby requests that the attached contracts
included in Exhibits A and B be treated as confidential and withheld from public inspection.
Five9 is filing with the Commission the attached Application for Authorization to Obtain
Numbering Resources. As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the Commission’s rules and
paragraph 37 of the Commission’s Order addressing the provision of numbering resources to
interconnected VoIP providers, Five9’s application includes copies of agreements between Five9
and its carrier partners, including with a local exchange carrier for the origination and termination
of traffic from Five9’s network.1 The Commission’s Order on numbering resources acknowledged
that applicants for numbering resources may need to file these materials on a confidential basis,2
which is what Five9 is requesting. In support of this request for confidential treatment, and in
accordance with the requirements of Section 0.459(b) of the Commission’s rules, 47 C.F.R. §
0.459(b), Five9 herein provides the following information:
1 See Numbering Policies for Modern Communications et al., Report and Order, 30 FCC Rcd.
6839, ¶ 37 (2015).
2 See id., ¶ 38 n.130.
ALKHOBAR • AMSTERDAM • ATLANTA • BEIJING • BOSTON • BRUSSELS • CHICAGO • CLEVELAND • COLUMBUS • DALLAS
DUBAI • DÜSSELDORF • FRANKFURT • HONG KONG • HOUSTON • IRVINE • JEDDAH • LONDON • LOS ANGELES • MADRID
MEXICO CITY • MIAMI • MILAN • MOSCOW • MUNICH • NEW YORK • PARIS • PERTH • PITTSBURGH • RIYADH • SAN DIEGO
SAN FRANCISCO • SÃO PAULO • SHANGHAI • SILICON VALLEY • SINGAPORE • SYDNEY • TAIPEI • TOKYO • WASHINGTON

PUBLIC VERSION
Marlene H. Dortch
September 15, 2020
Page 2
0.459(b)(1) Identification of the specific information for which confidential treatment is
sought. Five9 seek confidential treatment for its Master Service Agreement, including the
attached amendment, between Five9 and Level 3 Enhanced Services, LLC, and for its SIP
Gateway Outbound Service Agreement between Five9 and Verizon Services Corp.,
hereinafter referred to together as the “Carrier Agreements.”
0.459(b)(2) Identification of the Commission proceeding in which the information was
submitted or a description of the circumstances giving rise to the submission. Five9 is
filing the Carrier Agreements in support of its Application for Authorization to Obtain
Numbering Resources. The submission of the Carrier Agreements is required by Section
52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the Commission’s rules and paragraph 37 of the Commission’s Order
addressing the provision of numbering resources to interconnected VoIP providers.3
0.459(b)(3) Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or
financial, or contains a trade secret or is privileged. The Carrier Agreements include
commercial, technical and financial information regarding the contractual arrangements
between Five9 and its carrier partners and therefore qualify as information that should be
protected from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act (“FOIA”) as “commercial or
financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential.” 5 U.S.C. §
552(b)(4).
0.459(b)(4) Explanation of the degree to which the information concerns a service that
is subject to competition. The market for telecommunications services is highly competitive
with numerous carriers providing transport services and competition also existing in the
market for local exchange services. As a result, the individual terms of the Carrier Agreements
are subject to significant negotiation between the parties.
0.459(b)(5) Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial
competitive harm. Five9’s carrier partners are subject to significant competition in the
telecommunications industry. The prices and terms for the provision of such services are a
substantial differentiator between competing carriers. Therefore, disclosure of the Carrier
Agreements would result in significant competitive harm to Five9’s carrier partners.
0.459(b)(6) Identification of any measures taken by the submitting party to prevent
unauthorized disclosure. Five9 understands that each of its carrier partners maintain
3 See id., ¶ 37

PUBLIC VERSION
Marlene H. Dortch
September 15, 2020
Page 3
extensive procedures to protect the confidential nature of their commercial agreements. For
example, Five9 is prohibited by contract from publicly disclosing the Carrier Agreements,
except as expressly authorized by the carriers. Further, Five9 is required by its carrier partners
to require the implementation of a non-disclosure agreement or, as in the present case, to
request confidential treatment for the Carrier Agreements.
0.459(b)(7) Identification of whether the information is available to the public and the
extent of any previous disclosure of the information to third parties. Five9 does not
believe that the Carrier Agreements, or their substance, is available to the public or that the
Carrier Agreements have ever been disclosed to third parties absent the protection of a non-
disclosure agreement regarding their contents.
0.459(b)(8) Justification of the period during which the submitting party asserts that
material should not be available for public disclosure. Five9 requests that the Carrier
Agreements be withheld from public disclosure indefinitely. Five9 and its carrier partners
intend for the Carrier Agreements to remain in effect indefinitely and therefore any disclosure
of the Carrier Agreements or their substance would cause competitive harm to Five9’s carrier
partners regardless of the timing of the disclosure.
For the foregoing reasons, Five9 respectfully request that the Carrier Agreements be
granted confidential status and withheld from public inspection. If confidential treatment is not
granted for the attached Carrier Agreements, Five9 request that all copies of the Carrier
Agreements be returned to Five9.
Please contact the undersigned if you have any questions about this matter.
Sincerely,
Bruce A. Olcott

PUBLIC VERSION
Before the
Federal Communications Commission
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
Five9, Inc. ) WC Docket No. 20-
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF FIVE9, INC. FOR AUTHORIZATION TO
OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Five9, Inc. (“Five9”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s rules,
respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering resources as described below.
As set forth in the Commission’s Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may
obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such
authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information
detailed in Sections 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)-(F) of the Commission’s Rules. Five9, a VoIP provider,
hereby requests the Commission grant it that authorization. In support of this application, Five9
provides the following information.
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications et al., Report and Order, 30 FCC Rcd. 6839
(2015).

PUBLIC VERSION
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
(A) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Five9, Inc.
Address: 4000 Executive Parkway
Suite 400
San Ramon, CA 94583
Telephone: 925-231-2141
Qualified Personnel: Melinda Bas
VP Compliance and Privacy
Kimberly Lytikainen
General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Secretary
Jonathan Rosenberg
Chief Technology Officer
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911, and Law Enforcement:
Name: Melinda Bas
Address: 4000 Executive Parkway
Suite 400
San Ramon, CA 94583
Telephone: 925-231-2141
Email: Melinda.Bas@five9.com
(B) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Five9 hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under Section
52.15(g) of the Commission’s rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. Five9 hereby also
acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines and
practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
(C) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Five9 hereby acknowledges that is must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.

PUBLIC VERSION
(D) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Five9 hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date.
Five9 already currently provides VoIP services in all fifty states and in a number of foreign
countries using its own facilities and those of its wholesale carrier partners that route its traffic to
the PSTN. Under its current agreements and established procedures, Five9 will be able to begin
placing numbers into service almost immediately and, in any event, within sixty (60) days of the
numbering resources activation date. As further proof of its facilities readiness, Five9 has attached
to this application, as Exhibit A, a confidential agreement between Five9 and one of its carrier
partners providing that the carrier partner provides switching and transport services for traffic
associated with Five9’s numbers and, in that connection, provides connectivity to the PSTN for
inbound calls to and outbound calls from Five9 numbers. Also attached, as Exhibit B, is an
agreement for origination and termination of Five9’s traffic with an incumbent local exchange carrier
serving all fifty states. Five9 has requested confidential treatment under the Commission’s rules
for Exhibits A and B.
(E) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Five9 hereby certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H; its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii); its North American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32 its
obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154; and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR
part 9.

PUBLIC VERSION
(F) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
Five9 hereby certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. It is publicly traded and financially stable, led by a strong, experienced
management team with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and
has sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in place to continue to provide reliable
numbering and related VoIP services.
Five9 has the superior technical qualifications necessary to provide and maintain successful
operations within the United States and in other countries. Five9 has the capabilities to efficiently
port and place numbers into service and successfully route calls. Additionally, Five9’s
management team’s lengthy experience with number porting enables it, along with its carrier
partners, to create routing arrangements that seamlessly deliver calls to numbers directly assigned
to Five9.
Furthermore, Five9’s personnel have extensive business and network management
experience in telecommunications-related businesses and in serving its targeted customer segment,
including all types of businesses that require the ability to communicate directly with consumers
regarding the order, delivery, and use of their products and/or services. These individuals lead a
team that is highly qualified to manage the domestic and international operations of Five9. Five9’s
key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the identified personnel is
being or has been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency
for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.

PUBLIC VERSION
Key Personnel:2 Melinda Bas
VP Compliance and Privacy
Kimberly Lytikainen
General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Secretary
Jonathan Rosenberg
Chief Technology Officer
(G) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Five9 hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Five9 will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application, and will file a correction with the Commission
and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Five9 will also furnish accurate regulatory
and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting numbers in that
state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Five9 respectfully requests
the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
Bruce A. Olcott
Jones Day
51 Louisiana Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20001
(202) 879-3630
Counsel to Five9, Inc.
2 Attached hereto, as Exhibit C, are the names, titles, biographies, and contact information of
Five9’s key management and technical personnel.

PUBLIC VERSION
EXHIBIT A
CONFIDENTIAL MATERIALS OMITTED
AGREEMENT BETWEEN FIVE9, LLC, AND CARRIER PARTNER
SUBJECT TO REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT –
NOT FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

PUBLIC VERSION
EXHIBIT B
CONFIDENTIAL MATERIALS OMITTED
CARRIER PARTNER-LOCAL EXCHANGE CARRIER AGREEMENT
SUBJECT TO REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT –
NOT FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

PUBLIC VERSION
EXHIBIT C
KEY MANAGEMENT AND TECHNICAL
PERSONNEL
The following are the names, titles, biographies, and contact information
of Five9’s key management and technical personnel:
Kimberly Lytikainen General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Secretary
Kimberly.Lytikainen@Five9.com
Kimberly Lytikainen is the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at
Five9, responsible for all legal affairs and compliance matters for the company.
Kimberly brings over 25 years of legal and leadership experience to help the
Five9 organization scale globally with balanced risk.
Prior to Five9, she was the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at
Poshmark, a next gen consumer marketplace company, and, prior to that, led
MINDBODY, a SaaS company, through an IPO, several strategic acquisitions,
and their sale to Vista Equity Partners as Chief Legal and Compliance Officer,
and Corporate Secretary. She has also held Vice President positions at Pivotal and
NVIDIA, where she enabled many key customer relationships, effectively
resolved high stakes litigation and stewarded NVIDIA through several large
international transactions. Kimberly began her in-house career at Sun
Microsystems, after seven years as a trial attorney handling complex IP cases.
Jonathan Rosenberg, Chief Technology Officer, Jonathan.Rosenberg@Five9.com
Jonathan Rosenberg is the Chief Technology Officer and head of AI at Five9.
Jonathan has dedicated his career to transforming the telecommunications
industry and joins Five9 from Cisco where he was CTO for the Collaboration
Technology Group (CTG). Jonathan is also well known for his authorship of the
SIP protocol, which is the foundation for modern IP-based telecommunications.
Prior to Cisco, Rosenberg was the Chief Technology Strategist at Skype, where he
guided the company’s technology strategy. He received his bachelor’s and
master’s degrees from MIT and holds a PhD in electrical engineering from
Columbia University.
In 2002 he was named one of the most innovative young technologists in the
world by Technology Review magazine. He also was named a "Top Supergeek"
by CRN and won a Pulver Von Pioneer award for contributions to the VoIP
industry. In 2015 he was presented with the Ohio University Strowger Award for
transformational innovation in the Telecommunications industry.

PUBLIC VERSION
Melinda Bas, VP Compliance and Privacy, Melinda.Bas@five9.com
Melinda Bas is the VP of Compliance and Privacy and is responsible for
compliance audits and privacy compliance. Melinda brings over 30 years of
technology experience and supports the Chief Compliance Officer in her
responsibility to manage compliance matters for the company.
Prior to Five9, she was a senior leader specializing in technology compliance at
Oracle Corporation, Salesforce and Sun Microsystems.