F L
OSTER AW
904 West Ave, Ste. 107
Jason A. Danowsky Austin, Texas 78701 Writer’s Email:
Attorney at Law (512) 708-8700 jason@mfosterlaw.com
T Fax (512) 697-0058
www.mfosterlaw.com
September 12, 2018
VIA ECFS
Ms. Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
RE: Request for Confidential Treatment to Application of Hadlo Technologies, LLC
for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(G)
of the Commission’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch,
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Hadlo
Technologies, LLC (“Hadlo”) hereby submits its application requesting authorization to
obtain numbering resources.
Hadlo respectfully requests that, pursuant to Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the
Commission’s rules, 47 C.F.R. § 0.457 and 0.459, the Commission withhold from public
inspection, Exhibit A to this application in its entirety as confidential because the
documents contain trade secrets and commercially sensitive information that falls within
Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act (“FOIA”), 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4). The
information in Exhibit A is “of a kind that would not customarily be released to the
public” and therefore, this information qualifies for confidential treatment under FOIA.
Hadlo respectfully submits that it would suffer substantial competitive harm if this
information were disclosed.
Exhibit A is accordingly marked with “Confidential and Proprietary – Filed
Under Seal Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459.”
In support of this request and pursuant to Section 0.459(b) of the Commission’s
rules, Hadlo hereby states as follows:
1. IDENTIFICATION OF THE SPECIFIC INFORMATION FOR WHICH
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS SOUGHT PURSUANT TO
47 CFR § 0.459(b)(1).
Hadlo seeks confidential treatment of Confidential Exhibit A in its entirety.

Marlene Dortch
September 12, 2018
Page 2 of 3
2. DESCRIPTION OF CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO THE SUBMISSION
PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(2).
Hadlo is submitting the confidential agreements between it and its LEC partner as
proof of Hadlo’s facilities readiness as required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of
the Commission’s rules.
3. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION IS
COMMERCIAL OR FINANCIAL, OR CONTAINS A TRADE SECRET OR IS
PRIVILEGED PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(3).
The information for which Hadlo seeks confidential treatment contains sensitive
commercial information “which would customarily be guarded from competitors”
as defined in 47 CFR § 0.457(d)(2). Confidential Exhibit A consists of
commercial agreements between Hadlo and its LEC partner of which contain
proprietary information concerning Hadlo’s network, customers, and services.
4. EXPLANATION OF THE DEGREE TO WHICH THE INFORMATION
CONCERNS A SERVICE THAT IS SUBJECT TO COMPETITION
PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(4).
Confidential Exhibit A contains information relating to commercial matters that
could be used by competitors to Hadlo’s disadvantage. Hadlo has numerous
competitors in the telecommunications industry in which it operates. Detailed
commercial information on operations of the type provided by Hadlo could
compromise its position in this highly competitive industry. Release of this
information would therefore result in substantial competitive harm to Hadlo.
5. EXPLANATION OF HOW DISCLOSURE OF THE INFORMATION COULD
RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL COMPETITIVE HARM PURSUANT TO 47 CFR
§ 0.459(b)(5).
Competitors could use Hadlo’s proprietary and commercial information to its
detriment as they would gain access to sensitive data about how Hadlo provides
services as well as about Hadlo’s commercial agreements with others in the
market that are not normally disclosed to the public.
6. IDENTIFICATION OF ANY MEASURES TAKEN BY THE SUBMITTING
PARTY TO PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 47
CFR § 0.459(b)(6).
Hadlo has not distributed the information in Confidential Exhibit A to the public
or any parties within Hadlo or outside Hadlo except on a need-to-know basis.

Marlene Dortch
September 12, 2018
Page 3 of 3
7. IDENTIFICATION OF WHETHER THE INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE TO
THE PUBLIC AND THE EXTENT OF ANY PREVIOUS DISCLOSURE OF
THE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES PURSUANT TO 47 CFR §
0.459(b)(7).
Hadlo has not previously disclosed the information in Confidential Exhibit A.
8. JUSTIFICATION OF THE PERIOD DURING WHICH THE SUBMITTING
PARTY ASSERTS THAT MATERIAL SHOULD NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(8).
Hadlo requests that Confidential Exhibit A be treated as confidential for a period of
ten years. This period is necessary due to the proprietary nature of the information in
Confidential Exhibit A.
9. OTHER INFORMATION THAT HADLO BELIEVES MAY BE USEFUL IN
ASSESSING WHETHER ITS REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIALITY SHOULD
BE GRANTED PURSUANT TO 47 CFR § 0.459(b)(9).
The information concerns Hadlo’s proprietary network, related to current and planned
operations, and as such, is commercially sensitive.
If you should have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me at
your convenience.
Respectfully submitted,
By: _________________________
FosterLaw
Jason Danowsky
Texas Bar No. 24092318
jason@mfosterlaw.com
Mark Foster
Texas Bar No. 07293850
mark@mfosterlaw.com
904 West Ave., Ste. 107
Austin, TX 78701
(512) 708-8700
(512) 697-0058/fax

Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of Hadlo Technologies, LLC ) WC Docket No. 18- ________
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF HADLO TECHNOLOGIES, LLC
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Hadlo Technologies, LLC (“Hadlo”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the
Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as described below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to
provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization
may be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in
Section 52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s Rules. Hadlo hereby requests the Commission
grant it that authorization. In support of this application, Hadlo provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Hadlo Technologies, LLC
Address: 3982 Powell Rd. Suite #125
City: Powell
State: Ohio
ZIP Code: 43066
Telephone: (888) 485-9061
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: Thomas Hadden, President
Address: 3982 Powell Rd. Suite #125
City: Powell
State: Ohio
ZIP Code: 43066
Telephone: (888) 485-9061
Fax: (888) 491-4806
Email: corp@hadlotechnologies.com
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015).
1

B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Hadlo hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company hereby
also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines and
practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. Hadlo intends to
offer services immediately in Ohio and Tennessee but seeks authority to access numbering
resources throughout the United States.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Hadlo acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Hadlo hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. Hadlo is a recently-established interconnected VoIP providing
messaging and network services for businesses located in the United States. The Company was
founded by an experienced telecommunications professional and has an agreement in place with
Inteliquent, Inc., a Competitive Local Exchange Company, to serve as Hadlo’s access homing
tandem and to route traffic. Hadlo will interconnect with and broadcast Inteliquent's tandem
platforms for the purposes of managing all codes assigned to Hadlo OCNs. The agreement
demonstrating the access to this platform and capability is attached to this application as
Confidential Exhibit A.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Hadlo hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its
obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR
part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team
with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient
technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering services. Hadlo’s key
management and technical personnel are identified in attached Exhibit B. None of the identified
personnel are being or have been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or
regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
2

G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Hadlo hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988,21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Hadlo will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application and will file a correction with the Commission
and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Hadlo will also furnish accurate
regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting numbers
in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Hadlo Technologies, LLC
respectfully requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
Respectfully submitted,
By: _________________________
FosterLaw
Jason Danowsky
Texas Bar No. 24092318
jason@mfosterlaw.com
Mark Foster
Texas Bar No. 07293850
mark@mfosterlaw.com
904 West Ave., Ste. 107
Austin, TX 78701
(512) 708-8700
(512) 697-0058/fax
3

Confidential Exhibit A
Hadlo Technologies, LLC- Inteliquent Agreements
Master Services Agreement
Access Homing Tandem
International Long Distance
Domestic Local and Long Distance
Originating Access Service Schedule
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Separately Under Seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459
1

Exhibit B
Key Managerial and Technical Personnel
2

EXHIBIT 4
Management Team Profiles
Thomas H. Hadden , President and CEO
As president of Hadlo Technologies, LLC., Thomas Hadden brings more than twenty-five years’
experience in designing, developing and marketing Telecommunications, VoIP, wide-area
networking and storage management products.
Prior to starting Hadlo Technologies, LLC. Mr. Hadden serves as Chairman of the Board and
CEO for Tandem Telephone, Inc. A Georgia based CLEC, Kinloch Telephone, Inc. A Georgia
based CLEC., Anderson Telephone, Inc. a South Carolina CLEC, and Carrboro Telephone, Inc. a
North Carolina, CLEC. Mr. Hadden developed, Telecom solutions for these companies,
utilizing, VoIP, SS7, SMS/800, LNP, and a Telecommunications Billing System capable of
importing Call Detail Records from my different Telecommunication Switches, and exporting to
standards such as EMI for export to Carrier Access Billing ( “CABs”)
During the 1999 to 2002 period Mr. Hadden served as the Chief Network officer for Universal
Access “UAXS,” which went public in 2000, as symbol UAXS. During this period Universal
Access built out 12 Carrier Collocation sites and completed CLEC status in 6 States. Mr.
Hadden was responsible for All Carrier Interconnections, Collocation, Network Operations,
Network Monitoring and 24 x 7 Network Operations Center (“NOC” ).
Prior to Universal Access, Inc., Mr. Hadden was President of Vaultline, Inc. in the bay area of
California. Vaultline was one of the first un-regulated carriers to operate a OC48 SONET ring
around the entire bay area in California with what was Pacific Bell at that time.
Mr. Hadden also co-founded Synergistic Networking Solutions, Inc. in 1993, a software
developing company providing OEMs with innovative storage management software capable of
modular data storage from the desktop environment.
As manager of Intel's application-specific servers and network products, Mr. Hadden was
responsible for assessing market needs and employing strategic product
development. While with Tecmar, Inc., a data storage and communications product
manufacturer, Mr. Hadden developed a series of products, including the entire line of ProLine
tape backup systems and ProServe software.
Recognized as an expert in network disaster prevention and recovery, Mr. Hadden worked with
NASA at the Headquarters building in COCA Beach Florida on networking facilities prior to the
test bed for Pre Launch Shuttle sequencing. M. Hadden also served as technical editor for

Patrick H. Corrigan’s Backing Up NetWare Lans (M&T Books), and has had articles published
in LAN Times, LAN Technology, NetWare Technical Journal, Computer Technology Review
and Computing Canada. Additionally, he has spoken publicly at trade events such as Interop,
NetWorld, Networks Expo and PC Expo.
Terri Rose, Secretary
Ms. Rose has been involved in multiple start-up communications companies over the last 16
years, with Mr. Hadden and serves on the Board and Advisors Board for Tandem Telephone,
Kinloch Telephone, Carrboro Telephone, and Anderson Telephone.
Cathryn M. Zygadlo, E.V.P / Treasurer
Ms. Zygadlo is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations for the company. Ms.
Zygadlo is also responsible for managing a staff of project managers to complete projects while
maintaining communications with both vendors and customers. Ms. Zygadlo will be
coordinating with vendors, customers and management to ensure Hadlo Technologies, LLC.,.
services meet or exceed customer expectations while carefully managing all cost aspects. Ms.
Zygadlo will also provide support to the Sales and Accounting areas.
Prior to Hadlo Technologies, LLC., Ms. Zygadlo worked for iNetworks where she was the
Director of Operations. Ms. Zygadlo managed the staff and coordinated all reporting activities.
Ms. Zygadlo designed the internal processes for iNetworks and managed the installation of over
100 million dollars in circuits monthly while maintaining strict Government specifications.
Ms. Zygadlo was VP of Operations in charge of all provisioning, design, installation and
customer satisfaction staff at Universal Access, Inc. Ms. Zygadlo was the 7th employee for
Universal Access and helped grow the business into a multi-million dollar public company. Ms.
Zygadlo was also responsible for integration of multiple software company purchases, producing
Universal Access, Inc.’s first pricing and tariff management software.
Ms. Zygadlo has been working in Telecommunication Operations for 19 years.
❖ USN Communications – Director, Customer Support – 1994 through 1996
❖ Universal Access – VP Operations – 1996 through 2007
❖ INetworks – Director of Operations – 2007 through 2009

Mark Bown, VP Engineering
Mark Bown was one of the Chief Architects with Mr. Hadden at Vaultline in the Bay Area. Mr.
Bown also serves as a network consultant to Tandem Telephone Inc. where he helps design,
maintain the current fiber network and switching equipment and has continued through the years
to expand on his expertise and currently is a CCNE (Cisco Certified Network Engineer ) and will
continue to work with the new CLEC on design and deployment of its network infrastructure
primarily used in the VoIP edge to customers. He will also be involved with Ms. Zygadlo and
Thomas Hadden in the continued expansion of the SS7 network to targeted Tandems for
interconnection to ILECs and IXCs.
UFA Director Technical Analyst /Network Development 2007 -2008
Designed and implemented the IT infrastructure for the new 5 story UFA head office. Working with
◼
architects, construction crews, and Telco's to provide direction. Creating a completely fault tolerant
network, and changing the internal infrastructure
Designed and implemented all the IT infrastructure for over 20 retail stores and gas stations
◼
Redesigned the Red Deer UFA Farm store, converting from a single store to a four building campus
◼
Implemented a complete Nortel VoIP telephone system replacing the older analog systems. Creating
◼
a two core system and tied Red Deer's location into the system
Acquired /22 from ARIN in order to establish UFA as their own ISP never having to change IPs
◼
again
Redesigned UFA's internal network, segmenting essential network elements and creating a secure
◼
environment
Cleaned up 7 major security holes, establishing a clean network with VPN access
◼
Created a template system for new builds giving UFA IT standards for network and building structure
◼
Converted the static routing structure to a EIGRP and BGP setup
◼
Migrated over 60 56k frame relay connection to ADSL with minimal down time
◼
Created a mobile networking package that allowed UFA to utilize EVDO in order to act as an
◼
emergency network connection as well as to provide connection to sites that would not meet UFA
required install date by the local Telco
MTS Allstream Sr. Network Consultant 2006-2007
Evaluated and redesigned over 40 Customer LAN/WAN
◼
Sr. Fault isolation specialist for Allstream's Cisco Clients
◼
Installed and maintained many cross country connection from Canada to USA
◼
Installed Cisco ASAs, Cisco NAC, and other security appliances
◼
GDC/Layer One Networking Consultant 2004-2006
Acquired 7 /20, 2 /19 IP blocks, established 12 Organization IDs, from ARIN for GDC
◼

Created 6 major networks with intricate BGP routing policies over multiple ISPs
◼
Documented and analyzed 27 networks, correcting and improving each design
◼
Managed routing policy for 14 independent networks with a total of 31 ISP’s
◼
Restructured over 20 network routing systems
◼
Optigate Networks Director of Engineering 2000–2004
Acquired 2 /18, 3 /19, and 5 /20 IP blocks from ARIN for Optigate and its customers
◼
Directed and coordinated all internet connectivity for InterOpt Show in Las Vegas for 2003 and 2004
◼
Developed a voice TDM and IP Department for International VOIP wholesale
◼
Established peering with over 135 peers to reduce our transit cost by 50%
◼
Acquired the routing appliances to streamline routing through our lower cost transit providers
◼
Acted as lead Engineer for the Wireless Department
◼
Held training classes for technicians on everything from cabling to BGP
◼
Helped develop the Abuse Department for spam complaints
◼
Developed a network routing structure for internal routes with the Optigate Atominus System Using
◼
BGP4 and OSPF as the catalyst
Started the deployment of Cisco routers around the nation and established BGP4 routing policies to
◼
be used with other Atominus Systems Nationally
Identified many BGP4 Routing problems on the network and reduced traffic to a provider that was
◼
incorrectly billing the company for transit
Created networking and system standards for the company in the form of White papers and
◼
procedures
Implemented a monitoring system via MRTG, Nagios, and Big Brother
◼
Network documentation and development for internal and customers use
◼
Co-Designed and oversaw construction of the First A-Class data facility in Jakarta, Indonesia
◼
Globix Corp. Sr. Network Engineer 1999–2000
Backbone network fault isolation, specializing in ATM and BGP
◼
Implemented the solution to provide DS1, fractional DS1, and frame relay from all of our worldwide
◼
locations via ATM(BPX,IGX)
Wrote the instructional documentation to support installation and maintenance of all ATM circuits
◼
Reduced our cost on all Cisco equipment by 4 points, establishing a strong relationship between us
◼
and a new Cisco reseller
Network documentation and development for internal use and customers
◼

Digital Island Inc. Network Engineer
1998–1999
Project Coordination of customer installation, and International Data Center build-outs
◼
Customer and peer BGP turn up and route a maintenance
◼
Data Center build-out, overseeing rack and room layout, cable installation, carrier facility installation,
◼
as well as dealing with local contractors and unions
Helped design and implement new data facility in the Docklands of London, England
◼
Network product research and acquisition, and supplier relations
◼
Writing network documentation and instructional teaching aids on procedures as well as hardware
◼
installation
Vaultline Inc. Chief Development Engineer 1997–1998
In charge of maintaining levels of standards for all OC carrier connections pertaining to our Stratacom
◼
BPX ATM switch and Cisco routers
Acquired a /16 from ARIN and maintained all IP records
◼