PUBLIC VERSION
Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of Carolina Digital Phone Inc. )
) WC Docket No. 20 - ______
For Authorization to Obtaining Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) )
of the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF CAROLINA DIGITAL PHONE INC.
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Carolina Digital Phone Inc. (“Carolina Digital” or “Company”), pursuant to Section
52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission's Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering as
described below.
Under the Commission’s Numbering Order,1 an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
​
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may be obtained
upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section 52.15
(g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s Rules. Carolina Digital hereby requests the Commission to grant it
that authorization. In support of this application, Carolina Digital provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Carolina Digital Phone Inc.
Address: 301 S. Elm Street, Suite 601
Greensboro, NC 27401
Telephone: (336) 544-4000
Website: https://carolinadigitalphone.com/
1 Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, et al., WC Docket No. 13-97, et al., Report and
Order, FCC 15-70 (rel. June 22, 2015) (2015 Numbering Order).

PUBLIC VERSION
Contact For Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: Nicky Smith, President
Address: 301 S Elm Street, Suite 601
Greensboro, NC 27401
Telephone: (336) 544-4000 Extension 105
Facsimile: (336) 450-1081
E-mail: nicky.smith@carolinadigitalphone.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Carolina Digital hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company hereby also
acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with the industry guidelines and practices
regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The numbering resources that are the
subject of this Application will be used to provide interconnected VoIP services initially in North
Carolina, however the Company anticipates that it will provide interconnected VoIP service nationwide,
and accordingly, will request numbers from other states in turn after its initial request in North Carolina.
Accordingly, to the extent required, Carolina Digital requests the Commission grant it authority to obtain
numbering resources in all states.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Carolina Digital acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Carolina Digital hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the
numbering resources activation date. Carolina Digital has an agreement in place with a nationally
recognized carrier partner, which has interconnection agreements in effect with all relevant incumbent
local exchange carriers, in order to route traffic. A copy of this agreement is attached as Exhibit A to this
​
application. Carolina Digital respectfully requests this agreement be accorded confidential treatment,
pursuant to § 0.459 of the Commission’s rules.2 In addition, the Company has developed an integrated
back office support system with the ability to schedule and process LNP orders from customers, and has
2 47 C.F.R. § 0.459. The agreement contains trade secret information that is not publicly available, the
disclosure of which would cause economic harm to Carolina Digital Phone.

PUBLIC VERSION
staff experienced in handling Local Number Portability between itself and other carriers and
interconnected VoIP providers.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Carolina Digital hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local Number
Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to
3
pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team with substantial
managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient technical expertise and
infrastructure in place to provide reliable service. Carolina Digital’s key management and technical
personnel are listed below, and more information concerning the managerial and team is included in
Exhibit B. None of the identified personnel are being or have been investigated by the Commission or
​
any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Carolina Digital hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
3 Carolina Digital Phone’s 499 Filer ID is 829591

PUBLIC VERSION
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Carolina Digital will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application, and will file a correction with the Commission and each
applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Carolina Digital will also furnish accurate regulatory and
numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Carolina Digital Phone Inc.
respectfully requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
Respectfully submitted,
CAROLINA DIGITAL PHONE INC.
Nicky Smith
301 S Elm Street, Suite 601
Greensboro, NC 27401
Telephone: (336) 544-4000 Ext 105
E-mail: nicky.smith@carolinadigitalphone.com
Date: September 25, 2020

PUBLIC VERSION
Exhibit A
Interconnection Agreements
AGREEMENT BETWEEN CAROLINA DIGITAL PHONE INC
AND
CARRIER PARTNER
Filed Confidentially under seal
Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459

PUBLIC VERSION
Exhibit B
Managerial Information
Carolina Digital’s key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the
identified personnel are being or have been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or
regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
NICKY SMITH
Nicky Smith is the President of Carolina Digital Phone Inc. Well-known within the technology and
telecommunications industries, Smith has more than 30 years of experience in a wide range of
technologies including computer programming, database architecture and design, consulting sales of
technology services, engineering, network administration, data center implementation, router
configuration for large scale BGP networks, and a range of Internet based applications. In the early 1990s
Smith was a pioneer in building a large statewide dialup internet access network that was utilized by
thousands of commercial businesses, government agencies and school systems. In early 2000 Smith grew
a startup website design and hosting company later to grow into the Interconnected VoIP business he
oversees today. Being a nature leader Smith built from a startup a fully geo-redundant cloud-based
telephone company with three data centers and 100% uptime for mission critical government agencies,
enterprise customers and school districts many with complex call center applications.
RANDY WILLIAMS
Randy Williams is the General Manager and Director of Operations of Carolina Digital Phone Inc. Randy
​
has been a veteran in the telecom industry for almost 38 years. He started in 1982 as the
Telecommunications Manager for a large regional insurance company where he handled troubles as well
as add, move, change request for phones, Audix voice mail, ACD groups and Programmed AT&T system
85, completed x-connects for telephone set installations. In 1997 he was recruited by a CLEC where for
17 years he worked as Project Coordinator for the first seven years before being promoted to Manage a
team of Project Coordinator’s.
SAMANTHA BUGGE
Samantha Bugge is the Project and Porting Director at Carolina Digital Phone Inc. Samantha has been in
the telecommunications industry for 5 years. She started her career with Inteliquent as an LNP Specialist
working on porting numbers for customers. She worked on large projects porting thousands of numbers at
a time. She was also in charge of training new employees and creating training content. Samantha
obtained new numbers from the Number Administration when customers requested supplies outside of
Inteliquent’s number inventory. Currently Samantha works with new customers turning up their numbers
porting from other carriers. She provides excellent customer service. Samantha is a sales liaison and
makes sure new projects move smoothly through the porting process.

PUBLIC VERSION
Declaration
Nicky Smith, under penalty of perjury deposes and states as followers:
1. My name is Nicky Smith. I am President and CEO of Carolina Digital Phone Inc.
2. I have reviewed the information set forth in the Company’s Application to Obtain Numbering
Resources to which this declaration is attached.
3. The statements set forth in Carolina Digital’s Application are true and correct to the best of my
knowledge, information and belief.
________________________________
Nicky Smith, President & CEO
Carolina Digital Phone Inc.
Dated: September 25, 2020