Before the
Federal Communications Commission
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
ROTN USA, Inc. ) XX Docket No. XX-
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF UNION TELEPHONE COMPANY FOR AUTHORIZATION
TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
ROTN USA, Inc. ("ROTN"), pursuant to Section 52.I5(g)(3)(i) of the Commission's
rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering resources as described below.
As set forth inthe Commission's Numbering Order', an interconnected VolP provider
may obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service inthe area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such
authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information
detailed in Sections 52.I5(g)(3)(i)(A)-(F) of the Commission's Rules.
ROTN is a subsidiary of renowned Dutch provider of hosted VOIP and mobile telecom
services to B2B customers. ROTN provides hosted VolP / hosted PBX for companies that want
an easy-to-use solution with a lot of options, along with SMS and other platform solutions.
Through this application ROTN seeks to expand its services to the United States with access to
numbering resources. In support of this application, ROTN provides the following information.
1 Numbering Policiesfor Modern Communications etal., Report and Order, 30 FCC Red. 6839 (2015).

I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION S2.1S(g)(3)(i)
(A) §S2.1S(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: RGTN USA, Inc.
Address: 244 Fifth Avenue, Suite L220, New York, N.Y. 10001
Telephone: (888) 977-7486
Qualified Personnel: Leonardus Herps
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911, and Law Enforcement:
Name: Leonardus Herps
Address: 244 Fifth Avenue, Suite L220, New York, N.Y. 10001
Telephone: (888) 977-7486
Email: I.herps@rgtn.com
(B) §S2.1S(g)(3)(i)(B)
RGTN hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states.
RGTN hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
(C) §S2.1S(g)(3)(i)(C)
2

RGTN hereby acknowledges that is must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
(D) §52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
RGTN hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date.
RGTN seeks to expand its VoIP services to the United States. RGTN plans to begin
placing numbers into service almost immediately and, inany event, within sixty (60) days of the
numbering resources activation date. As further proof of its facilities readiness, RGTN isan
establish IP-communications provider in The Netherlands offering wholesale and retail
interconnected communications services to global enterprises. RGTN also provides mobile
virtual network enabler (MVNE) and SMS routing services to global enterprise customers. And,
our RGTN subsidiary offers services to 911-emergency services call centers of several larger
areas inThe Netherlands.
(E) §52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
RGTN hereby certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H; its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR §64.604(c)(5)(iii); itsNorth American Numbering Plan and Local
Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32 its
obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154; and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR
part 9.
(F) §52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
RGTN hereby certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
3

provide reliable service. We reiterate that RGTN is an IP-communications provider inThe
Netherlands offering wholesale and retail interconnected communications services to global
enterprises. RGTN is led by a strong, experienced management team with substantial managerial
experience inthe telecommunications industry and has sufficient technical expertise and existing
infrastructure inplace to provide reliable numbering and related VoIP services.
RGTN has the superior technical qualifications necessary to provide and maintain
successful operations within its existing service area. RGTN has the capabilities to efficiently
port and place numbers into service and successfully route calls.
RGTN's key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of the
identified personnel isbeing or has been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement
or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
Key Personnel:
Leonardus Herps: Mr. Herps is RGTN's Chief Executive Officer, where he has been
leading the development of the company's short- and long-term strategy for the past fourteen
years. Prior to serving as CEO, Mr. Herps served as the Chief Technology Officer for several
innovative IP-based communications solutions providers. Mr. Herps holds a degree in
international private law from Maastricht University.
(G) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
RGTN hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. §862.
4

II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION S2.1S(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52. 15(g)(3)(iv), RGTN will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application and will file a correction with the Commission
and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. RGTN will also furnish accurate
regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting
numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission's Rules, RGTN respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
RGTN USA, Inc.
244 Fifth Avenue, Suite L220
New York, N.Y. 10001
(888) 977-7486
l.herps@rgtn.com
5