November 1, 2017
Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
Via ECFS Filing
RE: Advanced Telecom Solutions, LLC Application for Authorization to Obtain
Number Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Advanced Telecom
Solutions, LLC hereby submits its application requesting authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
For any questions regarding this application please contact Roman Shpount at (240) 847-
0500.
Respectfully Submitted,
________________________
Roman Shpount
Advanced Telecom Solutions, LLC
Telephone: (240) 847-0500
Email: rshpount@turbobridge.com
Advanced Telecom Solutions, LLC Tel: +1 (240) 847-0500
4905 Del Ray Avenue, Suite 300 https://advtelsolutions.com
Bethesda, MD 20814

Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
Advanced Telecom Solutions, LLC ) WC Docket No. _____________
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF ADVANCED TELECOM SOLUTIONS, LLC FOR
AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Advanced Telecom Solutions, LLC (“ATS”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the
Federal Communications Commission’s (“Commission’s”) Rules, respectfully requests
authorization to obtain numbering resources as described below.
As set forth in the Commission’s Numbering Order1, an interconnected VoIP provider
may obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such
authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information
detailed in Sections 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)-(F) of the Commission’s Rules. ATS hereby requests the
Commission grant it that authorization. In support of this application, ATS provides the
following information:
1 WC Docket No. 13-97, et al. (FCC 15-70), Report and Order, rel. June 22, 2015.
Page 1

I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
(A) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Advanced Telecom Solutions, LLC
Address: 4905 Del Ray Avenue Suite 300, Bethesda, MD 20814
Telephone: (240) 847-0500
Personnel qualified to address regulatory/compliance/911 issues: Roman Shpount
(B) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
ATS hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to: compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules; numbering authority delegated to the states; and industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering as applicable to telecommunications
carriers.
(C) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
ATS hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
(D) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
ATS hereby provides its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. ATS has entered an agreement with Inteliquent Inc.
(Inteliquent). Under this agreement Inteliquent will provide ATS with Local Connect
Services which will allow ATS to use Inteliquent’s interconnection trunks to exchange
traffic with incumbent local exchange carriers. Furthermore, Inteliquent provisioned a
Page 2

trunk group for ATS Local Connect Service. As proof of its readiness, ATS has attached
as Exhibit A to this application a Facilities Readiness confirmation document showing
that ATS has established and activated a Local Connect Service trunk group with
Inteliquent, as well as relevant pages from an interconnection agreement between
Inteliquent and an incumbent local exchange carrier as Exhibit B.
(E) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
ATS hereby certifies that it will comply with applicable: Universal Service Fund
Contribution obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H; Telecommunications Relay
Service contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii); North American
Numbering Plan and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations
under 47 CFR §§ 52.17, 52.32; regulatory fee obligations under 47 CFR § 1.1154; and
911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
(F) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
ATS hereby certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. It is financially stable, is led by a strong, experienced team of
individuals with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry,
and has sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable
services. The ATS Key Personnel listed below have more than 50 years of combined
experience in the telecommunications industry and have designed, built and maintained
multiple telecommunications services. ATS key management and technical personnel
worked for AOL, MCI, Broadsoft and other telecommunications companies. ATS
personnel is currently operating a conferencing platform under TurboBridge trade name
which services over 200 million minutes of service per month and is being resold to
Page 3

established VoIP carriers such as Vonage and Phone.com. None of the ATS key
management and technical personnel listed below are being or have been investigated by
the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with
any law, rule or order.
Key Personnel:
Roman Shpount specializes in development of mission critical, high performance
communications software, such as VoIP call control agents and media servers. He has
over 20 years work experience developing robust IVR, call center, PBX, Unified
Messaging, Conferencing, and other communications applications. For the past 8
years he has served as Chief Technical Officer (“CTO”) for TurboBridge, where he
managed technology development, carrier relations, and daily technical operations.
He has previously served as a CTO for Telurix LLC, a VoIP consulting company, and
as a Vice President of Software Development at aTelo, Inc., a unified
communications company.
Eugene Vereta has over 16 years of experience in the communications industry with
a focus on carrier-grade VoIP solutions that include Call Center, Conferencing, PBX,
Messaging & other systems. For the past 8 years he has managed operations and
software development of a global audio conferencing platform hosted in multiple
datacenters around the globe. He has previously served as a Chief Operating Officer
for Telurix LLC, a VoIP consulting company, and as a Chief Product Engineer at
aTelo, Inc., a unified communications company.
Paul Erickson is an experienced marketing strategy professional. For the past 8 years
he has managed service strategy, marketing and customer support for TurboBridge.
He has previously served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairmen of SunRocket, a
VoIP communications company, and as a Group Executive, Strategic Development at
MCI.
Joyce Dorris is an experienced sales & marketing professional. For the past 6 years
she was responsible for marketing and customer support for TurboBridge. Previously
she has served as a Chief Marketing Officer in SunRocket, a VoIP communications
company, and as a Group Executive, Consumer Markets at MCI.
Chris Koehncke is an experienced business development professional with a focus
on voice/video/collaboration and contextual communications with leading next
generation providers. He has served as a Senior Director of Business Development,
APAC for Tokbox, a leader in real time communications and WebRTC; as a Director
of Business Development, APAC at GENBAND, a global leader in real time
communications; and as a Director of Business Development, Europe at BroadSoft, a
provider of hosted communications software to service providers.
Page 4

Huan Le is a business development professional who specializes in communications
services. He has served as a Chief Strategy Officer for Giant Media, President of
aTelo, Inc., a unified communications company, and as a Manager of Corporate
Development at AOL.
(G) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
ATS hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), ATS will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application, and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. ATS will also
furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission
when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commissions’ Rules, ATS respectfully requests
the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully Submitted,
________________________
Roman Shpount
Advanced Telecom Solutions, LLC
Telephone: (240) 847-0500
Email: rshpount@turbobridge.com
November 1, 2017
Page 5

LIST OF EXHIBITS
Exhibit A: Facilities Readiness Confirmation
Exhibit B: Interconnection Agreement between Inteliquent (f/k/a Neutral Tandem)
and CenturyLink QC (f/k/a Qwest Corp.)
Exhibit C: State(s) in which ATS may request telephone numbers for its initial rollout

EXHIBIT A

To whom it may concern:
This notification is provided to validate that the following trunk group(s) have been
completed, activated and are in service for Advanced Telecom Solutions.
Service type: Local Connect
Inteliquent customer: Advanced Telecom Solutions
Date of activation: 10/26/17
Order No Service Type TSC Trunk Group Name
1509140 Local Connect IP005090 PHLAPAFGATS_760
Thank you,
John Nickey
John Nickey
Dir Product Development, Inteliquent
o: XXXXXXXXXX m: XXXXXXXXXX 24‐hr NOC: XXXXXXXXXX
550 West Adams Street, Suite 900, Chicago, IL 60661
www.inteliquent.com e: XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
inteliquent. 550 West Adams Street. Suite 900. Chicago, IL 60661. 855.404.4768. inteliquent.com

EXHIBIT B

INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTERCONNECTION,
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS, ANCILLARY SERVICES,
AND RESALE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
BETWEEN
Qwest Corporation
AND
Neutral Tandem, Inc.
For the State ofWashington
April 21,2010
Agreement Number
CDS-100422-0002

Section 1
General Terms
Section 1.0 - GENERAL TERIIS
1. 1 This Agreement for Interconnection, Unbundled Network Elements, ancillary
services, and resale of Telecommunications Services is between Neutral Tandem, Inc. (CLEC),
a Delaware corporation with offices at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois 60606
and Qwest Corporation (Qwest), a Colorado corporation with offices at 1801 California Street,
Denver, Colorado 80202, pursuant to Section 252(f) ofthe Telecommunications Act of 1996,for
purposes offulfilling Qwest's obligations under Sections 222, 251(a), (b), and (c),252, and other
relevant provisions ofthe Act and the rules and regulations promulgated there under.
1.2 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.3 This Agreement sets forth the terms, conditions and pricing under which Qwest
will provide to CLEC network Interconnection, access to Unbundled Network Elements, ancillary
services, and Telecommunications Services available for resale within the geographical areas in
which Qwest is providing local Exchange Service at that time, and for which Qwest is the
incumbent Local Exchange Carrier within the State of Washington, for purposes of providing
local Telecommunications Services.
Intentionally Left Blank.
1.5 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.6 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.7 Intentionally Left Blank.
1.8 With respect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, Qwest has
negotiated the Agreement in its entirety, and the inclusion of any particular provision, or rate,
term and condition, is not evidence of the reasonableness thereof when considered apart from
all other provisions ofthe Agreement.
April 21,2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/WA/Agreement Number CDS-100422-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010

Section 5
Terms and Conditions
5.1.3.4 It is the responsibility of either Party to inform its End User Customers of
service impacting impairment that may result in discontinuance ofservice as soon as the
Party receives notice ofsame.
5.1.4 Each Party is solely responsible for the services it provides to its End User
Customers and to other Telecommunications Carriers. This provision is not intended to limit the
liability ofeither Party for its failure to perform under this Agreement.
5.1.5 The Parties shall work cooperatively to minimize fraud associated with third-
number billed calls, calling card calls, and any other services related to this Agreement.
5.1.6 Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either Party from seeking to recover the
costs and expenses, if any, it may incur in (a) complying with and implementing its obligations
under this Agreement, the Act, and the rules, regulations and orders of the FCC and the
Commission, and (b) the development, modification, technical installation and maintenance of
any systems or other infrastructure which it requires to comply with and to continue complying
with its responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Qwest shall not assess any charges against CLEC for services, facilities, Unbundled Network
Elements, ancillary services and other related work or services covered by this Agreement,
unless the charges are expressly provided for in this Agreement. All services and capabilities
currently provided hereunder (including resold Telecommunications Services, Unbundled
Network Elements, UNE Combinations and ancillary services) and all new and additional
services or Unbundled Network Elements to be provided hereunder, shall be priced in
accordance with all applicable provisions of the Act and the rules and orders of the Federal
Communications Commission and orders ofthe Commission.
5.2 Term ofAgreement
5.2.1 This Agreement shall become effective on the date of Commission Approval.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties for a term of three (3)years and shall expire
on July 21, 2013.
5.2.2 Upon expiration of the term of this Agreement, this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect until superseded by a successor agreement in accordance with this Section
5.2.2. Any Party may request negotiation of a successor agreement by written notice to the
other Party no earlier than one hundred sixty (160) Days prior to the expiration of the term, or
the Agreement shall renew on a month to month basis. The date of this notice will be the
starting point for the negotiation window under Section 252 of the Act. This Agreement will
terminate on the date a successor agreement is approved by the Commission. However,
nothing relieves CLEC from fulfilling the obligations incurred under the prior Agreement.
5.3 Proof ofAuthorization
5.3. 1 Each Party shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining Proof of
Authorization (POA) as required by applicable federal and state law, as amended from time to
time.
5.3.2 The Parties shall make POAs available to each other upon request in the event
of an allegation of an unauthorized change in accordance with all Applicable Laws and rules
and shall be subject to any penalties contained therein.
April 21,2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/WA/Agreement Number CDS-100422-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010 29

Section 22
Signature Page
Section 22.0 - SIGNATURE PAGE
By signing below, and in consideration ofthe mutual promises set forth herein, and other good
and valuable consideration, the Parties agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in
this Interconnection Agreement.
Neutral Tandem, inc.
signature
Signature
David Tatak L.T. Christensen
Name Printed/Typed Name Printed/Typed
VP — Billin 8 Revenue Service Director — Wholesale Contracts
Title
Date
April 21,2010/cac/Neutral Tandem/WA/Agreement Number CDS-100422-0002
Qwest Fourteen State Negotiations Template, February 8, 2010 311

EXHIBIT C

EXHIBIT C
Advanced Telecom Solutions, LLC (“ATS”) initially intends to request numbers in Washington.
As ATS expands, it will request numbers in additional states, but has no definitive plans about
additional states at this time.
ATS will file 30-day notices with the state public utility commissions before requesting numbers
from the numbering administrator.