J.G. Harrington Via Hand Delivery
+1 202 776 2818
jgharrington@cooley.com
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
November 5, 2020
Marlene H. Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street, SW
Washington, DC 20554
RE: In the Matter of Midco Voice, LLC
Application for Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules
WC Docket No. 20-___
Request for Confidential Treatment Under the FCC’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch:
On behalf of Midco Voice, LLC (“Midco Voice”), attached please find an unredacted version of
Midco Voice’s application for authorization to obtain numbering resources (the “Application”).1
A redacted version of the Application was filed under separate cover. Pursuant to
Sections 0.457(d) and 0.459 of the Commission’s rules, Midco Voice hereby requests that the
Commission withhold from public inspection, and accord confidential treatment to, the
information marked as confidential in the Application.
The Application include sensitive commercial information regarding the operations of Midco
Voice and the terms and conditions of its agreement with its competitive local exchange carrier
partner for the provision of interconnection services used by Midco Voice to transmit voice calls
to and from the public switched telephone network. Such information falls squarely within
Section 0.457(d) of the Commission’s rules, as well as Exemption 4 of the Freedom of
Information Act (“FOIA”),2 and thus should not routinely be made available for public
1 Consistent with the Commission’s instructions, the Application is being filed without a docket
number.
2 See 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4).
Cooley LLP 1299 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 700 Washington, DC 20004-2400
t: (202) 842-7800 f: (202) 842-7899 cooley.com

REDACTED FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
Federal Communications Commission
November 5, 2020
Page 2
inspection. Exemption 4 of FOIA provides that the statute’s public disclosure requirement “does
not apply to matters that are (4) trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained
from a person and privileged or confidential.”3 The enclosed information should be afforded
confidentiality under Exemption 4 because it is sensitive commercial information that is material
to Midco Voice’s business. Such material customarily would not be released to the public by
Midco Voice, and its release would cause substantial harm to Midco Voice’s competitive
position.
While Midco Voice believes that the confidential nature of the commercial information included
in the Application automatically qualifies this submission as the type of record not routinely
available for public inspection under Section 0.457(d) of the FCC’s rules, Midco Voice out of an
abundance of caution also alternatively requests that this material be withheld from public
inspection pursuant to Section 0.459, although by the terms of that rule, such a request should be
“unnecessary.” Midco Voice seeks confidential treatment for the enclosed commercially
sensitive information. This information is being provided to the Commission only, and Midco
Voice has taken great care to prevent its unauthorized disclosure to unaffiliated third parties and
it has not previously been provided to the Commission or any other regulator. None of the
confidential information included in the Application currently is available to the public, and the
information is not disclosed to third parties in the ordinary course of business.
Please inform me if you have any questions about this matter.
Very truly yours,
J.G. Harrington
Counsel to Midco Voice, LLC
Enclosure
3 Id. The Commission’s rules mirror this language. See 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d).
Cooley LLP 1299 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 700 Washington, DC 20004-2400
t: (202) 842-7800 f: (202) 842-7899 cooley.com

REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE
Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
Midco Voice, LLC. ) WC Docket No. 20-____
)
Application for Authorization to Obtain )
Numbering Resources Pursuant to )
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's )
Rules )
APPLICATION OF MIDCO VOICE, INC. FOR
AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Midco Voice, Inc. (“Midco Voice”) pursuant to Section 52. l5(g)(3)(i) of the
Commission's Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering resources as
described below.
Under the Commission's VoIP Numbering Order, an interconnected VoIP provider
will be authorized to obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator after
showing that it is authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering
resources are requested.1 The Commission will grant authorization if an applicant
provides the information required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission's
Rules. Midco Voice hereby requests the Commission grant it authorization to obtain
numbering resources.
1
Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, Report and Order, 30 FCC Rcd 6839 (2015) (the “VoIP
Numbering Order”).

- 2 -
In support of its application, Midco Voice provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Midco Voice, LLC.
Address: 3901 N. Louise Avenue
Sioux Falls, SD 57106
Telephone: 605-271-0594
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Name: Nancy Vogel
Address: Midco Voice, LLC
3901 N. Louise Avenue
Sioux Falls, SD 57106
Telephone: 605-357-5485
Facsimile: 605-330-4083
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Midco Voice hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources
under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules and to any numbering authority delegated to the states. Midco
Voice hereby also acknowledges that grant of the authorization sought by this application is
subject to compliance with industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as
applicable to telecommunications carriers.
Midco Voice initially plans to use numbering resources to provide interconnected
VoIP services in South Dakota. However, Midco Voice anticipates that it will provide VoIP
services in other states as well, and will request numbers in those states after it initiates
service in South Dakota. Accordingly, Midco Voice requests authority to obtain numbering
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

- 3 -
resources in all states.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Midco Voice acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant
state commissions at least (30) days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrator.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Midco Voice will be capable of providing service within (60) days of the numbering
resources activation date in accordance with Commission Rule Section
52.15(g)(2).2
Midco
Voice intends to initially provide VoIP services in South Dakota under an agreement with a
CLEC partner to route Midco Voice’s traffic to and from the PSTN. A copy of this
agreement is attached as Exhibit A to this Application. Midco Voice respectfully requests this
agreement be according confidential treatment, pursuant to §0.459 of the Commission's rules. 3
As described in the agreement, the CLEC partner will host Midco Voice's numbers on its
switches and provide connectivity to the PSTN for inbound calls to Midco Voice numbers.
The CLEC partner already has interconnection arrangements in South Dakota. Exhibit B is
an example of a current interconnection agreement between Midco Voice’s carrier partner
and an incumbent local exchange carrier (“ILEC”).
Midco Voice will serve both residential and business customers. Its service will offer
features comparable to or better than those offered by its competitors in South Dakota and
will be capable of serving customers of all sizes. Midco Voice will be operated by a team
with decades of experience in providing local telephone service, and will have access to the
2 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(2).
3 The agreement is being filed under the Commission’s confidentiality rules because it contains trade secret
information and disclosure of that information would cause economic harm to Midco Voice. See 47 C.F.R. § 0.459.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

- 4 -
expertise of its parent company, Midcontinent Communications. Consequently, Midco Voice
has the managerial and technical expertise to provide services within the 60-day period
mandated by the rules.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Midco Voice certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering
Plan and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR
§§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its
911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
Midco Voice certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise
to provide reliable service. As a subsidiary of Midcontinent Communications, which has
been providing telecommunications services for decades, and which is the leading CLEC
in the Dakotas, it has an experienced management team with substantial experience in
the telecommunications industry, sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in place
to provide reliable services, and is financially stable. Midco Voice's key management and
technical personnel are listed below.
Chief Technology Officer: Jon Pederson
Mr. Pederson has been with Midco 35 years and was responsible for deploying
the first cable modem system in the Upper Midwest.
SVP & Gen Counsel: Patrick J Mastel
Mr. Mastel has been in the telecommunications industry for 21 years and has
worked with the telephone regulatory environment for that entire time.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

- 5 -
Director of Regulatory Finance: Nancy Vogel
Ms. Vogel has been with Midco for 34 years and was instrumental in integrating
the voice product into Midco’s product offerings.
Director of Voice & Mobility: Patrick Miller
Mr. Miller is a proven leader with a degree in Electrical Engineering and over 20
years of telecommunications and IT experience working in both a traditional
TDM-based and Converged IP network environments. He has extensive
background in voice services in switch routing, traffic management, Hosted VoIP
solutions, TDM delivery, and SIP services.
None of these individuals is being or has been investigated by the Commission or any law
enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Midco Voice certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21
U.S.C. § 862. See Exhibit C.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Midco Voice will maintain the accuracy
of all contact information and certifications in this Application and will file any changes
with the Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Midco
Voice also will provide each the state commission in each state where it provides service
with accurate regulatory and numbering contact information when requesting numbers in
that state.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

- 6 -
III. CONCLUSION
Midco Voice respectfully requests the Commission grant this Application for
authorization to obtain numbering resources directly from the Numbering Administrators.
Respectfully submitted,
MIDCO VOICE, LLC
By:_______________________
J.G. Harrington
Its Attorney
Cooley LLP
1299 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Suite 700
Washington, DC 20004
202-776-2818
jgharrington@cooley.com
November 5, 2020
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Exhibit A
Agreement with Partner CLEC
[Exhibit redacted in its entirety]
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Exhibit B
Partner CLEC Interconnection Agreement
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

7
319 South Coteau Street
P.O. Box 280
RiterRogers Pierre, SD 57501
Phone; 605-224-5825
Law Office
Fax: 605-224-7102
March 16, 2016 www. riterlaw. corn
Pat Mastel
Corporate Counsel
Midcontinent Communications
3901 N. Louise Ave.
Sioux Falls, SD 57107
Re: TC 16-004 Interconnection Agreement between Venture
and Midcontinent
Dear Pat:
Please find enclosed herewith the Interconnection Agreement between Venture and
Midcontinent, with original signature page. As you are aware, the case has been docketed and
initial comments are due March 29, 2016. Hopefully the approval will proceed smoothly.
Sincerely yours,
RITER, ROGERS, WATTIER &
NORTHRUP, LLP
By: I^U fa^U^^'^f^
Darla Pollman Rogers
DPR-wb
Enclosure
Robert C. Riter, Jr Dark Pollman Rogers Jerry L. Wattier
Margo D. Northrup Lindsey Riter-Rapp Robert D. Hofer, Of Counsel
Riter, Rogers, Watder & Northrup, LLP
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
VENTURE COMMUNICATIONS COOPERATIVE
AND
Midcontinent Communications
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Purpose
2. Term of the Agreement
3. Termination of the Agreement
4. Contact Exchange
5. Amendments
6. Assignment
7. Authority
8. INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
9. Billing and Payment
10. Compliance with Laws and Regulations
11. Confidential Information
12. Fraud
13. Dispute Resolution
14. Entire Agreement
15. Expenses
16. Force Majeure
17. Good Faith Performance
18. Governing Law
19. Headings
20. Independent Contractor Relationship
21. Law Enforcement Interface
22. Liability and Indemnity
23. Joint Work Product
24. Multiple Counterparts
25. No Third Party Beneficiaries
26. Notices
27. Impairment of Service
28. Change in Law
29. Regulatory Approval
30. Taxes and Fees
31. Trademarks and Trade Names
32. Non-Waiver
33. Bankruptcy
11
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
GLOSSARY
ATTACHMENTS:
• Interconnection Attachment
• Local Number Portability Attachment
• Ancillary Services Attachment
• Preordering, Ordering, Maintenance and Repair Attachment
• Pricing Attachment
• Exhibit 1
Ill
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT
THIS AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is effective upon approval by the Commission (the
"Effective Date"), and is entered into by and between Midcontinent Communications ("CLEC")
with offices at 3901 North Louise Avenue, Sioux Falls, SD 57107 and Venture Communications
Cooperative ("ILEC") with offices at 218 Commercial Ave., SE, P.O. Box 157, Highmore, SD
57345. This Agreement may refer to either Venture or Midcontinent or both as a "Party" or
"Parties."
WHEREAS, ILEC is an Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier, as defined in Section 25 l(h)
of the Act (47 U.S.C. § 251(h)), authorized to provide Telecommunications Services in the State
of South Dakota and
WHEREAS, CLEC is a competitive local exchange telecommunications company
authorized to provide Telecommunications Services in the Bowdle, Roslyn, Selby, Java and
Roscoe exchanges in the State of South Dakota; and
WHEREAS, CLEC represents to ILEC that it is a common carrier under the Act and,
acting as a common carrier, has requested interconnection with designated facilities ofILEC; and
WHEREAS, the Parties agree to interconnect their facilities and exchange
telecommunications traffic specifically as defined herein; and
WHEREAS, the Parties agree that capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this
Agreement shall be assigned the meanings given to such term(s) by the Glossary, attached hereto
and incorporated herein for all purposes.
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, ILEC
and CLEC agree as follows:
1. Purpose
1.1 The Parties agree that the rates, terms and conditions contained within this
Agreement, including all Attachments, are reasonable.
1.2 ILEC has no obligation to establish interconnection service arrangements to
enable CLEC to exchange solely non-telecommunications traffic or to act in any
capacity other than as a common carrier. CLEC agrees that it is requesting and
will use this arrangement for the purpose of exchanging telecommunications
traffic and that any exchange of non-telecommunications traffic including
Information Service traffic or VoIP will be incidental to the Parties' exchange of
telecommunications traffic. Any traffic outside the definition of Local/EAS shall
be treated as toll traffic.
1.3 CLEC agrees that it is requesting and will use this arrangement for the sole
purpose of exchanging Local/EAS Traffic and that any exchange of toll traffic
will be subject to the appropriate terms and conditions of each Party s access
tariffs.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
2. Term of the Agreement
2.1 This Agreement will commence upon approval by the Commission and has an
initial term of three (3) years.
2.2 The Parties agree that no earlier than one hundred eighty (180) days and no later
than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of this Agreement,
either Party will have the right to request the negotiation of a subsequent
agreement. Such requests for renegotiation must be in the form of a written
notice to the other Party ("Renegotiation Request"). If a Party requests the
negotiation of a subsequent agreement and the Parties are unable to negotiate a
subsequent agreement within one hundred thirty-five (135) days after receipt of
the Renegotiation Request, either Party may petition the Commission to establish
appropriate terms, conditions and prices for the subsequent agreement pursuant to
Section 252 of the Act (47 U.S.C. § 252). During the pendency of any
proceedings initiated by a Party under Section 252 of the Act and until the
Commission issues its decision approving the subsequent agreement resulting
from such proceedings, the Parties will continue to provide services to each other
pursuant to this Agreement.
2.3 If no Party requests renegotiation, but services continue to be provided beyond the
expiration date of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be deemed extended on a
month-to-month basis. Upon conversion to a month-to-month term, either Party
may terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other
Party if traffic will no longer be exchanged; provided, however, that this
Agreement cannot be terminated prior to ninety (90) days after the original
expiration date.
2.4 In the event that services are provided on a month-to-month basis beyond the term
of this Agreement, the rates, at ILEC's option, may be increased to the rates
provided by ILEC's then current Tariffs, price sheets, price catalog or
interconnection agreements. ILEC shall continue to offer all services to CLEC
previously available under this Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions
herein provided.
2.5 If the Agreement has not been implemented one year after the Effective Date or if
the Parties cease the exchange of traffic then either Party may terminate this
Agreement upon sixty (60) days written notice to the other Party. In addition,
ILEC reserves the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice
from or verification by the CLEC that it has ceased offering Local Exchange
Service in the Venture exchanges of Bowdle, Roslyn, Selby, Java and Roscoe. In
addition to notice or verification from CLEC, ILEC may utilize any publicly
available information in concluding that CLEC is no longer providing local
telecommunications in the Venture exchanges of Bowdle, Roslyn, Selby, Java and
Roscoe or that CLEC's authority to provide local telecommunications in the
Venture exchanges of Bowdle, Roslyn, Selby, Java and Roscoe has been revoked
or terminated, and immediately terminate this Agreement.
3. Termination of the Agreement
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
3.1 Termination for Default Not Cured Within Thirty (3 0) Days
Either Party may terminate this Agreement in whole or in part in the event of a
default by the other Party; provided however, that the non-defaulting Party
notifies the defaulting Party in writing of the alleged default and that the
defaulting Party does not cure the alleged default within thirty (30) calendar days
of receipt of written notice thereof. Default means any one or more of the
following:
3.1.1 A Party's refusal or failure in any material respect to perform its
obligations under this Agreement, or the violation of any of the material
terms or conditions of this Agreement; or
3.1.2 A Party's assignment of any right, obligation, or duty, in whole or in part,
or of any interest, under this Agreement without any consent required
under Section 6 of this Attachment.
3.1.3 CLEC is adjudicated to not be a Telecommunications Carrier under the
Act.
3.1.4 CLEC is adjudicated to not be a common carrier by the Commission or a
court of competent jurisdiction
3.2 Termination for Insolvency or Bankruptcy
3.2.1 This Agreement is immediately terminated upon a Party becoming
insolvent or upon the initiation of a voluntary bankruptcy proceeding.
3.2.2 In the event that an involuntary bankruptcy or receivership proceeding is
initiated against a Party, this Agreement shall terminate unless such
proceeding is set aside within thirty (30) days.
3.3 Liability Upon Termination
Termination of this Agreement, or any part hereof, for any cause shall not release
either Party from any liability which at the time of termination had already
accrued to the other Party, or which thereafter accrues in any respect to any act or
omission occurring prior to the termination or from an obligation which is
expressly stated in this Agreement to survive termination.
Contact Exchange
The Parties agree that each will be sole contact to the other Party for all services provided
under this Agreement. The Parties agree that there is no obligation to respond to requests
from third parties for information or services offered under this Agreement. The Parties
agree to exchange and to update contact and referral numbers for order inquiry, trouble
reporting, billing inquiries, and information required to comply with law enforcement and
other security agencies of the government.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
5. Amendments
Any amendment, modification, or supplement to this Agreement must be in writing and
signed by an authorized representative of each Party. The term "this Agreement" shall
include future amendments, modifications, and supplements.
6. Assignment
This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties and shall continue to be binding upon
such entities regardless of any subsequent change in their ownership. All obligations and
duties of any Party under this Agreement shall be binding on all successors in interest and
assigns of such Party. Each Party covenants that, if it sells or otherwise transfers its
facilities used to provide services under this Agreement to a third party, unless the non-
transferring Party reasonably determines that the legal structure of the transfer vitiates
any such need, the transferring Party will require, as a condition of such transfer, that the
transferee agree to be bound by all terms of this Agreement with respect to services
provided over the transferred facilities pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. If any
sale or transfer of CLEC or facilities used to provide services under this Agreement is to
an entity that is not a CLEC authorized to provide local service in the Venture exchanges
of Bowdle, Roslyn, Selby, Java and Roscoe, this Agreement is terminated. Except as
provided in this paragraph, neither Party may assign or transfer (whether by operation of
law or otherwise) this Agreement (or any rights or obligations hereuader) to a third party
without the prior written consent of the other Party which consent will not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any Party asked to consent to an assignment shall be
expressly permitted to require (i) proof of financial strength of the proposed assignee
reasonably necessary to support the obligations of this Agreement being assumed or (ii)
investigation of prior complaints filed against or adjudicated against the proposed
assignee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may assign this Agreement to a
wholly owned corporate Affiliate by providing prior written notice to the other Party of
such assignment or transfer and provided that the assigning entity agrees to remain
personally liable to the other Party for all obligations assigned by it. The effectiveness of
an assignment shall be conditioned upon the assignee's written assumption of the rights,
obligations, and duties of the assigning Party. Any attempted assignment or transfer that
is not permitted is void ab initio. No assignment or delegation hereof shall relieve the
assignor of its obligations under this Agreement in the event that the assignee fails to
perform such obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this
Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their
respective successors, successors in interest and assigns.
7. Authority
Each person whose signature appears on this Agreement represents and warrants that he
or she has authority to bind the Party on whose behalf he or she has executed this
Agreement. Each Party represents that he or she has had the opportunity to consult with
legal counsel of his or her choosing,
8. INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
9. Billing and Payment
9.1 In consideration of the services and facilities provided under this Agreement, each
Party shall bill the other Party on a monthly basis all applicable charges set forth
in this Agreement or, if not set forth herein, in their respective applicable tariff(s).
The Party billed ("Billed Party") shall pay to the invoicing Party ("Billing Party")
all undisputed amounts within thirty (30) days from the bill date. If the payment
due date is a Saturday, Sunday, or a designated bank holiday, payment shall be
made by the prior business day. Neither Party shall back bill the other Party for
services provided under this Agreement that are more than two (2) years old or
that predate this Agreement. If a Party fails to bill for a service within two (2)
years of when it was rendered, then that Party waives its rights to bill for that
service, absent fraud or willful misconduct by the Billed Party.
9.2 Billing Disputes Related to Unpaid Amounts
9.2.1 If any portion of an amount invoiced to a Billed Party under this
Agreement is subject to a bona fide dispute between the Parties, the Billed
Party may withhold payment of the disputed amount and notify the Billing
Party it is withholding a disputed amount and the amount it is disputing
("Disputed Amount") within thirty (30) days of its receipt of the invoice
containing such Disputed Amount. A bona fide dispute requires the Billed
Party to provide the specific details and reasons for disputing each item.
The Billed Party shall pay when due all undisputed amounts on the invoice
to the Billing Party. The Parties will work together in good faith to
resolve issues relating to the disputed amounts. If the dispute is resolved
such that payment is required, the Billed Party shall pay the disputed
amounts with interest at the highest rate of interest that may be charged
under South Dakota's applicable law. In addition, the Billing Party may
suspend terminating traffic for the Billed Party if Disputed Amounts
resolved to be due to the Billing Party are not paid within thirty (30) days
after they are determined to be due. If the dispute is resolved such that
payment is not required, the Billing Party will reflect the change for the
Disputed Amounts on its next invoice following the date of resolution of
the dispute.
9.3 Except for Disputed Amounts pursuant to Section 9.2 herein, the following shall
apply:
9.3.1 Any undisputed amounts not paid when due shall accrue interest from the
date such amounts were due at the highest rate of interest that may be
charged under South Dakota's applicable law.
9.3.2 If payment of undisputed amounts is not received thirty (30) days from the
bill date, the Billing Party may provide written notice to the Billed Party
that additional applications for service will be refused, and that any
pending orders for service will not be completed until payment is made. If
the Billing Party does not immediately refuse additional applications for
service as specified in the notice, and the Billed Party's noncompliance
continues, nothing contained herein shall preclude the Billing Party's right
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
to thereafter refuse additional applications for service without further
notice.
9.3.3 If, following the notice under Section 9.3.2, the Billed Party fails to pay all
amounts due within thirty (30) days, the Billing Party may thereafter, on
thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Billed Party (the
"Discontinuance Notice"), discontinue the provision of existing services to
the Billed Party. Notice shall be as provided in Section 26 below. In the
event services are discontinued, all billed charges, as well as applicable
termination charges, if any, shall become due. If the Billing Party does
not discontinue the provision of service on the date specified in the
Discontinuance Notice, and the Billed Party's noncompliance continues,
nothing contained herein shall preclude the Billing Party's right to
thereafter discontinue the provision of service to the Billed Party without
further notice.
9.3.4 If payment is not received within ninety (90) days after the
Discontinuance Notice given under Section 9.3.3, the Billing Party may
terminate this Agreement.
9.3.5 After disconnect procedures have begun, the Billing Party shall not accept
any service orders from the Billed Party until all unpaid charges are paid
in full and such funds are available to the Billing Party.
9.4 Billing Disputes of Paid Amounts
If any portion of an amo'.-mt paid to a Billing Party under this Agreement is
thereafter subject to a bona fide dispute by the Billed Party ("Disputed Paid
Amount"), the Billed Party may provide written notice to the Billing Party of the
Disputed Paid Amount, and seek a refund of such amount, at any time prior to the
date that is two (2) years after the receipt of a bill containing the Disputed Paid
Amount ("Notice Period"). If the Billed Party fails to provide written notice of a
Disputed Paid Amount within the Notice Period, the Billed Party waives its rights
to dispute its obligations to pay such amount, and to seek refund of such amount,
absent fraud or willful misconduct by the Billing Party. If it is determined that the
Billed Party is entitled to a refund of all or part of the Disputed Paid Amount, the
Billing party will, within sixty (60) days after such determination, refund such
amount, together with interest from the date written notice of the Disputed Paid
Amount was given at the interest rate set forth in Section 9.2.1 hereof.
9.5 Issues related to Disputed Amounts and Disputed Paid Amounts not resolved by
the Parties shall be resolved in accordance with all of the applicable procedures
identified in the Dispute Resolution provisions set forth in Section 13 of this
Agreement.
9.6 Audits
9.6.1 Subject to each Party's reasonable security requirements and except as
may be otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, either Party
may audit the other Party's relevant books, records and other documents
pertaining to services provided under this Agreement once in each
Contract Year and/or following termination of the Agreement to evaluate
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
the accuracy of the other Party's billing, data and invoicing, including
usage data, source data, and other information and documents in
accordance with this Agreement. The relevant books, records and other
documents include, but are not limited to, usage data, source data, traffic
reports and associated data (including such traffic reports and associated
data from Retail Providers) and other information and documents in
accordance with this Agreement. Such audit will take place at a time and
place agreed on by the Parties no later than sixty (60) days after notice
thereof.
9.6.2 Any audit shall be performed as follows: (i) following at least thirty (30)
days prior written notice to the audited Party; (ii) subject to the reasonable
scheduling requirements and limitations of the audited Party and at single
location designated by the audited party; (iii) at the auditing Party's sole
cost and expense; (iv) of a reasonable scope and duration; (v) in a manner
so as not to interfere with the audited Party's business operations; and (vi)
in compliance with the audited Party's security rules. The review will
consist of an examination and verification of data involving usage data,
records, systems, procedures -and other information related to the traffic
delivered or services performed by either Party as related to settlement
charges or payments made in connection with this Agreement as
determined by either Party to be reasonably required. Each Party shall
maintain reasonable records for a minimum of twenty-four (24) months
and provide the other Party with reasonable access to such information as
is necessary to determine amounts receivable or payable under this
Agreement. Such records shall include usage records for the traffic
delivered by the Party to the Other Party.
9.6.3 Each Party will cooperate fully in any such audit, providing reasonable
access to any and all appropriate employees, subcontractors and other
agents and books, records and other documents reasonably necessary to
assess the accuracy of the Party's billings, data and invoices
10. Compliance with Laws and Regulations
Each Party shall comply with all federal, state, and local statutes, regulations, rules,
ordinances, judicial decisions, and administrative rulings applicable to its performance
under this Agreement.
11. Confidential Information
11.1 Any information such as specifications, drawings, sketches, business information,
forecasts, models, samples, data, computer programs and other software, and
documentation of one Party (a "Disclosing Party") that is furnished or made
available or otherwise disclosed to the other Party or any of its employees (except
marketing and sales staff who shall not be provided such access), contractors, or
agents (its "Representatives" and with a Party, a "Receiving Party") pursuant to
this Agreement ("Proprietary Information") shall be deemed the property of the
Disclosing Party. Proprietary Information, if written, shall be clearly and
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
conspicuously marked "Confidential" or "Proprietary" or other similar notice,
and, if oral or visual, shall be confirmed in writing as confidential by the
Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party upon disclosure. Unless Proprietary
Information was previously known by the Receiving Party free of any obligation
to keep it confidential, or has been or is subsequently made public by an act not
attributable to the Receiving Party, or is explicitly agreed in writing not to be
regarded as confidential, such information: (i) shall be held in confidence by each
Receiving Party; (ii) shall be disclosed to only those persons who have a need for
it in connection with the provision of services required to fulfill this Agreement
and shall be used by those persons only for such purposes; and (iii) may be used
for other purposes only upon such terms and conditions as may be mutually
agreed to in advance of such use in writing by the Parties. Notwithstanding the
foregoing sentence, a Receiving Party shall be entitled to disclose or provide
Proprietary Information as required by any governmental authority or applicable
law, upon advice of counsel, only in accordance with Section 11.2 of this
Agreement. Nothing herein shall prohibit or restrict a Receiving Party from
providing Proprietary Information in response to a request of the FCC or a state
regulatory agency with jurisdiction over this matter, or to support a request for
arbitration, or in connection with Dispute Resolution, provided that the Disclosing
Party is first given the opportunity to seek appropriate relief under the provisions
of Section 11.2.
11.2 If any Receiving Party is required by any governmental authority, or by
Applicable Law, to disclose any Proprietary Information, or believes it is
necessary to disclose Proprietary Information pursuant to Section 11.1 above, then
such Receiving Party shall provide the Disclosing Party with written notice of
such requirement as soon as possible and prior to such disclosure. The Disclosing
Party may then seek appropriate protective relief from all or part of such
requirement. The Receiving Party may disclose the Proprietary Information
within the time required by the governmental authority or Applicable Law,
provided that the Disclosing Party has been provided with written notice under
this section 11.2 and protective relief has not been obtained by the Disclosing
Party.
11.3 In the event of the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason
whatsoever, each Party shall return to the other Party or destroy all Proprietary
Information and other documents, work papers and other material (including all
copies thereof) obtained from the other Party in connection with this Agreement
and shall use all reasonable efforts, including instructing its employees and others
who have had access to such information, to keep confidential and not to use any
such information, unless such information is now, or is hereafter disclosed,
through no act, omission or fault of such Party, in any manner making it available
to the general public.
12. Fraud
Neither Party shall bear responsibility for, nor be required to make adjustments to the
other Party's account, in cases of fraud by the other Party's End User Customers or on
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
the other Party's End User Customer accounts. The Parties agree to reasonably cooperate
with each other to detect, investigate, and prevent fraud and to reasonably cooperate with
law enforcement investigations concerning fraudulent use of the other Party's services or
network. The Parties' fraud minimization procedures are to be cost effective and
implemented so as not to unduly burden or harm one Party as compared to the other.
13. Dispute Resolution
The Parties desire to resolve disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement without,
to the extent possible, litigation, Accordingly, except for action seeking a temporary
restraining order or an injunction, or suit to compel compliance with this dispute
resolution process, the Parties agree to use the following dispute resolution procedures
with respect to any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its
breach.
13.1 Informal Resolution of Disputes
At the written request of a Party, each Party will appoint a knowledgeable,
responsible representative, empowered to resolve such dispute, to meet and
negotiate in good faith to resolve any dispute arising out of or relating to this
Agreement. The location, format, frequency, duration, and conclusion of these
discussions shall be left to the discretion of the representatives. Upon agreement,
the representatives may utilize other alternative dispute resolution procedures
such as mediation to assist in the negotiations. Discussions and correspondence
among the representatives for purposes of these negotiations shall be treated as
Proprietary Information developed for purposes of settlement, exempt from
discovery, and shall not be admissible in the arbitration described below or in any
lawsuit without the concurrence of all Parties.
13.2 Formal Dispute Resolution
If negotiations fail to produce an agreeable resolution within ninety (90) days,
then either Party may proceed with any remedy available to it pursuant to law,
equity or agency mechanisms; provided, that upon mutual agreement of the
Parties, such disputes may also be submitted to binding arbitration. In the case of
an arbitration, each Party shall bear its own costs. The Parties shall equally split
the fees of any mutually agreed upon arbitrator but shall otherwise pay their own
expenses associated with the arbitration.
13.3 Continuous Service
The Parties shall continue providing existing services to each other during the
pendency of any dispute resolution procedure (except as otherwise provided in
this Agreement), and the Parties shall continue to perform their payment
obligations including making payments in accordance with this Agreement,
14. Entire Agreement
This Agreement, together with all exhibits, addenda, schedules and attachments hereto,
constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties pertaining to the subject matter of this
Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, proposals, and
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
representations, whether written or oral, and all contemporaneous oral agreements,
negotiations, proposals, and representations concerning such subject matter. No
representations, understandings, agreements, or warranties, expressed or implied have
been made or relied upon in the making of this Agreement other than those specifically
set forth herein. In the event there is a conflict between any term of this Agreement, the
provisions shall be construed to give the greatest possible effect to the intent of this
Agreement.
15. Expenses
Except as specifically set out in this Agreement, each Party shall be solely responsible for
its own expenses involved in all activities related to the subject of this Agreement.
16. Force Majeure
Neither Party shall be liable for any delay or failure in performance of any part of this
Agreement from any cause beyond its control and without its fault or negligence
including, without limitation, acts of nature, acts of civil or military authority,
government regulations, embargoes, epidemics, terrorist acts, riots, insurrections, fires,
explosions, earthquakes, nuclear accidents, floods, equipment failure, power blackouts,
volcanic action, other major environmental disturbances, unusually severe weather
conditions, inability to secure products or services of other persons or transportation
facilities or acts or omissions of transportation carriers (collectively, a "Force Majeure
Event"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties have expressly agreed that the acts
of any Retail Provider contracting, directly or indirectly, with CLEC for use of the
services provided under this Agreement shall be deemed to be within CLEC's control and
shall not be a Force Majeure Event. If any Force Majeure Event occurs, the Party
delayed or unable to perform shall give immediate notice to the other Party and shall take
all reasonable steps to correct the condition resulting from the Force Majeure Event.
During the pendency of the Force Majeure Event, the duties of the Parties under this
Agreement affected by the Force Majeure Event shall be abated and shall resume
immediately without liability thereafter.
17. Good Faith Performance
In the performance of their obligations, the Parties shall act in good faith under this
Agreement. In situations in which notice, consent, approval, or similar action by a Party
is permitted or required by any provision of this Agreement, such action shall not be
conditional, unreasonably withheld, or delayed.
18. Governing Law and Venue
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the State of South Dakota without regard to its conflict of laws principles and,
when applicable, in accordance with the requirements of the Act and the FCC's
implementing regulations. Any legal proceedings shall be brought in the state or federal
courts as appropriate in the state of South Dakota.
19. Headings
The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and
shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement.
10
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
20. Independent Contractor Relationship
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, neither this Agreement, nor any
actions taken by CLEC or ILEC in compliance with this Agreement, shall be deemed to
create an agency or joint venture relationship between CLEC and ILEC, or any
relationship other than that ofco-carriers. Neither this Agreement, nor any actions taken
by CLEC or ILEC in compliance with this Agreement, shall create a contractual, agency,
or any other type of relationship or third party liability between either Party and the other
Party's End User Customers or other third parties.
21. Law Enforcement Interface
21.1 With respect to requests for call content interception or call information
interception directed at CLEC's End User Customers, ILEC will have no direct
involvement in law enforcement interface. In the event a Party receives a law
enforcement surveillance request for an End User Customer of the other Party, the
Party initially contacted shall direct the agency to the other Party.
21.2 Notwithstanding 21.1, the Parties agree to work jointly, as necessary, in security
matters to support law enforcement agency requirements for call content
interception or call information interception.
22. Liability and Indemnity
22.1 DISCLAIMER
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS
AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES TO THE OTHER PARTY CONCERNING THE SPECIFIC
QUALITY OF ANY SERVICES OR FACILITIES IT PROVIDES UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF
DEALING, OR FROM USAGES OF TRADE.
22.2 Indemnification
22.2.1 Each Party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify and hold harmless
the other Party ("Indemnified Party") from and against claims for loss,
cost, liability, damage, and expense (including reasonable attorney's fees)
("Claims") by customers of the Indemnifying Party and other third
persons, for:
(1) damage to tangible personal property or for personal injury
proximately caused by the negligence, willful misconduct or intentional
acts or omissions of the Indemnifying Party or its employees, agents,
contractors or End User Customers; and
(2) libel, slander, infringement of copyright, or invasion of privacy arising
from the content of communications transmitted over the Indemnified
11
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
Party's facilities by the Indemnifying Party or its employees, agents,
contractors or End User Customers.
A Party's indemnification obligations hereunder shall not be applicable to any
Claims to the extent caused by, arising out of or in connection with the gross
negligence, willful misconduct or intentional acts or omissions of the Indemnified
Party.
22.2.2 In addition to the indemnities in Section 22.2.1 above, CLEC shall
indemnify and hold harmless ILEC from and against claims for loss, cost,
liability, damage, and expense (including reasonable attorney's fees)
("Claims") caused to ILEC by any third party using CLEC to deliver
traffic to or receive traffic from ILEC's facilities, including claims
resulting from rate arbitrage, phantom traffic, toll fraud or failure to
provide valid, accurate and complete CPN on all traffic subject to this
Agreement so that ILEC is compensated in full for such exchanged traffic
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. ILEC will notify CLEC
of information it has received or discovered which appear to trigger this
indemnity obligation and provide back-up to support its concerns. CLEC
will have thirty (30) days to respond to such concerns, and, to the extent
such claims are shown to be valid, shall reimburse ILEC promptly for all
loss incurred by ILEC. In addition, CLEC shall take immediate steps to
prevent future problems from the offending third party(s) to the extent
they can be identified.
22.2.3 The Indemnified Party will notify the Indemnifying Party promptly in
writing of any Claims for which the Indemnified Party alleges that the
Indemnifying Party is responsible under this Section, and, the
Indemnifying Party will promptly assume the defense of such Claim.
(1) In the event the Indemnifying Party does not promptly assume or
diligently pursue the defense of the tendered action, then the
Indemnified Party, after no less than ten (10) days prior notice to the
Indemnifying Party, may proceed to defend or settle said Claim and the
Indemnifying Party shall hold harmless the Indemnified Party from any
loss, cost liability, damage and expense of such defense or settlement.
(2) The Indemnifying Party shall consult with the Indemnified Party
prior to undertaking any compromise or settlement of any Claim(s), and
the Indemnified party will have the right, at its sole option and
discretion, to refuse any such compromise or settlement that (in the
indemnified Party's sole reasonable opinion) might prejudice the rights
of the Indemnified Party, and, at the Indemnified Party's sole cost and
expense, to take over the defense, compromise or settlement of such
Claim(s); provided, however, that in such event, the Indemnifying Party
will neither be responsible for, nor will it be further obligated to
12
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
indemnify the Indemnifying Party from or against, any Claims in excess
of the amount of the refused compromise or settlement.
(3) The Parties will cooperate in every reasonable manner with the
defense or settlement of any claim, demand, or lawsuit.
22.3 Limitation of Liability.
22.3.1 Except for a Party's indemnification obligations under Section 22.2, no
liability shall attach to either Party, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates,
agents, servants, employees, officers, directors, or partners for damages
arising from errors, mistakes, omissions, interruptions, or delays in the
course of establishing, furnishing, rearranging, moving, terminating,
changing, or providing or failing to provide services or facilities
(including the obtaining or furnishing of information with respect thereof
or with respect to users of the services or facilities) in the absence of gross
negligence or willful misconduct.
22.3.2 Except for a Party's indemnification obligations under Section 22.2, no
Party shall be liable to the other Party for any loss, defect or equipment
failure caused by the conduct or actions of the other Party, its agents,
servants, contractors or others acting in aid or concert with that Party,
except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct.
22.3.3 Except for a Party's indemnification obligations under Section 22.2, in no
event shall either Party have any liability whatsoever to the other
Party for any indirect, special, consequential, incidental or punitive
damages, including, but not limited to, loss of anticipated profits or
anticipated revenues or other economic loss in connection with or
arising from anything said, omitted or done hereunder (collectively,
"Consequential Damages"), even if the other Party has been advised
of the possibility of such damages.
22.4 Intellectual Property
Neither Party shall have any obligation to defend, indemnify or hold harmless, or
acquire any license or right for the benefit of, or owe any other obligation or have
any liability to, the other based on or arising from any claim, demand, or
proceeding by any third person alleging or asserting that the use of any circuit,
apparatus, or system, or the use of any software, or the performance of any
service or method, or the provision or use of any facilities by either Party under
this Agreement constitutes direct or contributory infringement, or misuse or
misappropriation of any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or any other
proprietary or intellectual property right of any third party, except that CLEC will
indemnify and hold harmless ILEC with respect to any switch configurations or
methods performed on ILEC's switches by ILEC for CLEC at the instruction of
CLEC.
13
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
23. Joint Work Product
This Agreement is the joint work product of the Parties, has been negotiated by the
Parties, and shall be fairly interpreted in accordance with its terms. In the event of any
ambiguities, no inferences shall be drawn against either Party.
24. Multiple Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same document.
25. No Third Party Beneficiaries
This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and nothing herein expressed or
implied shall create or be construed to create any third-party beneficiary rights hereunder,
Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a Party as a legal representative or agent of the
other Party; nor shall a Party have the right or authority to assume, create or incur any
liability or any obligation of any kind, expressed or implied, against, in the name of, or on
behalf of the other Party, unless otherwise expressly permitted by such other Party.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no Party undertakes to
perform any obligation of the other Party, whether regulatory or contractual, or to assume
any responsibility for the management of the other Party's business.
26. Notices
All notices to be given by one Party to the other Party under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be: (i) delivered personally; (ii) delivered by express delivery service; or
(iii) mailed, postage prepaid, certified mail, return receipt to the following addresses of
the Parties (iv) by email:
14
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
To:CLEC To: ILEC
Midcontinent Communications Randy Houdek, General Manager
Attn. Nancy Vogel Venture Communications Cooperative
3901 N Louise Ave. 218 Commercial Ave., SE
Sioux Falls, SD 57107 P.O. Box 157
nancyvo gel^mmi .net Highmore, SD 57345
notices@mmi .net Randy H@venture .coop
and
Darla Pollman Rogers
Riter, Rogers, Wattier, & Northrup, LLP
319 South Coteau Street
P.O. Box 280
Pierre,SD 57501
dprogers(%riterlaw.com
or to such other address as either Party shall designate by proper notice. Notices will be
deemed effectively given as of the earlier of: (i) the date of actual receipt; (ii) the next
business day when notice is sent via overnight express mail, email, or by personal
delivery; or (iii) five (5) days after mailing in the case of certified U.S. mail.
27. Impairment of Service
The characteristics and methods of operation of any circuits, facilities or equipment of
either Party connected with the services, facilities or equipment of the other Party
pursuant to this Agreement shall not materially interfere with or materially impair service
over any facilities of such other Party, its affiliated companies, or its connecting and
concurring carriers involved in its services, cause damage to its plant, violate any
applicable law or regulation regarding the invasion of privacy of any communications
carried over a Party's facilities or create hazards to the employees of either Party or to the
public.
If there is an impairment of service, the provisions in the Interconnection Attachment,
section 7.5 shall apply.
28. Change in Law
28.1 The Parties enter into this Agreement without prejudice to any positions they have
taken previously, or may take in the future in any legislative, regulatory, judicial
or other public forum addressing any matters, including matters related
specifically to this Agreement, or other types of arrangements prescribed in this
Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall remain binding on the
Parties.
15
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
28.2 The Parties acknowledge that the respective rights and obligations of each Party
as set forth in this Agreement are based on the Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder by the FCC and the Commission as of the Effective Date
("Applicable Rules"). In the event of any (i) final, effective, unstayed,
amendment to the Act, (ii) any effective legislative action that is not stayed or
overturned, (iii) any effective, final, non-appealable regulatory or judicial order,
rule, or regulation, (iv) a final non-appealable dispute resolution under this
Agreement, or (v) any other final, effective, non-appealable legal action
purporting to apply the provisions of the Act to the Parties or in which the FCC
or the Commission makes a generic determination that is generally applicable to
the pricing, terms and conditions of this Agreement, any of which revises,
modifies or reverses the Applicable Rules (individually and collectively,
"Amended Rules"), then either Party may, to the extent permitted or required by
the Amended Rules, by providing written notice to the other Party, require that
the provisions of this Agreement that are revised, modified or reversed by the
Amended Rules be renegotiated in good faith and this Agreement shall be
amended accordingly to reflect the pricing, terms and conditions renegotiated by
the Parties to reflect each such Amended Rule.
29. Regulatory Approval
The Parties understand and agree that this Agreement will be filed with the Commission.
Each Party covenants and agrees to fully support approval of this Agreement by the
Commission. In the event the Commission rejects this Agreement in whole or in part, the
Parties agree to meet and negotiate in good faith to arrive at a mutually-acceptable
modification of the rejected portion(s).
30. Taxes and Fees
Each Party purchasing services hereunder shall pay or otherwise be responsible for all
federal, state, or local sales, use, excise, gross receipts, transaction or similar taxes, fees
or surcharges levied against or upon such purchasing Party (or the providing Party when
such providing Party is permitted to pass along to the purchasing Party such taxes, fees or
surcharges), except for any tax on either Party's corporate existence, status or income.
Whenever possible, these amounts shall be billed as a separate item on the invoice. To
the extent a sale is claimed to be exempt from taxes, the purchasing Party shall furnish
the providing Party a proper resale or other tax exemption certificate as authorized or
required by statute or regulation by the jurisdiction providing said resale or other tax
exemption. Failure to provide the tax exemption certificate will result in no exemption
being available to the purchasing Party until it is provided.
31. Trademarks and Trade Names
No patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary right (the "Marks") is licensed,
granted, or otherwise transferred by this Agreement. Each Party is strictly prohibited
from any use of the other Party's Marks, including, but not limited to, in sales, in
marketing or in advertising of telecommunications services. The Marks include those
Marks owned directly by a Party or its Affiliate(s) and those Marks that a Party has a
legal and valid license to use. The Parties acknowledge that they are separate and distinct
16
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions
and that each provides a separate and distinct service and agree that neither Party may,
expressly or impliedly, state, advertise or market that it is or offers the same service as
the other Party or engage in any other activity that may result in a likelihood of confusion
between its own service and the service of the other Party.
32. Non-Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist on the performance of any term or condition of this
Agreement or to exercise any right or privilege hereunder shall not be construed as a
continuing or future waiver of such term, condition, right or privilege.
33. Bankruptcy
If any voluntary or involuntary petition or similar pleading under any Section or Sections
of any bankruptcy act shall be filed by or against a Party, or any voluntary or involuntary
proceeding in any court or tribunal shall be instituted to declare the Party insolvent or
unable to pay the Party's debts, or the Party makes an assignment for the benefit of its
creditors, or a trustee or receiver is appointed for the Party or for the major part of the
Party's property, the other Party may, if that Party so elects but not otherwise, and with or
without notice of such election or other action by that Party, forthwith terminate this
Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement the day and
year written below.
ILEC . CLEC.
By: /V^4^-^^^
e: Name: /1^L^ ^^
7^
Title: ^,^f/^^ Title: h>€c^-^/€i^/^ /^^
Date: €^/^/^ Date: ^& 7^
17
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions-Glossary
GLOSSARY
1. General Rule
Special meanings are given to common words in the telecommunications industry, and
coined words and acronyms are common in the custom and usage in the industry. Words
used in this Agreement are to be understood according to the custom and usage of the
telecommunications industry, as an exception to the general rule of contract interpretation
that words are to be understood in their ordinary and popular sense. In addition to this
rule of interpretation, the following terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings
as specified below.
2. Definitions
2.1 ACCESS SERVICE REQUEST (ASR).
A form, which contains data elements and usage rules used by the Parties to add,
establish, change or disconnect services or trunks for the purposes of
interconnection.
2.2 ACT.
The Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. §151 et. seq.), as from time to time
amended (including, without limitation by the Telecommunications Act of 1996,
Public Law 104-104 of the 104th United States Congress effective February 8,
1996), as interpreted in the duly authorized and effective rules and regulations of
the FCC.
2.3 AFFILIATE.
Shall have the meaning as set forth in the Act.
2.4 APPLICABLE LAW.
All effective laws, government regulations and orders applicable to each Party's
performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
2.5 AUTOMATIC NUMBER IDENTIFICATION (ANI).
The term "ANI" (automatic number identification) refers to the delivery of the
calling party's billing number by a local exchange carrier to any interconnecting
carrier for billing or routing purposes, and to the subsequent delivery of such
number to end users.
2.6 CALLING PARTY NUMBER (CPN).
The term Calling Party Number refers to the subscriber line number or the
directory number contained in the calling party number parameter of the call set-
up message associated with an interstate call on a Signaling System 7 network.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions-Glossary
2.7 CENTRAL OFFICE.
A local switching system for connecting lines to lines, lines to trunks, or trunks to
trunks for the purpose of originating/terminating calls over the public switched
telephone network. A single Central Office may handle several Central Office
codes ("NXX"). Sometimes this term is used to refer to a telephone company
building in which switching systems and telephone equipment are installed.
2.8 CENTRAL OFFICE SWITCH.
A switch used to provide Telecommunications Services including, but not limited
to, an End Office Switch or a Tandem Switch. A Central Office Switch may also
be employed as combination End Office / Tandem Office Switch.
2,9 COMMISSION.
The South Dakota Public Utilities Commission.
2.10 COMMON CHANNEL SIGNALING (CCS).
A method of transmitting call set-up and network-control data over a digital
signaling network separate from the public switched telephone network facilities
that carries the actual voice or data content of the call.
2,11 DIGITAL SIGNAL LEVEL 1 (DS1).
The 1.544 Mbps first-level signal in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2.12 DIGITAL SIGNAL LEVEL 3 (DS3).
The 44.736 Mbps third-level signal in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2.13 DIRECT INTERCONNECTION FACILITIES.
Dedicated one-way or two-way transport facilities installed between CLEC's
switch (or its equivalent) and an ILEC End Office switch.
2.14 END OFFICE SWITCH OR END OFFICE.
End Office Switch is a switch in which End User Customer station loops are
terminated for connection to trunks. The End User Customer receives
terminating, switching, signaling, transmission, and related functions for a defined
geographic area by means of an End Office Switch.
2.15 END USER CUSTOMER.
The residence or business subscriber that is the ultimate user of
Telecommunications Services provided directly to such subscriber by either of the
Parties.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions-Glossary
2.16 END USER CUSTOMER LOCATION.
The physical location of the premises of the End User Customer, which is the
location that is listed in the ALI database.
2.17 EXCHANGE AREA.
A geographic area defined by the Commission for the provision of Telephone
Exchange Service.
2.18 FCC.
The Federal Communications Commission.
2.19 RESERVED
2.20 INFORMATION SERVICE.
The term shall be as defined in the Act. (47 U.S.C. §153(20)).
2.21 INTEREXCHANGE CARRIER (IXC).
A Telecommunications Carrier that provides, directly or indirectly, InterLATA or
IntraLATA telephone toll services.
2.22 INTERLATA TRAFFIC,
Telecommunications toll traffic that originates in one LATA and terminates in
another LATA.
2.23 INTRALATA TRAFFIC.
Telecommunications toll traffic that originates and terminates in the same LATA.
2.24 INTERNET PROTOCOL CONNECTION (IPC).
The physical location where End user information is originated or terminated
utilizing internet protocol.
2.25 JURISDICTIONAL INDICATOR PARAMETER (JIP),
JIP is a six-digit number which provides a unique identifier representing the
originating carrier. JIP is defined in the Alliance for Telecommunications
Industry Solutions Reference Document ATIS-030001 1.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions-Glossary
2.26 INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDER (ISP).
An Internet Service Provider is a company that offers its customers access to the
Internet.
2.27 LOCAL ACCESS AND TRANSPORT AREA (LATA),
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.28 LOCAL/EXTENDED AREA SERVICE (LOCAL//EAS) TRAFFIC
Local/EAS Traffic is any call, that originates from an End User Customer
physically located in one exchange and terminates to an End User Customer
physically located in either the same exchange or other mandatory local calling
area associated with the originating Customer's exchange, as defined and
specified in ILEC's local exchange tariff. As clarification of this definition,
Local/EAS Traffic does not include traffic that originates from or is directed to or
through an ISP. The local and EAS exchanges to which this Agreement applies
are those listed in Exhibit 1 to this Attachment.
2.29 LINE INFORMATION DATABASE (LIDB).
One or all, as the context may require, of the Line Information Databases owned
individually- by ILEC and other entities which provide, among other things,
calling card validation functionality for telephone line number cards issued by
ILEC and other entities. A LIDB also contains validation data for collect and
third number-billed calls; i.e. Billed Number Screening.
2.30 LOCAL EXCHANGE CARRIER (LEG).
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.31 LOCAL EXCHANGE ROUTING GUIDE (LERG).
The Telcordia Technologies reference customarily used to identify NPA/NXX
routing and homing information, as well as network element and equipment
designation.
2.32 NON-ACCESS TELECOMMUNICATION TRAFFIC
"Non-Access Telecommunications Traffic" is as defined in 47 C.F. R. §
51.701(b)(l) and (3) which currently means traffic exchanged between the
Parties, including VoIP-PSTN Traffic, except for telecommunications traffic that
is interstate or intrastate exchange access, CMRS, information access, or
exchange services for such access.
2.33 NORTH AMERICAN NUMBERING PLAN (NANP).
The system of telephone numbering employed in the United States, Canada,
Bermuda, Puerto Rico and certain Caribbean islands for wireline
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions-Glossary
telecommunications traffic. The NANP format is a 10-digit number that consists
of a 3-digit NPA Code (commonly referred to as area code), followed by a 3-digit
Central Office code and a 4-digit line number.
2.34 NUMBERING PLAN AREA (NPA).
Also sometimes referred to as an area code, is the first three-digit indicator of
each 10-digit telephone number within the NANP. Each NPA contains 800
possible NXX Codes. There are two general categories of NPA, "Geographic
NPAs" and "Non-Geographic NPAs". A Geographic NPA is associated with a
defined geographic area, and all telephone numbers bearing such NPA are
associated with services provided within that geographic area. A Non-
Geographic NPA, also known as a "Service Access Code" or "SAG Code" is
typically associated with a specialized Telecommunications Service that may be
provided across multiple geographic NPA areas. 500,700,800,888 and 900 are
examples ofNon-Geographic NPAs.
2,35 NXX, NXX CODE, CENTRAL OFFICE CODE OR CO CODE.
The three-digit switch entity indicator (i.e., the first three digits of a seven-digit
telephone number). Each NXX Code contains 10,000 station numbers.
2.36 POINT OF INTERCONNECTION (POI).
The physical location(s) mutually agreed upon and designated by the Parties for
the purpose of exchanging Local/EAS Traffic. Each Party shall be responsible for
all costs on its respective side of the POI.
2.37 RATE CENTER AREA.
A Rate Center Area is a geographic location, which has been defined by the
Commission as being associated with a particular NPA/NXX code, which has
been assigned to an ILEC for its provision of Telephone Exchange Service. Rate
Center Area is normally the same as the boundary of the ILEC Exchange Area as
defined by the Commission.
2.38 RATE CENTER.
A Rate Center is the finite geographic point identified by a specific V&H
coordinate which is used by the ILEC to measure, for billing purposes, distance-
sensitive transmission services associated with the specific rate center; provided
that a Rate Center cannot exceed the boundaries of the ILEC Exchange Area as
defined by the Commission.
2.39 RESERVED
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions-Glossary
2.40 SIGNALING SYSTEM 7 (SS7).
The common channel out-of-band signaling protocol developed by the
Consultative Committee for International Telephone and Telegraph (CCITT) and
the American National Standards Institute (ANSI). ILEC and CLEC currently
utilize this out-of-band signaling protocol.
2.41 TARIFF.
Any applicable Federal or State tariff of a Party, as amended from time to time.
2.42 TELCORDIA TECHNOLOGIES.
Formerly known as Bell Communications Research. The organization conducts
research and development projects for its owners, including development of new
Telecommunications Services. Telcordia Technologies also provides generic
requirements for the telecommunications industry for products, services and
technologies.
2.43 TELECOMMUNICATIONS CARRIER.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act.
2.44 TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICE.
SHALL HAVE THE MEANING SET FORTH IN THE ACT.
2.45 TELEPHONE EXCHANGE SERVICE.
The term "telephone exchange service" shall have the meaning set forth in 47
U.S.C. Section 153 (47) of the Act.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

General Terms and Conditions-Glossary
2.46 TOLL TRAFFIC
Toll Traffic is any call, including VoIP-PSTN Traffic that originates from an End
User Customer physically located in one exchange and terminates to an End User
Customer physically located outside the mandatory local calling area associated
with the originating End User Customer's exchange, as defined and specified in
ILEC's local exchange tariff.
2.47 VOIP-PSTN TRAFFIC.
VoIP- Public Switch Telephone Network ("PSTN) traffic is traffic exchanged
between a local exchange carrier and another telecommunications carrier in Time
Division Multiplexing (TDM) format that originates and/or terminates in IP
format. Telecommunications traffic originates and/or terminates in IP format if it
originates from and/or terminates to an end-user customer of a service that
requires Internet protocol compatible customer premises equipment.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Local Number Portability Attachment
ORDERING, PROVISIONING,
MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR ATTACHMENT
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Local Number Portability Attachment
ORDERING, PROVISIONING, MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR
1. ORDERWG
1.1.Orders shall be submitted on Venture Local Service Request forms (LSR). Midcontinent
will provide a guide, training, and access to its Porting Gateway system.
1.2.The Parties shall provision services during the regular business hours of 8:00 am and 5:00
pm central time.
1.3.The Parties agree when an End User transfers service from one Party to the other Party it
may be necessary for the Parties to coordinate the timing for disconnection from one
Party and connection with the other Party so that transferring End Users are not without
service for any extended period of time.
1.4.Each Party is responsible for obtaining a Letter of Authorization ("LOA") from each End
User initiating Migration of service from one Party to the other Party. The Party
obtaining the LOA from the End User will furnish it to the other Party upon request.
Such LOA may be a blanket LOA or other form agreed upon between the Parties which
authorizes the release of customer proprietary network information from one Party to the
other Party or, if state or federal law provides otherwise, in accordance with such law.
Transmission of the LOA will be made via facsimile or email in order to expedite order
processing
1.5.Directory Listings
Each Party shall maintain and keep current its own customer information (i.e., directory
assistance listing information, including name, address, phone number, nonlisted and
nonpublished indicators, caption information, and other information Carrier provides to
third party LECs) in currently available databases used in the provision of intercompany
operator services (e.g., local assistance, directory assistance, directory assistance call
completion, busy line verification/interrupt), and shall ensure that the other Party can
obtain access to such information. If requested, each Party shall identify for the other
Party its directory listings publisher and its directory listings publication cut-off date. It
shall be the responsibility of the Party obtaining this information from the other Party to
submit directory listings in the prescribed manner and timeframe to the publisher.
1.6.911/E911 Services
Each Party shall be responsible for establishing its interconnection from its Switch to the
emergency service 911/E911 service provider's router.
1.7.Local Number Portability (LNP)
Local Number Portability ("LNP") provides an End User of Local Exchange Traffic
with an active account the ability to retain its existing telephone number when changing
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Local Number Portability Attachment
from one local exchange telecommunications carrier to another at the same location.
The Parties recognize that some of the Local Exchange Traffic to be exchanged under
this Agreement may be destined for telephone numbers that have been ported.
1.8.The Parties shall provide LNP query, routing, and transport services in accordance with
rules and regulations as prescribed by the FCC and the guidelines set forth by the North
American Numbering Council ("NANC"). The applicable charges for LNP query,
routing, and transport services shall be billed in accordance with each Party's applicable
tariff.
1.9.Each Party shall obtain its own NPA-NXX's.
1.10. Maintenance and Repair
The Parties agree to provide 24 /7 / 365 contact numbers for the purpose of emergency I
maintenance of service. [
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Local Number Portability Attachment
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY (LNP) ATTACHMENT
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Local Number Portability Attachment
Local Number Portability
General
1.1 The Parties will provide local number portability (LNP), in accordance with FCC
orders, rules and regulations, and North American Numbering Council (NANC)
guidelines and recommendations adopted by the FCC for wireline services. The
Parties will work cooperatively to implement any additional FCC ordered
portability rules in the timeline outlined in any such order.
1.2 The Parties agree to comply with finalized FCC rules and orders and FCC
adopted North American Numbering Council (NANC) procedures and guidelines
concerning numbering and local number portability. If either Party's Operations
and Network Planning Publications conflict with the FCC's rules and orders, the
FCC's rules and orders will prevail.
1.3 Service Management System (SMS) Administration.
Each Party is responsible for establishing and maintaining the required regional
contracts with the Number Portability Administration Center (NPAC) Service
Management System (SMS).
1.4 N-l Query.
For purposes of this Agreement, the Parties agree to fulfill their N-l carrier
responsibilities and perform queries on calls to telephone numbers with portable
NXXs. Neither Party shall send un-queried calls to the other Party.
1.5 Porting of Reserved Numbers.
End User Customers of each Party may port reserved numbers, as defined in 47
C.F.R. Section 52.15(f)(l)(vi), that the End User Customer has paid to reserve,
only if there is at least one working telephone number in the group. Portable
reserved numbers are identified on the Customer Service Record (CSR).
1.6 RESERVED
2. Coordinated Cutovers.
2.1 If the customer requests the telephone number to port at a specific time on the day
of the port, it is considered a Coordinated Request (Coordinated Hot Cut). A
Coordinated Hot Cut (CHC) is not a Simple Port.
2.2 The OSP will charge the NSP for the labor required to perform the CHC including
time waiting for the NSP. If a CHC is scheduled outside normal working hours,
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Local Number Portability Attachment
overtime and premium time labor rates may apply. Labor rates are reflected in the
pricing attachment.
2.3 Neither Party is required to offer CHC; provided however, to the extent the OSP
provides CHC, the OSP will provide the NSP its procedures for a CHC when
requested by the NSP,
3. Obligations of Both Parties.
3.1 Each Party shall abide by FCC adopted NANC provisioning and implementation
processes.
3.2 Each Party shall become responsible for the End User Customer's other
telecommunications related items, e.g. E911, Directory Listings, Operator
Services, Line Information Database (LIDB), when they port the End user's
telephone number to their switch.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
INTERCONNECTION ATTACHMENT
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
1. General
1.1 This Interconnection Attachment sets forth specific terms and conditions for
network interconnection arrangements between ILEC and CLEC for the purpose
of the exchange of Local/EAS that is originated by an End User Customer of one
Party and is terminated to an End User Customer of the other Party physically
located in the same Exchange Area, where each Party directly provides Telephone
Exchange Service to the End User Customer.
1.2 This Attachment also describes the physical architecture for the interconnection of
the Parties facilities and equipment for the transmission and routing of wireline
telecommunications traffic between the respective End User Customers of the
Parties and the compensation for such facilities and traffic exchanged.
1.3 Both Parties acknowledge that toll traffic will be routed in accordance with
Telcordia Traffic Routing Administration Instructions and is not governed by this
Agreement. Traffic that is exchanged through an Interexchange Carrier (IXC) is
not covered under this Agreement. Any traffic that is not Local/ EAS will be
considered toll traffic and subject to access tariffs.
2. Responsibility for Traffic
2.1 CLEC is responsible for all traffic that CLEC delivers to ILEC including but not
limited to voice traffic, IP-Enabled Traffic, wireless traffic and toll traffic. CLEC
shall not provision any of its services in a manner that permits the circumvention
of applicable switched access charges by it or any third party. CLEC agrees to be
responsible for and pay its portion of the Interconnection Facilities and any
Access Charges associated with all toll traffic that CLEC terminates to ILEC.
CLEC is the sole responsible Party with respect to all traffic terminated by CLEC
to its End User Customers.
2.2 Traffic originating from a device other than at the End User's fixed service
location at the End User's principal service address located in ILEC's Bowdle,
Roslyn, Selby, Java or Roscoe exchange ("Nomadic Traffic") is prohibited under
this Agreement. All Nomadic Traffic delivered by a Party shall be subject to
access charges pursuant to ILEC's tariffed switched access rates.
2.3 CLEC provides Telecommunications Services under this Agreement to End User
Customers.
2.4 Each Party agrees that it is responsible for implementing the proper Signaling and
Signaling Parameters for determining the correct classification of traffic pursuant
to Section 6 of this Attachment.
2.5 The delivery of traffic that has had Signaling or Signaling Parameters stripped,
altered, modified, added, deleted, changed, and/or incorrectly assigned
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
("Misclassified Traffic") is prohibited under this Agreement. Due to the technical
nature of its origination, certain traffic that is not Misclassified Traffic may be
properly transmitted without all the Signaling and Signaling Parameters pursuant
to section 6 of this Attachment ("Unclassified Traffic").
2.6 If the percentage of total call traffic transmitted with Signaling and Signaling
Parameters in a given month falls below 95%, the Party originating such traffic
agrees to pay the terminating Party's intrastate switched access rates for all
Unclassified Traffic for the applicable month. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a
terminating Party determines that Misclassified Traffic has been delivered by the
originating Party, Section 2.8, herein below, shall apply with respect to the
delivery of such traffic.
2.7 If a terminating Party determines in good faith in any month that any traffic
delivered by the originating Party is Misclassified Traffic, the Parties agree:
2.7.1 The terminating Party will provide sufficient call detail records or other
information, including its reasoning as to why the traffic is misclassified,
as notification to the other Party. Upon receipt of such notification, the
Party originating such traffic shall investigate and identify the alleged
Misclassified Traffic;
2.7.2 In addition to the terminating Party's other rights and remedies with
respect to Misclassified Traffic, the originating Party agrees to pay the
terminating Party's intrastate access rates on all Misclassified Traffic
unless a written notice of dispute is provided by the originating Party in
accordance with 2.7.4.
2.7.3 The Party originating Misclassified Traffic agrees to take all reasonable
steps to cease all actions, and cancel or reroute any service that is
permitting the delivery ofMisclassified Traffic.
2.7.4 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Parties agree that if it
is determined that more than five percent (5%) of the total traffic delivered
by an originating Party during any consecutive three (3)-month period is
Misclassified Traffic, such Party shall be in Default of this Agreement. To
the extent that the Parties have enlisted the Dispute Resolution procedures
pursuant to section 2.7.4 of this Attachment and section 13 of the General
Terms and Conditions to determine the proper treatment of the traffic, a
Default shall not occur while such dispute is pending. Each Party shall
make a good faith effort to resolve any such pending dispute within a
reasonable time period.
2.8 Each Party shall take all reasonable steps to correct the causes ofmisrouted toll
traffic, misidentified traffic, Misclassified Traffic and Unclassified Traffic. Such
traffic shall be rerouted to toll trunk groups and properly identified. This
obligation applies during the pendency of a dispute.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
2.9 In addition to the audit provisions of Section 9.6 of the General Terms and
Conditions, or in the event of a dispute with regard to Misclassified Traffic, each
Party shall have the right to audit the other Party's records to ensure that no traffic
is misrouted, misclassified, or is otherwise in circumvention of access charges.
Both Parties shall cooperate in providing the records required to conduct such
audits. Upon request, the audited Party will cooperate in identifying the physical
location of the End User Customer originating or terminating the call. No Party
shall have the right to conduct an audit more than one time in a consecutive six-
month period.
3. Physical Connection
3.1 The Parties agree to physically connect their respective networks, at POI(s) so as
to furnish Local/EAS Traffic between CLEC and ILEC End User Customers only
in the Exchange Areas stated in Exhibit 1, attached hereto and incorporated herein
for all purposes. The exchange of traffic to other ILEC exchanges is not part of
this Agreement. This Agreement is expressly limited to the transport and
termination of Local/EAS Traffic originated by and terminated to End User
Customers of the Parties to this Agreement, at the POIs located at the LEC's
switches in Tolstoy and Britton, South Dakota, CLLI codes TLSTSDXADS1 and
BRTNSDXADSO, respectively.
3.2 Direct Interconnection Facilities between the Parties' networks shall be
provisioned as two-way interconnection trunks. The dedicated interconnection
facilities shall meet the Telcordia BOC Notes on LEG Network Practice No. SR -
TSV-002275.
3.3 ILEC and CLEC may utilize new wireline Direct Interconnection Facilities for the
mutual exchange of Local/EAS Traffic. The charges for usage and underlying
trunks shall be subject to the appropriate compensation based on jurisdiction as
provided in Section 4 of this Attachment.
3.4 Physical Interconnection
3.4.1 ILEC deploys in its network end office switches.
3.4.2 Trunk Types
3.4.2.1 Local Interconnection Trunks
3.4.2.1.1 The Parties will establish a local trunk group for the
exchange of Local/EAS Traffic ("Local Interconnection
Trunks") on the Direct Interconnection Facility, The
Parties agree that all Local/EAS Traffic exchanged between
them will be on trunks exclusively dedicated to such traffic.
Neither Party will terminate InterLATA toll traffic or
originate untranslated traffic to service codes (e.g.,
800, 888) over Local Interconnection Trunks.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
3.4.2.1.2 If the Parties' originating Local/EAS Traffic is exchanged
utilizing the same two-way Local Interconnection Trunk,
both Parties will mutually coordinate the provisioning and
quantity of trunks to be utilized in this arrangement,
3.4.2.2 Direct End Office Trunks
3.4.2.2.1 Direct End Office Trunk Group(s) (Direct EO Trunks)
transport traffic in the geographic area covered by the
exchanges listed in Exhibit 1 of this Attachment.
3.4.2.2.2 Direct End Office Trunk Group(s) (Direct EO Trunks)
transport traffic between CLEC's switch and a ILEC End
Office and are not switched at a Local Tandem location.
CLEC shall establish a two-way Direct EO Trunk Group
when actual or projected End Office Local/EAS Traffic
requires twenty-four (24) or more DSO trunks. Once
provisioned, traffic from CLEC to ILEC must be redirected
to route first to the Direct EO Trunk.
3.4.2.2.3 All traffic received by ILEC on the Direct EO Trunk from
CLEC must terminate in the End Office, i.e., no Tandem
switching will be performed in the End Office.
3.4.2.3 Toll Trunks
3.4.2.3.1 Toll traffic shall not be routed on the Local Interconnection
Trunks.
3.4.2.4 Other Trunk Types: 91 1 Trunks
3.4.2.4.1 CLEC shall be responsible for establishing all necessary 911
trunks for its End User traffic with the appropriate Public
Safety Answering Points. CLEC may purchase transport for
such 911 trunks from ILEC subject to applicable tariff rates.
3.4.3 RESERVED
3.5 The Parties will mutually agree on the appropriate sizing of the transport
facilities. The capacity of transport facilities provided by each Party will
be based on mutual forecasts and sound engineering practice, as mutually
agreed to by the Parties. CLEC will order trunks in the agreed-upon
quantities via an Access Service Request ("ASR") according to Section
6.7 in the Ordering Attachment.
3.6 If CLEC's request requires ILEC to build new facilities (e.g., install new
fiber), CLEC will bear the cost of construction. Payment terms for such
costs will be negotiated between the Parties on an individual case basis.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
No Party will construct facilities that require the other Party to build
unnecessary facilities.
3.7 Interface Types:
If the POI has an electrical interface, the interface will beDSl or
DS3 as mutually agreed upon by the Parties.
3.8 Programming:
3.8.1 It shall be the responsibility of each Party to program and update
its own switches and network systems pursuant to the LERG
guidelines to recognize and route traffic to the other Party's
assigned NPA-NXX codes. Neither Party shall impose any fees or
charges whatsoever on the other Party for such activities. Any new
CLEC or ILEC NPA-NXX codes properly assigned under wireline
guidelines and rules to the exchanges listed in Exhibit 1 shall be
part of this Agreement.
3.9 Equipment Additions :
Where additional equipment is required, such equipment will be obtained,
engineered, and installed on the same basis and with the same intervals as
any similar growth job for the Parties' internal customer demand.
4. Compensation
4.1 Facilities Compensation
4.1.1 For Direct Interconnection Facilities, CLEC may lease facilities
from ILEC in its study area, where available, or lease facilities
from a third party to reach the POI.
4.1.2 Each Party shall be responsible for all costs of the Direct
Interconnection Facilities on its side of the POI. Each Party is
responsible for any transport, transiting, or switching charges
assessed by any third party on its respective side of the POI.
Neither Party shall have any obligation to bear any charges,
expenses or other costs assessed in connection with transporting,
transiting or switching traffic on the other Party's side of the POI.
4.1.3 If CLEC chooses to lease Direct Interconnection Facilities from
the ILEC to reach the POI, CLEC shall compensate ILEC for such
leased Direct Interconnection Facilities used to interconnect with
ILEC's network for the transmission and routing of Local/EAS
Traffic at the rates contained in the Pricing Attachment of this
Agreement.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
4.1.4 CLEC may use a third party carrier's facilities for purposes of
establishing interconnection with ILEC. In such case, on behalf of
CLEC, the third party carrier will connect dedicated facilities with
ILEC. CLEC shall be responsible for the payment to any third
party carrier for any charges associated with the facilities. If the
third-party is CenturyLink, CLEC must order the facilities from
CenturyLink as a meet-point facility. In no case shall ILEC be
responsible for payment to the third party carrier.
4.1.5 In the event ILEC is required to modify its network to
accommodate the interconnection request made by CLEC, CLEC
agrees to pay ILEC reasonable charges for such modifications. If
CLEC uses a third party network provider to reach the POI, CLEC
will bear all third party carrier charges for facilities and traffic in
both directions on its side of the POI.
4.2 Traffic Termination Compensation
4.2.1 This Section 4.2 is expressly limited to the transport and
termination of Local/EAS Traffic originated by and terminated to
End User Customers of the Parties in this Agreement. Both Parties
agree that the traffic is roughly in balance and therefore
compensation for Local/EAS/ISP-Bound Traffic shall be in the
form of the mutual exchange of services provided by the other
Party with no minute of use billing related to exchange of such
traffic issued by either Party.
4.2.2 RESERVED
4.3 RESERVED
5. Routing
5.1 Both Parties will route traffic in accordance with Telcordia Traffic
Routing Administration (TRA) instructions.
5.2 Both Parties shall adhere to the North American Numbering Plan (NANP)
guidelines for wireline traffic. The Parties shall not assign telephone
numbers from an NPA/NXX to an End User Customer physically located
outside the Rate Center Area with which the NPA/NXX is associated.
Further, in order for End User Customers to be considered physically
located in the Rate Center, such End User Customers must have valid
E911 service with a corresponding record in the serving ALI Database.
5.3 Once CLEC has been assigned numbers from NANPA, CLEC shall assign
numbers within those codes or blocks only to end users physically located
in the ILEC Rate Center Area associated with the number blocks either
directly or by means of a dedicated facility from the subscriber's physical
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
location to a location within the ILEC's Rate Center (such as FX service).
Numbers shall not be used to aggregate traffic to originate or terminate to
either Party. If numbers are assigned to physical locations outside the
local calling area, call to such numbers shall be subject to access charges.
5.4 Neither Party shall route un-translated traffic to service codes (e.g., 800,
888, 900) over the Local Interconnection Trunks.
5.5 N11 Codes: Neither Party shall route un-translated N11 codes (e.g., 411,
611,711, and 911) to the other party over Interconnection Facilities.
6. Signaling
6.1 Each party shall provide accurate Calling Party Number ("CPN") and JIP
associated with the End User Customer originating the call.
6.1.1 Each party shall provide accurate Calling Party Number ("CPN")
associated with the End User Customer originating the call.
Accurate CPN is:
6.1.1.1 CPN that is a dialable working telephone number, that
when dialed, will reach the End User Customer to whom it is
assigned, at that End User Customer's Location.
6.1.1.2 CPN that has not been altered.
6.1.1.3 CPN that is not different than the originating number, ,
6.1.1.4 CPN that follows the North American Numbering Plan
Standards for wireline traffic and can be identified in
numbering databases and the LERG as an active number.
6.1.1.5 CPN that is assigned to an active End User Customer.
6.1.6 CPN that is associated with the ILEC Rate Center Area of the
specific End User Customer Location.
6.1.2 JIP shall be populated as follows:
6.1.2.1 The SS-7 JIP parameter should be populated in the initial
address message of all wireline calls.
6.1.2.2 JIP must be populated with an NPA-NXX that is the same
as NPA-NXX of the LRN for calls terminating to the same
rate center.
6.1.2.3 When call forwarding occurs, the forwarded from DN
(Directory Number) field will be populated, the JIP will be
changed to a JIP associated with the forwarded from DN
and the new called DN will be inserted in the IAM.
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
6.2 Signaling:
The Parties will connect their networks using SS7 signaling as defined in
applicable industry standards including ISDN User Part ("ISUP") for
trunk signaling and Transaction Capabilities Application Part ("TCAP")
for common channel signaling-based features in the connection of their
networks. Each Party shall ensure that CPN is available for at least 95%
of the calls it terminates to the other Party. Signaling information shall be
shared, upon request, between the Parties at no charge to either Party.
6.3 Signaling Parameters:
The Parties agree to utilize SS7 Common Channel Signaling ("CCS")
between their respective networks for the traffic addressed in this
Agreement in order to process, track and monitor the traffic. Each Party
will provide CCS connectivity in accordance with accepted industry
practice and standard technical specifications. For all traffic exchanged,
the Parties agree to cooperate with one another and to exchange all
appropriate CCS messages, for call set-up, including without limitation
ISDN User Part ("ISUP"), Transaction Capability User Part ("TCAP")
messages and Jurisdictional Indicator Parameter ("JIP") to facilitate
interoperability of CCS-based features and functions between their
respective networks, including CLASS features and functions. Each Party
will provide all CCS signaling parameters, including, but not limited to the
originating CPN, in conjunction with all traffic it exchanges f6 the extent
required by industry standards.
6.4 In addition to the Parties' obligation to deliver traffic with accurate
signaling parameters, each month, any Party responsible for any IP-
Enabled Traffic will provide, in electronic format acceptable to the other
Party, a call detail record for each IP-Enabled call delivered by the Party
for termination. Such call detail records shall contain, at a minimum, the
following information: Message Date (MM/DD/YY); Originating
Number; Terminating Number; Terminating LRN; Connect Time; and
Elapsed Time. Additionally, the Party responsible for any IP-Enabled
Traffic agrees to provide information sufficient to accurately classify the
traffic (Local Traffic, EAS, Intrastate Switched Access (includes
IntraLATA TOLL), Interstate Switched Access, and such other
information as may be reasonably required by the terminating Party to
classify the traffic.
7. Network Management
7.1 Network Management and Changes:
Both Parties will work cooperatively with each other to install and
maintain the most effective and reliable interconnected
telecommunications networks, including but not limited to, the exchange
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
of toll-free maintenance contact numbers and escalation procedures. Both
Parties agree to provide notice of changes in the information necessary for
the transmission and routing of services using its local exchange facilities
or networks, as well as of any other changes that would affect the
interoperability of those facilities and networks.
7.2 Grade of Service:
Each Party will provision their network to provide a designed blocking
objective ofaP.Ol.
7.3 Protective Controls:
Either Party may use protective network traffic management controls such
as 7-digit or 10-digit code gaps, as applicable, on traffic towards each
Party's network, when required to protect the public switched network
from congestion or failure, or focused overload. CLEC and ILEC will
immediately notify each other of any protective control action planned or
executed.
7.4 Mass Calling:
Both Parties will cooperate and share pre-planning information regarding
cross-network call-ins expected to generate large or focused temporary
increases in call volumes. The Parties agree that the promotion of mass
calling services is not in the best interest of either Party. If one Party's
network is burdened repeatedly more than the other Party's network, the
Parties will meet and discuss the cause and impact of such calling and will
agree on how to equitably share the costs and revenues associated with the
calls and on methods for managing the call volume.
7.5 Network Harm:
Neither Party will use any service related to or provided in this Agreement
in any manner that interferes with third parties in the use of their service,
prevents third parties from using their service, impairs the quality of
service to other carriers or to either Party's End User Customers; causes
electrical hazards to either Party's personnel, damage to either Party's
equipment or malfunction of either Party's billing equipment (individually
and collectively, "Network Harm"), If a Network Harm will occur, or if a
Party reasonably determines that a Network Harm is imminent, such Party
will, where practicable, notify the other Party that temporary
discontinuance or refusal of service may be required, provided, however,
wherever prior notice is not practicable, such Party may temporarily
discontinue or refuse service forthwith, if such action is reasonable under
the circumstances. In case of such temporary discontinuance or refusal,
such Party will:
10
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Interconnection Attachment
7.5.1 Promptly notify the other Party of such temporary discontinuance
or refusal;
7.5.2 Afford the other Party the opportunity to correct the situation
which gave rise to such temporary discontinuance or refusal; and
7.5,3 Inform the other Party of its right to bring a complaint to the
Commission, FCC, or a court of competent jurisdiction.
11
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

ANCILLARY SERVICES ATTACHMENT
12
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

1. Telecommunications Relay Service
Telecommunications Relay Service (TRS) enables deaf, hearing-impaired, or
speech-impaired TRS users to reach other telephone users. Each Party is
responsible for providing access to TRS for its End User Customers.
3. Directory Listings and Directory Distribution
3.1 CLEC will be required to negotiate a separate agreement for directory
listings, except as set forth below, with ILEC's vendor for directory
publications. ILEC will not impede CLEC in the listing of CLEC's End
Users for inclusion in ILEC's directory.
3.2 Listings
CLEC agrees to supply directly to the ILEC's vendor directory listing on a
regularly scheduled basis, and in a format prescribed by ILEC or its
vendor, all listing information for CLEC's End Users who wish to be
listed in any ILEC published directory for the relevant operating area.
Listing information will consist of names, addresses (including city, state
and ZIP code) and telephone numbers. Nothing in this Agreement shall
require ILEC to publish a directory where it would not otherwise do so.
Listing inclusion in a given directory will be in accordance with directory
publisher's solely determined directory configuration, scope, and
schedules and listings will be treated in the same manner as ILEC's
listings.
3.3 Distribution
Upon directory publication, ILEC will arrange for the initial distribution
of the directory to service End Users in the directory coverage area.
CLEC will supply ILEC, in a timely manner, with all required subscriber
mailing information including non-listed and non-published subscriber
mailing information, to enable ILEC to perform its directory distribution
to CLEC customers. CLEC will pay ILEC for the reasonable and direct
cost for directory distribution to CLEC End Users at the rates shown in the
Pricing Attachment.
3.4 CLEC Directory
If requested, ILEC will provide its customer information to CLEC for
inclusion in CLEC's directory publication at a rate of $0.04 per listing.
13
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Pricing Attachment
General. The rates contained in this Pricing Attachment are the rates as referenced in the
various sections on the Interconnection Agreement and are subject to change.
General Charges:
1. Technical Labor
Install & Repair Technician:
Basic Time (normally scheduled hours) $65.00 per hour
Overtime (outside normally schld hrs on schld work day) $ 97.50 per hour
Call out
Central Office Technician:
Basic Time (normally scheduled hours) $65.00 per hour
Overtime (outside normally schld hrs on schld work day) $ 97.50 per hour
Call out
Customer Service Representative
Basic Time (Normal Scheduled) $65.00 per hour
D. Facility Charges
D S3 Channel Termination/Termination
a. Electrical Interface
D S3 Entrance Facility
Non-Recurring Per State Access Tariff'
Recurring Per State Access Tariff
Direct Trunk Transport
Non-Recumng Per State Access Tariff
Recurring:
DS3 Channel Mileage Facility/Mile Per State Access Tariff
DS3 Channel Mileage Term/Term Per State Access Tariff
Multiplexing/Port
14
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

DS3toDSl
Non-Recurrin^ Per State Access Tariff
Recurring Per State Access Tariff
DSltoDSO
Non-Recumn^ Per State Access Tariff
Recurring Per State Access Tariff
DS 1 Channel Terminatioa/Termination
DS1 Entrance Facility
Non-Recurring Per State Access Tariff
Recurring Per State Access Tariff
DS 1 Direct Trunk Transport
Non-Recurring Per State Access Tariff
Recurring:
DS1 Channel Mileage Facility/Mile Per State Access Tariff
DS 1 Channel Mileage Term/Term Per State Access Tariff
SIP Trunk Pricing
Channel Termination/Trunk $28.07 per month
Ethernet Transport to POI $30.00 per Meg. per month
E. Directory Distribution
Midco Number in Venture Directory $ 1.50 per number per month
Per Directory Delivered $ 10.00 per directory*
Charge per directory distributed in accordance with mailing information provided under
Ancillary Services Attachment, Section 3.3: Rate to be adjusted annually starting on the
first anniversary of the effective date of this Agreement by a percentage equal to the
percentage change in the Consumer Price Index since the previous adjustment. Directory
listing fees will only be charged ifMidco is unable to work directly with the publisher,
15
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Exhibit 1
LOCAL AND EAS INTERCONNECTION NETWORK ARRANGEMENTS TABLE
LOCAL CALLING SCOPE AND NPA/NXXS
Exchange in Midcontinent ILEC NPA/NXX EAS NPA NXX within Calling Scope
Local Calling NPA/NXX
Area
Roscoe 605-276-Sxxx 605-287 NoEAS
Roslyn 605-420-Sxxx 605-486
605-345 Webster
605-588 Webster
Bowdle 605-281-Sxxx 605-285 605-649 Selby
605-281 Bowdle
605-282 Bowdle
Selby/Java 605-643-Sxxx 605-649
605-281 Bowdle
605-282 Bowdle
605-285 Bowdte
Any NPA-NXX codes added to the local calling areas or EAS areas for these exchanges during the
term of this Agreement shall be deemed to be added to the list above.
16
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

Exhibit C
Anti-Drug Abuse Act Certification
REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

REDACTED FOR PUBLIC DISCLOSURE