Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of Convoso, Inc. )
) WC Docket No. 20-
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF CONVOSO, INC. FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING
RESOURCES
Convoso, Inc. (“Convoso” or “Company”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the
Commission’s Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering resources as described
below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order, an interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is authorized to
provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such authorization may
be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the information detailed in Section
52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s Rules. Convoso hereby requests the Commission grant it
that authorization, which is being requested to participate in STIR/SHAKEN. In support of this
Application, Convoso provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Convoso, Inc.
5955 De Soto Ave., Ste. 210.
Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Telephone: 866-787-0157
Email: carriers@convoso.com
Website: www.convoso.com
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance, 911 and Law Enforcement:
Nima Hakimi
Convoso, Inc.
5955 De Soto Ave., Ste. 210.
1

Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Telephone: 866-787-0157
Email: nhakimi@convoso.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Convoso hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under Section
52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission numbering
rules, as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the states. The Company hereby also
acknowledges that this authorization is subject to compliance with industry guidelines and practices
regarding numbering, as applicable to telecommunications carriers. The numbering resources that
are the subject of this Application will be used to provide interconnected VoIP services initially in
California. However, the Company anticipates that it may provide interconnected VoIP service
nationwide, and accordingly, may request numbers from the other states in turn after its initial request
in California. Accordingly, to the extent required, Convoso requests the Commission grant it authority
to obtain numbering resources in all states, the District of Columbia and in Puerto Rico.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Convoso acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Convoso hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. Convoso has agreements in place with a nationally-recognized carrier
partner, which has interconnection agreements in effect with all relevant incumbent local exchange
carriers, in order to route traffic. A copy of these agreements (combined into a single document) is
attached as Exhibit A to this Application. Convoso respectfully requests these agreements be
accorded confidential treatment, pursuant to §0.459 of the Commission’s rules. Convoso also includes
a currently effective interconnection agreement between its carrier partner and an incumbent local
exchange carrier (“ILEC”) as Exhibit B to this Application. Convoso is also in the process of obtaining
an Operating Company Number (“OCN”), which will be provided to the Commission.
2

In addition, the Company has a back-office support system with the ability to schedule and
process LNP orders from customers, and has staff experienced in handling Local Number Portability
between itself and other carriers and interconnected VoIP providers.
E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Convoso hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local Number
Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations
to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management team with
substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has sufficient technical
expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable service.
Convoso’s key manager and technical officer is Bobby Hakimi. Hakimi is the co-founder and
Chief Product Officer (“CPO”) of Convoso, which was launched in 2006. His passion for technology
and diligent commitment to innovating solutions for call center customers have been the driving force
behind the company's product development. In his role as CPO, Hakimi is dedicated to evolving the
Convoso solution in response to the ever-changing regulatory environment. The platform is designed
to support compliant-minded call center operations in adhering to the TCPA and the Telephone Sales
Rule and other rules and regulations issued by the FCC and FTC, as well as other state and federal
agencies.
Bobby Hakimi works closely with carriers to understand traffic patterns as well as their
guidance on good practices and consumer preferences. Using these insights, Hakimi educates
Convoso customers and helps them to responsibly reach out to their large prospect audience in a
compliant fashion. Prior to Convoso, Hakimi worked as an entrepreneur in the digital advertising
3

space. He holds a certification in Product Management from the Pragmatic Marketing Institute.
Bobby Hakimi is not and has not been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement
or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Convoso hereby certifies that no party to this Application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Convoso will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this Application, and will file a correction with the Commission and
each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Convoso will also furnish accurate regulatory
and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Convoso, Inc. respectfully
requests the Commission grant this Application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
CONVOSO, INC.
By /s/ Robert H. Jackson
Robert H. Jackson
Marashlian & Donahue, PLCC
1430 Spring Hill Road
Suite 310
Tysons, VA 22102
703-714-1300
rhj@commlawgroup.com
Dated: November 6, 2020
4

Exhibit A
Agreements with Underlying CLEC
Confidential and Proprietary – Filed Under Seal Pursuant to 47 C.F.R. §0.459
A copy of the Agreements is filed under seal.
5

DocuSign Envelope ID: E3E2D5E5-74F0-438E-AAB8-D4714B2CB96A
DECLARATION
Nima Hakimi, under penalty of perjury, deposes and states as follows:
1. My name is Nima Hakimi. I am the President and CEO of Convoso, Inc.
2. I have reviewed the information set forth in the Company's Application to Obtain
Numbering Resources to which this declaration is attached.
3. The statements set forth in Convoso's Application are true and correct to the best of my
knowledge, information and belief.
_____________________________
Nima Hakimi
Dated: November 6, 2020:
7