PUBLIC VERSION (Redacted)
Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
NobelBiz, Inc. Applicant ) WC Docket No. 20-
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
the Federal Communication )
Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF NOBELBIZ, INC.
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
NobelBiz, Inc. (“NobelBiz”), a voice over internet protocol (“VoIP”) provider, files this
application with the Federal Communications Commission (the “Commission”) for authorization
to obtain telephone numbers directly from the North American Numbering Plan Administrator
and the Pooling Administrator (together, the “Numbering Authorities”) in accordance with 47
C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3), Section 52.15(g)(3) of the Commission’s Rules.
Under the Commission’s “Numbering Policies for Modern Communications,” 30 FCC
Rcd. 6839 (2015), an interconnected VoIP providermay obtain numbering resources directly
from the Numbering Administrators upon showing that it is authorized and able to provide
service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. NobelBiz currently offers
interconnected VoIP service to end user customers and will continue to be able to provide service
within sixty (60) days of the numbering resources activation date as required by 47 C.F.R. §
52.15(g)(2).
A provider may receive such authorization upon an application to the Commission
containing the information in Sections 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)-(F) of the Commission’s Rules.
NobelBiz hereby requests that the Commission grant it such authorization.

PUBLIC VERSION (Redacted)
NobelBiz provides the following information in support of its application:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
a) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: NobelBiz, Inc.
Address: 1545 Faraday Avenue
Suite 101
Carlsbad, CA 92008
Telephone: (760) 405-0105
Qualified Personnel: Colleen Guffey, Vice President
Email: Colleen.Guffey@NobelBiz.com
b) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
NobelBiz hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources
under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules, numbering authority delegated to the states, and industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
c) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
NobelBiz hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant
state commissions at least 30 days before submitting a request for numbers to the Numbering
Administrators. Appendix A hereto lists states where NobelBiz intends to request numbering
resources.
d) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
NobelBiz sets forth here its capability to provide service within 60 days of its receipt of
the authorization sought through this application. NobelBiz has an agreement in place with
its carrier partner who in turn has interconnection agreements in effect with the relevant local
exchange carriers, as well as full staff for number porting. To establish the readiness of its

PUBLIC VERSION (Redacted)
facilities’, NobelBiz has attached to this application an agreement between NobelBiz and its
carrier partner, as Confidential Exhibit A, and an interconnection agreement between that
carrier partner and an incumbent local exchange carrier, as Confidential Exhibit B, both
submitted pursuant to NobelBiz’s request for confidential treatment filed herewith.
e) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
NobelBiz certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H; its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii); its North American Numbering Plan and
Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and
52.32; its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR § 1.1154; and the 911 obligations
under 47 CFR part 9.
f) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
NobelBiz certifies that it possesses the financial, managerial, and technical expertise
to provide reliable service. NobelBiz’s members of key management are:
President: Steven Bederman
Vice President: Colleen Guffey
Chief Operating Officer: George Seroukas
NobelBiz’s key technical personnel include:
Director of Operations: Madalin Anghel
Carrier Product Manager: Stefan Necula
NobelBiz confirms that none of the above-listed individuals is being or has been
investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to
comply with any law, rule or order.
Appendix B to this application provides summary biographies of the above-listed
individuals.

PUBLIC VERSION (Redacted)
g) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
NobelBiz hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
NobelBiz commits to compliance with the conditions applicable to all interconnected
VoIP provider numbering authorizations under Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), specifically to: (A)-(D).
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commissions’ Rules, NobelBiz respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Colleen Guffey
Winafred Brantl Colleen Guffey, Vice President
Kelley Drye & Warren LLP NobelBiz, Inc.
3050 K St., NW, Suite 400 1545 Faraday Avenue, Ste. 101
Washington, D.C. 20007 Carlsbad, CA 92008
(202) 945-6649 (760) 405-0105
wbrantl@kelleydrye.com Colleen.Guffey@NobelBiz.com
Counsel for NobelBiz, Inc.

PUBLIC VERSION (Redacted)
Appendix A
The list of states in which NobelBiz intends to directly request numbering
resources:
- California

PUBLIC VERSION (Redacted)
Appendix B
NobelBiz’s key management and technical personnel:
Steven Bederman, President:
Steven Bederman is the President and CEO of NobelBiz, a contact center technology
company that provides carrier and software services, including productivity and compliance
tools, to a unique carrier-of-carriers network, and a complete omni-channel software with
social media integration, web chat, SMS, and, of course, voice. Mr. Bederman is a
published author, accomplished leader, and a highly regarded contact center industry
innovator. He’s had a phenomenal journey throughout his career and his expertise in
corporate restructuring and strategic growth brought him the reputation of a renaissance
business leader.
Colleen Guffey, Vice President:
Colleen Guffey is an experienced operational executive with over 20 years working in
contact centers and telecommunications industry. Her areas of focus have included contact
center management, project management, assessment and implementation of operational
best practices amongst a variety of industries including telecommunications, technology,
consumer fulfillment, and insurance. Her current responsibilities include management of
compliance matters driven through monitoring the policies of telecommunications
regulatory agencies like FCC, FTC and CFPB, and facilitation of procedures that ensure
internal and external compliance with these laws. Ms. Guffey holds a Bachelor’s Degree in
Civil Engineering from Purdue University.
George Seroukas, Chief Operating Officer:
George Seroukas has over 20 years of valuable experience in the contact center, telecom
and telephony industries. Having built and managed subsidiaries and teams around the
world, he is a unique leader supporting NobelBiz in becoming the world’s leading computer
telephony software company. Mr. Seroukas has proven ability in leadership, process
reorganization and structuring, coaching, business development management, customer and
partner relationship management. He has a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science from
Concordia University and is a Microsoft Certified System Engineer.

PUBLIC VERSION (Redacted)
Madalin Anghel, Director of Operations:
Madalin Anghel has over 16 years of telecom experience and currently serves as NobelBiz’s
Director of Operations, overseeing a team of more than 30 engineers that handle support,
system administration, security and business analytics. Prior to this role he was Head of the
Telecom Support Team and previously responsible for network security and compliance for
the NobelBiz infrastructure. He has a Bachelor's Degree in Software and Networks for
Telecommunications, as well a Master's Degree in Databases - Business Support.
Stefan Necula, Carrier Product Manager:
Stefan Necula serves as the Carrier Product Manager and coordinates the NobelBiz Carrier
Team. He is also responsible for relations and interconnections with the other carrier
partners. Mr. Necula has over 8 years of experience in the telecom industry and has a deep
background in network and VoIP operations. He graduated the Faculty of Electronics,
Telecommunications and Information Technology from Politehnica University of
Bucharest.

PUBLIC VERSION (Redacted)
EXHIBIT A
(Filed confidentially under seal)

PUBLIC VERSION (Redacted)
EXHIBIT B
(Filed confidentially under seal)