Serlice Ordcr for U.S. llonrcstic Local nnd Long l)istitttr:e Scrvice
X5 OpCo. LLC
Pursuant to the temrs and conditions ol'Custonrcr''s Master Selvicc Agrccntent ("N4SA") rvith Inteliqucnt
and this Scrvice Order, Custoniel lrcreby subscribes to lnteliqucnt's tJ.S. [)orrrestic l.ocal and [-ong
Distance Servicc (the "'Service").
L Dcfinition of "LLD,Scrlicc 'l'ral'fic":
i-t-D Scrvice'l'raffic mcans (a) tral'lic that originates in a local L'xcllarlqc iuld tcnnilliltcs irt cithcr the satttc
cxchangc'or another calling arc.a associltcrl rlith thc originating clchan{e. us gcncntllr dcllrrcd and
specified in the general subscriber service taril'l'ol'the applicable lncrrnilrr'nt Local [schange Carrier
("t-ocal 'fraf1ic") and (b) all otJrcl tral'llc. rlhctlrcr inrt'rLA'l-A. inlcrlVl'l'A or intrir[-A'l A toll tral'llc ("[-ong
'l'raffic").
Distancc
[.[.D Scrvicc-fraffic that is.iurisdictionnllv indctcrnrinate due lo lack oi'sigrraling inlonnation rvill be
'l'rallic.
trcalcd as Long Distancc
2. Te rnrination of Originatinq l,[,D Scn ice Traffic to Certain Carricrs:
- Custonrcr rvill deiiver to Can'icr originating LI-D Service Tral'llc lor tcrrninutiurr to Nl)A-NXXs that (i)
arc locatcd in the 50 states in tlrc l.Jnitcd Statcs r;r the District o1'Colurnbiu untl that (2) conlirnn to the
Noltlr Anrelican Numbering l)lan. Clarlicr rvilrdelivcr tltese calls lil'tenuirtirtion Lrv tlte terttrinating
'foll
scrvicr- providr.r'nehvork. NPn 0XX, N I I ancl Free calls ale excludcd lionr tcrrtrination undcr'lltis
Scrvice Orde'r.
- Cr-rstonrcr acknorvledges lhat thc Selvicc is onlv intended to ternrinatc tral'llc ricstincd to the pernritted
NI'A-NXX's described abnvc. arrd that il'Custorncr routL's other calls to Carricr. llrosc calls ri ill tlil to
corn plr'lc.
- If'a dialed nuniber has been portcd. it irill havc an [-RN. 'l-he NI)r\-r'vXX ol'thr"'LItN u'ill b!'Ireated as
the terntinatin-s NPA-NXX lbl all llurposcs under .'ris Servicc Order.
l. Facilities: lntercortncctitnl poirlts lbr tlre Service are currcntlv uvailublc using l'DN''l l.nrnkins. ll)
'l'nrnking (Dedicated Elhemct Conncction via Sl[) intertace). orVirtual ll)-l'runking (public Intemet
accc'ss). Custonrer sclects lhc lbllorr,irrg rnctho(l and *'ill pay the associatcd chirrgcs:
Declicated Ethernet IP Tlunkinri (lustomr'r Provided (lustonrct' [)rovided
Corrcurrent Session Fec -
llRC
I t,ublic ll) Access (\\raivcd)
}IRC
Customer ProVicled Custorrrer l)rovided
'Cttstont.-r is responsible lbr otrtainins, ancl paving lbr the transporl lacilil)'lo intcrcorirrcct rvith Carrier
(c.g.. liorn Customer's srvilch to Carricr's srvitch or Can'icr designatcd l)oint ol'lrrtclconncct). Carrier has
rro rcsponsibility for any scrvicc problerns rclatcd to the above Custornr:r providccl transport lacilily, LLD
Scrvicc''fraf fic must be sent ovcr trunk gloups separate fionr tralllc associaled rvitlr any olher service
Custorncr purchascs lronr Carricr'.
Ternrination arrtl Other Clrargcs:
Confidential
I

- The minutes of use charges for the Service will be set forth on a pricing sheet provided to Customer. The
pricing will be based on whether the taflic is long Distance Traffic or Local Traffic and the NPA-NXX to
which the call is terminating. The pricing attachment will include a rate for any NPA-NXX not listed on the
rate sheet.
- Customer will pay these charges pursuant to the terms of the MSA.
- Charges are billed in six-second initial and six-second additional increments (6/6).
- Carrier will periodically send Customer rate updates via electronic transmission of an Excel spreadsheet.
- Price changes applicable to existing NPA-N)'Xs are effective upon seven days written notice; price
decreases may be effective on less than seven days notice ifa shorter notice period is stated in the notice.
Price updates rvill be sent to: x5ratechanges@x5solutions.com. Customer will provide notice to Canier of
any changes to this email address.
- When nerv NPA-N)O(s are delivered to Customer, pricing associated with these new NPA-NXXs is
effective immediately.
- Customer's termination of taffic to the authorized NPA-NXXS, including any updates thereto, conftrms
Customer's acceptance ofany new or revised rates and routing codes.
- If Customer chooses not to acc€pt any revised or new rates or routing codes, Customer agrees not to send
traffic terminating to the aflected NPA-NXXs.
5. Sbort Duration Cslls:
- ff2Ao/o or more of Customer's cornpleted calls are equal to or less than 6 seconds in length (each a "Shorl
Duration Call'), or if more than25o/o of Customer's total call attempts do not complete during any given
month per trunk group during any billing cycle (the "lncomplete Call Threshold"), then Canier may bill
and Customer will pay Canier a $0.015 surcharge for (i) for each Short Duration Call or (ii) each
incomplete call. This surcharge will be in addition to Customer's per minute usage rates described above.
Additionally, Carrier may terminate Customer's use of the Service and disconnect all relevant Connections
on 30 days prior written notice.
- Carrier may in its sole discretion temporarily block duplicate or rcpeated numbers dialed in succession or
abnormally short duration calls where Carrier considers the number of attempts to be potentially harmful to
the network. Carrier shall have no liability for damages of any type to Customer for actions taken under this
clause to protect the integnty of its network, "
- If Carrier needs to exercises this right, where r.racticable, Carrier will attempt to inform Customer of its
intention to apply such conrols, however the Canier reserves ttre right to apply such measures without
advance notice should immediate action be required to prot€ct the integrity of its network.
- Customer will not route auto-dialer traffic under this Service Order. For purposes of this Service Order,
auto-dialer traffic means machine generated calls associated with outbound call center sales/solicitation
campaigns.
6.
Cause Code - Reroutins:
- Canier will use commercially reasonable efforts';o send to Customer a cause code "503" (for customen
interfacing with Carrier via SIP) or cause code "34" (for customers interfacing TDM) for calls that cannot
be completed so that the call can be re-routed accordingly.
- Customer represents and wa:rants it is able to receive and process a cause code from Carrier.
7,
Additionsl Terms and Conditions:
- Custom€r will provide Carier with a forecast of minutes expected in the first full month following service
activafion with Carrier
- Carrier and Customer mutually agfee to tum down under-utilized tunks. After a 3 month ramp period
commencing when interconnection has been completed by Carrier, if taffrc volumes are below 500,000
MOUVmonth, Carrier reserves the right to request disconnection of all facilities, which will be conducted
over a reasonable timefiame.
[Signatures on Next Page]
Confidentisl
2

Inteliquent, Inc. acceptance signature:
This offer expires 30 days lront the datc listed on the Pricing Attachmcnt.
Confidential
3