DocuSign Envelope ID: 5CD2A904-8735-4EB0-8A13-404D37134E62
November 5, 2020
Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th St. SW
Washington, DC 20554
Via ECFS
RE: WaveNation, LLC Application for Authorization to Obtain Number Resources Pursuant
to Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, WaveNation, LLC hereby submits
its application requesting authorization to obtain numbering resources. For any questions
regarding this application please contact Julie Oost at (312) 878‐4137.
Respectfully Submitted,
____________________
Julie Oost
WaveNation, LLC
Telephone: (312) 878‐4137
Email: regulatory@peerlessnetwork.com

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5CD2A904-8735-4EB0-8A13-404D37134E62
Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
WaveNation, LLC ) WC Docket No. _____________
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF WAVENATION, LLC
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
WaveNation, LLC (“WaveNation”), pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s
Rules, respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering resources as described below.
As set forth in the Commission’s Numbering Order1, an interconnected VoIP provider may
obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are requested. Such
authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission containing the
information detailed in Sections 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)‐(G) of the Commission’s Rules. WaveNation
hereby requests the Commission grant it that authorization. In support of this application,
WaveNation provides the following information:
1 WC Docket No. 13-97, et al. (FCC 15-70), Report and Order, rel. June 22, 2015.
1

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5CD2A904-8735-4EB0-8A13-404D37134E62
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
(A) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: WaveNation, LLC
Address: 222 South Riverside Plaza, Suite 1900, Chicago, IL 60606
Telephone: 844‐662‐9283
Personnel qualified to address regulatory/compliance/911/law enforcement
issues:
Julie Oost, VP of Regulatory Affairs & Contracts
222 S. Riverside Plaza, Suite 1900, Chicago, IL 60606
Phone: (312) 878‐4137
Fax: (312) 757‐4874
Email: regulatory@peerlessnetwork.com
(B) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
WaveNation hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources
under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to: compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules; numbering authority delegated to the states; and industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
(C) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
WaveNation hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the
relevant state commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
(D) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
WaveNation hereby provides its capability to provide service within 60 days of the
numbering resources activation date. WaveNation has entered into an agreement with Peerless
2

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5CD2A904-8735-4EB0-8A13-404D37134E62
Network. Under this agreement, Peerless Network will provide WaveNation with services which
will allow WaveNation to use Peerless Network’s interconnection trunks to exchange traffic with
the Public Switched Network and other local exchange carriers. Furthermore, Peerless Network
provisioned a trunk group for WaveNation. As proof of readiness, WaveNation provides: (1)
Exhibit A – a Facilities Readiness confirmation document showing that WaveNation has
established and activated a trunk group with Peerless Network, and (2) Exhibit B – relevant pages
from an interconnection agreement between Peerless Network and an incumbent local exchange
carrier.
(E) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
WaveNation hereby certifies that it will comply with applicable: Universal Service Fund
Contribution obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H; Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii); North American Numbering Plan and
Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 CFR §§ 52.17, 52.32;
regulatory fee obligations under 47 CFR § 1.1154; and 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9.
(F) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
WaveNation hereby certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise
to provide reliable service. It is financially stable, is led by a strong, experienced team of
individuals with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has
sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable services. The
WaveNation Key Personnel listed below have decades of experience in the telecommunications
industry and have designed, built and maintained many telecommunications services.
3

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5CD2A904-8735-4EB0-8A13-404D37134E62
WaveNation’s key management and technical personnel are listed below. None of personnel
listed below are being (or have been) investigated by the Federal Communications Commission
or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule or order.
Key Personnel:
John Barnicle
President and Chief Executive Officer
John Barnicle has 30 years of leadership experience in the telecommunications industry.
Prior to founding Peerless Network, John was President and Chief Executive Officer of
Lynch Interactive Corp. where he led the effort to take the company private. Under his
leadership the firm grew non‐regulated revenue streams on a 20% annual pace and
reduced the company’s reliance on USF (Universal Service Fund) financial support.
Prior to Lynch Interactive Corp., John served as Co‐founder, President and Chief
Operating Officer of Neutral Tandem Inc. which he helped grow from inception to an
annualized revenue run rate of over $40 million in just 20 months. Under John’s control,
Neutral Tandem became EBITDA positive within 12 months of providing service. His
leadership established the foundation for the company’s successful Initial Public
Offering in November 2007.
Prior to Neutral Tandem, John was Co‐founder, President and Chief Operating Officer of
Focal Communications Corp. With direct responsibility for all day‐to‐day activities of the
company, John grew Focal to over $350M in annualized revenue in less than six years,
guided the company to an operating profit in its first full year of operations and was
involved in raising over $800 million in capital during that period, including a successful
IPO in July 1999. John also held executive management roles at MFS Communications,
Duff and Phelps Credit Rating Company and Centel Corporation.
Mr. Barnicle earned an M.B.A. in Finance from DePaul University and a B.S. in Electrical
Engineering with an emphasis on RF communications systems from the University of
Illinois at Champaign.
Lisa B. Neimark
Chief Financial Officer
Lisa B. Neimark has over 30 years of technical experience in finance and accounting and
extensive practical experience transforming companies through mergers and
acquisitions and organic revenue growth. Lisa has driven results by advising CEOs,
boards of directors, senior executives, lenders and shareholders of public and privately
held companies in complex transactions and financial and operational matters. She has
been responsible for leading the execution of strategic transactions throughout the
United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe and Asia and is consistently recognized as
a dedicated, collaborative and principled leader with strong problem‐solving and critical
thinking skills.
4

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5CD2A904-8735-4EB0-8A13-404D37134E62
Lisa has held CFO position at PSL North America, Palm Bay Academy, Johnson Publishing
Company and other major companies. In addition, she has held executive level positions
with firms such as Duff & Phelps, Macquarie Capital, Capstone Advisory Group and Ernst
& Young Corporate Finance.
Lisa has a B.S. from Indiana University in Accountancy and successfully completed the
Executive Program at Kellogg School of Business, Northwestern University.
Richard Knight
Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing
Rick has 25 years of award‐winning business building experience including launching of
new technologies and products, creating local and national marketing programs,
acquiring new customers and directly impacting corporate margins by increasing gross
revenues. Rick has developed, sold, supported, engineered and implemented customer
solutions that achieved high‐margin revenues and his experience includes Fortune 500,
affinity and wholesale market segments.
As Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing for TeleGuam Holdings, Rick was
responsible for developing sales and support teams and interconnections agreements
while selling mobile, long distance, data and local services. Rick’s efforts included the
development of national, business and residential account teams focused on revenue
generation while maintaining margins in excess of 75%. Rick has held senior
management positions with Focal Communications Corporation and MCI.
Rick earned a B.A. from the University of Iowa in 1985 and a M.B.A. from DePaul
University.
Jim Brewer
Senior Vice President, Emerging Business
Jim Brewer has more than 20 years of experience of driving results within the
telecommunications industry. Jim brings extensive knowledge of designing, deploying
and operating carrier‐class VoIP and IMS networks and services to Peerless Network. As
co‐founder of Peerless Network and Senior Vice President, Emerging Businesses, Mr.
Brewer is responsible for voice, messaging, UCaaS architecture/engineering, software
development of the Peerless Portal and all related products, software development of
the Peerless LCR and all ancillary call routing applications.
Prior to Peerless, Jim served as Manager of VoIP Engineering for Focal Communications,
where he supervised the successful launch of the wholesale VoIP service. Following the
company’s acquisition by Broadwing Communications, he oversaw the VoIP engineering
team and managed the integration of the Broadwing and Focal Communications
networks.
Jim studied computer engineering at the University of Iowa and holds a bachelor’s
degree in telecommunications management from DeVry University.
Tony Hiller
Executive Vice President Operations and Engineering
5

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5CD2A904-8735-4EB0-8A13-404D37134E62
Tony Hiller brings more than 23 years of experience in the telecom industry to Peerless
Network. Throughout his career, he has successfully helped teams design, optimize and
operate carrier networks while maximizing performance at minimal cost. Tony is co‐
founder of Peerless and serves as Senior Vice President, Engineering and Architecture.
In his role, he oversees design, build, deployment and engineering of the company’s
network, systems and facilities. Tony co‐authored several of the company’s key patents.
Tony previously led teams at Level3 and Broadwing Communications overseeing
network engineering, planning, architecture and internet peering. During his time at
Level3, he assisted with the post‐acquisition integration of multiple acquired networks,
including Broadwing’s. He also held key positions at Broadwing Communications, Focal
Communications and Interaccess Corp.
Tony studied computer science and human computer interaction at DePaul University.
Bob Sherman
Vice President, Information Technology
Bob Sherman has over 20 years of experience in the telecommunications industry. Bob
was one of the initial employees at Peerless and currently serves as Vice President,
Information Technology. In his role, he is responsible for overseeing application design
and development activities related to CRM, order management, CDR collection, usage
rating, billing and reporting. He has extensive knowledge of the back‐office application
infrastructure required to run a telecommunications business.
Prior to Peerless, Bob worked on various ordering, provisioning, billing and reporting
systems at Level3, Broadwing Communications and Focal Communications. Prior to
Focal, Bob was a senior manager in the Management Consulting and Technology
Services unit of PriceWaterhouseCoopers (now IBM Business Consulting). In that role,
Bob worked at several Fortune 500 companies in the transportation, retail and
healthcare industries.
Bob earned a bachelor’s degree in Engineering from the University of Illinois at
Champaign‐Urbana.
Julie Musselman Oost
Vice President of Regulatory Affairs & Contracts
Julie has 25 years of experience in the regulatory and contracts space with a
demonstrated ability to manage federal, state and local regulatory and contractual
issues. In her current role as Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and Contracts, Julie
provides leadership and direction for Peerless’ regulatory initiatives and compliance and
performs a wide range of transactional activities, including contract drafting, negotiation
and review with an emphasis on sales contracts, vendor contracts, inter‐carrier
contracts and disputes, NDAs and sales bid responses. Julie also represents Peerless in
regulatory matters before government agencies, including the FCC and state public
utility regulatory commissions, and in industry associations, including the North
American Numbering Council (NANC).
6

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5CD2A904-8735-4EB0-8A13-404D37134E62
Prior to joining Peerless, Ms. Oost spent 10 years as an economist at Kelley Drye &
Warren LLP in its Chicago office where she provided economic counsel and public policy
guidance to communications and energy clients on federal, state and local regulatory
issues focusing on the development of briefs, testimonies and other regulatory filings.
Prior to Kelley Drye, Julie was a senior policy advisor to Commissioners Karl A.
McDermott and Terry S. Harvill, and an economic analyst in the policy section of the
Telecommunications Division at the Illinois Commerce Commission. Julie has also
worked for Argonne National Laboratory and the Center for Regulatory Studies.
Julie earned a M.S. in Regulatory Economics and a B.A. in Finance and Economics from
Illinois State University in Bloomington‐Normal, Illinois.
(G) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
WaveNation hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti‐Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), WaveNation will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in this application; comply with applicable Commission
numbering rules and industry guidelines; file requests for numbers with relevant state
commission(s) at least thirty days before requesting numbers from the Number Administrators;
and provide accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission
when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commissions’ Rules, WaveNation respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
7

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5CD2A904-8735-4EB0-8A13-404D37134E62
Respectfully Submitted,
________________________
Julie Oost
VP, Regulatory Affairs & Contracts
WaveNation, LLC
222 S. Riverside Plaza, Suite 1900
Chicago, IL 60606
Telephone: (312) 878‐4137
Fax: (312) 757‐4874
Email: regulatory@peerlessnetwork.com
Date: November 5, 2020
LIST OF EXHIBITS
Exhibit A: Facilities Readiness Confirmation
Exhibit B: Interconnection Agreement
Exhibit C: State(s) in which WaveNation may request telephone number resources for initial
roll‐out
8

EXHIBIT A

To whom it may concern:
This notification is provided to validate that the following trunk group(s) have been completed,
activated and are in-service for WaveNation, LLC.
Peerless Network Customer: WaveNation, LLC
Date of Activation: 11/19/2020
LD trunk groups
CHI05NBS27: CHI27WAVE000NG50001
DAL01NBS27: DAL27WAVE000NG50001
IP Control groups
CHINBS05: C5372_SIP_WNWIRELESS
NYCNBS06: C5372_SIP_WNWIRELESS
peerless network
Julie M. Oost | VP Regulatory Affairs and Contracts
222 S. Riverside Plaza, Suite 1900 | Chicago, IL 60606
O: 312.878.4137 |JOost@peerlessnetwork.com
Website: www.peerlessnetwork.com

EXHIBIT B

140 West Street
27th Floor
New York, NY 10007-2109
Tel (212) 321-8136
Fax (212) 962-1687
keefe.b.clemons@verizon.com
Keefe B. Clemons
Associate General Counsel – NY & CT
October 16, 2007
BY HAND
Honorable Jaclyn A. Brilling
Secretary
New York Public Service Commission
Three Empire State Plaza
Albany, New York 12223
Re: Interconnection Agreement between
Verizon New York Inc. and Peerless Network of New York, LLC
Dear Secretary Brilling:
Enclosed please find the Interconnection Agreement, effective October 11, 2007,
between Verizon New York Inc. and Peerless Network of New York, LLC. The contact person
for Peerless Network of New York, LLC is:
Scott Kell
Peerless Network of New York, LLC
27 North Wacker Street, Suite 244
Chicago, IL 60606
(312) 282-9323
skell@peerlessnetwork.com
If you have any questions regarding this matter, please feel free to contact me.
Respectfully submitted,
Keefe B. Clemons
cc: Scott Kell (By E-Mail)

AGREEMENT
by and between
PEERLESS NETWORK OF NEW YORK, LLC
and
VERIZON NEW YORK INC.
FOR THE STATE OF
NEW YORK
PN NY Comp v3.1.doc

AGREEMENT
PREFACE
This Agreement (“Agreement”) shall be deemed effective as of October 11, 2007 (the “Effective
Date”), between Peerless Network of New York, LLC (“PN”), a Limited Liability Company
organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, with offices at 27 N. Wacker St., Suite 444,
Chicago, IL 60606 and Verizon New York Inc. (“Verizon”), a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of New York with offices at 140 West Street, New York, NY 10007 (Verizon and
PN may be referred to hereinafter, each, individually as a “Party”, and, collectively, as the
“Parties”).
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally
bound, pursuant to Section 252 of the Act, Verizon and PN hereby agree as follows:
1. The Agreement
1.1 This Agreement includes: (a) the Principal Document; (b) the Tariffs of each
Party applicable to the Services that are offered for sale by it in the Principal
Document (which Tariffs are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement
by reference); and, (c) an Order by a Party that has been accepted by the other
Party.
1.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Principal Document (including, but
not limited to, the Pricing Attachment), conflicts among provisions in the Principal
Document, Tariffs, and an Order by a Party that has been accepted by the other
Party, shall be resolved in accordance with the following order of precedence,
where the document identified in subsection “(a)” shall have the highest
precedence: (a) the Principal Document; (b) the Tariffs; and, (c) an Order by a
Party that has been accepted by the other Party. The fact that a provision
appears in the Principal Document but not in a Tariff, or in a Tariff but not in the
Principal Document, shall not be interpreted as, or deemed grounds for finding, a
conflict for the purposes of this Section 1.2.
1.3 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties on the
subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous
agreement, understanding, or representation, on the subject matter hereof,
provided, however, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or
otherwise, this Agreement is an amendment, extension and restatement of the
Parties’ prior interconnection and resale agreement(s), if any, and, as such, this
Agreement is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed to create, a novation or
accord and satisfaction with respect to any prior interconnection or resale
agreements and, accordingly, all monetary obligations of the Parties to one
another under any prior interconnection or resale agreements shall remain in full
force and effect and shall constitute monetary obligations of the Parties under
this Agreement (provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement
shall convert any claim or debt that would otherwise constitute a prepetition claim
or debt in a bankruptcy case into a postpetition claim or debt). In connection with
the foregoing, Verizon expressly reserves all of its rights under the Bankruptcy
Code and Applicable Law to seek or oppose any relief in respect of the
assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection of any interconnection or
resale agreements between Verizon and PN.
PN NY Comp v3.1.doc 1

1.4 Except as otherwise provided in the Principal Document, the Principal Document
may not be waived or modified except by a written document that is signed by
the Parties. Subject to the requirements of Applicable Law, a Party shall have
the right to add, modify, or withdraw, its Tariff(s) at any time, without the consent
of, or notice to, the other Party.
2. Term and Termination
2.1 This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and, unless cancelled
or terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof, shall continue in effect
until October 10, 2009 (the “Initial Term”). Thereafter, this Agreement shall
continue in force and effect unless and until cancelled or terminated as provided
in this Agreement.
2.2 Either PN or Verizon may terminate this Agreement effective upon the expiration
of the Initial Term or effective upon any date after expiration of the Initial Term by
providing written notice of termination at least ninety (90) days in advance of the
date of termination.
2.3 If either PN or Verizon provides notice of termination pursuant to Section 2.2 and
on or before the proposed date of termination either PN or Verizon has requested
negotiation of a new interconnection agreement, unless this Agreement is
cancelled or terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof (including,
but not limited to, pursuant to Section 12), this Agreement shall remain in effect
until the earlier of: (a) the effective date of a new interconnection agreement
between PN and Verizon; or, (b) the date one (1) year after the proposed date of
termination.
2.4 If either PN or Verizon provides notice of termination pursuant to Section 2.2 and
by 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the proposed date of termination neither PN nor
Verizon has requested negotiation of a new interconnection agreement, (a) this
Agreement will terminate at 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the proposed date of
termination, and (b) the Services being provided under this Agreement at the
time of termination will be terminated, except to the extent that the Purchasing
Party has requested that such Services continue to be provided pursuant to an
applicable Tariff or Statement of Generally Available Terms (SGAT).
3. Glossary and Attachments
The Glossary and the following Attachments are a part of this Agreement:
Additional Services Attachment
Interconnection Attachment
Resale Attachment
Network Elements Attachment
Collocation Attachment
911 Attachment
Pricing Attachment
4. Applicable Law
4.1 The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be
governed by (a) the laws of the United States of America and (b) the laws of the
PN NY Comp v3.1.doc 2

SIGNATURE PAGE
INWITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to beexecuted as of
the Effective Date.
PEERLESS NETWORK OF NEW YORK, LLC VERIZON NE
By:
BY~
Printed: Scott Kell Printed: Gary Librizzi
Title: SVP Operations and Engineering Title: Director - Negotiations
PN NY Comp v3.1.doc 26

EXHIBIT C

EXHIBIT C
WaveNation, LLC (“WaveNation”) anticipates requesting telephone number resources in several
states during its initial roll-out, including New York, Illinois, Florida, Texas and others.
As WaveNation expands, it will request numbers in additional states.
WaveNation will file 30-day notices with the state public utility commissions before requesting
numbers from the numbering administrator.