Jeffrey J. Carlisle
jcarlisle@lermansenter.com
202-416-6768
November 25, 2024
CONFIDENTIALITY REQUEST PURSUANT TO 47 C.F.R. § 0.459
BY ECFS
Ms. Marlene H. Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
Office of the Secretary
9050 Junction Drive
Annapolis Junction, MD 20701
Attn: Enforcement Bureau, Investigations and Hearings Division, FCC
Re: Request for Confidential Treatment, Application of Telimize LLC for Authority to
Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s
Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules, Telimize LLC (“Telimize”)
hereby submits the enclosed application for authorization to obtain numbering resources (the
“Application”) and respectfully requests confidential treatment of the text indicated in the Application
and Exhibits A and B contained therein. Consistent with Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the Commission’s
Rules, Telimize has labeled the relevant exhibits “Confidential, Not for Public Inspection.” Confidential
treatment in this circumstance is fully consistent with the Administrative Procedure Act (“APA”) and
past Commission practice.
The redacted materials in the Application and the Exhibits contain (i) commercially sensitive
information that identifies Telimize’s vendors for interconnection, numbering and 911 services, (ii)
commercially sensitive information agreements between Telimize and its vendors and (iii)
technologically sensitive explanations and diagrams showing how Telimize complies with 911 and

Ms. Marlene H. Dortch
November 25, 2024
Page 2
CALEA requirements. Confidential treatment of this information is appropriate under Exemption 4 of
the Freedom of Information Act, which apply to information constituting “trade secrets and commercial
or financial information” that “would not customarily be released to the public.” See 5 U.S.C. §
552(b)(4); 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d).
In support of this request, Telimize provides the following information, as provided for under
Section 0.459(b) of the Commission’s Rules.
1. Specific Information for Which Confidential Treatment is Sought - § 0.459(b)(1): Telimize
requests that the redacted parts of the Application and Exhibits A and B be withheld from public
disclosure under 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4) and 47 CFR § 0.457(d)(2). Specifically, (i) the Application
identifies Telimize’s vendors, (ii) the Exhibits contain proprietary and commercially sensitive
information concerning Telimize’s commercial agreements with these vendors and technical diagrams
and descriptions showing how Telimize complies with 911 and CALEA obligations, and (iii) Exhibit B
includes the pricing and terms of the agreement between Telimize and the vendor that provides
Telimize’s homing tandem and routing of local and access traffic (both originating and terminating) to
the public switched telephone network (“PSTN”).
2. Circumstances Giving Rise to the Submission - § 0.459(b)(2): Telimize is submitting the
Application and Exhibits as proof that (i) it complies with its 911 obligations under Part 9 of the
Commission’s Rules, (ii) it complies with the provisions of CALEA, pursuant to section
52.15(g)(3)(ii)(E) of the Commission’s Rules, and (iii) it is capable of providing service within sixty
days of the numbering resources activation date, pursuant to section 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(H) of the
Commission’s rules.
3. Degree to Which the Information is Commercial or Financial, or Contains a Trade Secret
or Is Privileged - § 0.459(b)(3): The Application discloses the names of Telimize’s vendors, Exhibit A
provides technical diagrams and descriptions of how Telimize complies with 911 and CALEA
requirements, and Exhibit B contains business confidential agreements between Telimize and its vendor.
Exhibit B thus includes confidential pricing and technical terms. This information is subject to
exemption from public disclosure under FOIA Exemption 4.4. None of this information would normally
be made available to the public, and public disclosure would make available to competitors proprietary
information that is competitively sensitive and could undermine Telimize’s business strategy. See 5
U.S.C. § 552(b)(4); 47 C.F.R. § 0.457(d) (Commission authorized to withhold “materials which would
not customarily be released to the public”). To date, disclosure of the information and documents
subject to this request has been limited to certain executives and employees of Telimize and their outside
legal counsel, and the counterparties to the agreements provided under Exhibit B.
4. Degree to Which the Information Concerns a Service That is Subject to Competition - §
0.459(b)(4): The market for interconnected voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) is highly competitive
with low barriers to entry. The commercial information at issue goes directly to Telimize’s ability to
comply with the 911 service and CALEA obligations applicable to all VoIP service providers, and

Ms. Marlene H. Dortch
November 25, 2024
Page 3
Telimize’s ability to provide VoIP service by interconnecting with the PSTN through its vendor. Thus,
this information “concerns a service subject to competition.” Accordingly, this information qualifies as
sensitive internal business and commercial information entitled to protection under FOIA and the
Commission’s rules.
5. How Disclosure of the Information Could Result in Substantial Competitive Harm - §
0.459(b)(5): As the VoIP industry is highly competitive, and the nature of the confidential information
is sensitive as to Telimize’s relations with its vendors and technical processes, public release of
confidential information in the Application and Exhibits A and B would cause significant competitive
harm to Telimize. Not only would the identity of its vendors become public, but the substantive terms
of its commercial agreements, including pricing and negotiated service terms, will become known to its
competitors. Moreover, its processes for complying with regulatory obligations to provide emergency
services and lawful interception would become publicly known, which would not only cause
competitive harm to Telimize, but would also undermine Telimize’s ability to provide safe and secure
VoIP services to its end users.
6. Measures Taken by Telimize to Prevent Unauthorized Disclosure - § 0.459(b)(6): Telimize
has limited access to the information and documents subject to this request to those officers, directors,
employees, and counsel who require its disclosure in order to perform their duties. Telimize treats the
documents provided in Exhibits A and B as confidential and proprietary and has not publicly disclosed
this information.
7. The Information Submitted is Not Available to the Public and Has Not Previously Been
Disclosed to Third Parties, Except for Appropriately Limited Circumstances - § 0.459(b)(7): To the
best of Telimize’s knowledge, the information and documentation for which confidential treatment is
sought has not been publicly disclosed. Disclosure by Telimize has been limited to those with a need to
know, and to those who are subject to professional or other confidentiality obligations.
8. Period During Which the Submitted Material Should Not Be Available for Public
Disclosure - § 0.459(b)(8): Telimize respectfully requests that the confidential information in the
Application and Exhibits A and B be kept confidential indefinitely given the sensitive nature of this
information and the risks inherent in any unauthorized disclosure. It is not clear at this time what
potential period of non-disclosure is required in order to protect Telimize’s interests.
9. Other Information Supporting Request for Confidential Treatment - § 0.459(b)(9): Not
applicable.
* * * * *

Ms. Marlene H. Dortch
November 25, 2024
Page 4
For the reasons stated above, Telimize requests that the Commission withhold from public
inspection the information identified herein, according it full confidential treatment.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Jeffrey Carlisle
Jeffrey Carlisle
Lerman Senter PLLC
2001 L Street, NW, Suite 400
Washington, DC 20036-4945
(202) 429-8970
Counsel for Telimize
Enclosure

NECA assigned Telimize’s OCN on November 4, 2024, and it will use Company Code 053L as
an IPES provider.
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(ii)
Telimize provides the following information in support of its application:
1. Company and Contact Information (Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A))
Name: Telimize, LLC
Address: 212 E 22nd Street, Suite 1003, Cheyenne, WY 82001
Telephone Number: 707-371-6927
Contact for regulatory requirements, compliance with Commission’s Rules, 911 and law
enforcement:
Name: Grantham Hamm, CEO
Address: Telimize, LLC, 212 E 22nd Street, Suite 1003, Cheyenne, WY
82001
Telephone: 707-371-6927
Email: grantham@telimize.com
2. Acknowledgment of Compliance Obligations (Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B))
Telimize hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with (1) applicable
Commission numbering rules, (2) numbering authority delegated to the states and the state laws,
regulations, and registration requirements applicable to businesses operating in each state where
Telimize seeks numbering resources, and (3) industry guidelines and practices regarding
numbering as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
3. Certification Regarding Proper Use (Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(C))
Telimize hereby certifies that it will not use the numbers obtained pursuant to an
authorization under Section 52.15(g) to knowingly transmit, encourage, assist, or facilitate illegal
robocalls, illegal spoofing, or fraud, in violation of robocall, spoofing, and deceptive
2
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

10. Certification Regarding Universal Service (Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(J))
Telimize hereby certifies that, when it commences service, it will comply with its
Universal Service Fund contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 54, subpart H; its
Telecommunications Relay Service contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii);
its North American Numbering Plan and Local Number Portability administration contribution
obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17 and 52.32; its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47
C.F.R. § 1.1154; and its 911 obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 9. Telimize’s FRN is 0034355206
and its 499 Filer ID Number is 836414.
11. Certification Regarding Financial, Managerial and Technical Expertise (Section
52.15(g)(3)(ii)(K))
Telimize hereby certifies that it possesses the financial, managerial, and technical
expertise to provide reliable service. Telimize has already successfully operated as an IT
provider, installing call center and office collaboration systems, and optimized delivery of
UCaaS platforms and business phone systems through integration with Android and iOS, as well
as web browsers. Today, Telimize provides IT services to small- and medium-sized businesses
across 6 states and in several foreign countries, and anticipates significant growth once it begins
to provide interconnected VoIP using its own numbering resources. Telimize is led by a strong,
experienced team with extensive technical expertise and infrastructure in place to enable the
company to provide reliable numbering services. Telimize’s key management and technical
personnel are identified in Exhibit D. Neither Telimize nor any of the personnel identified in
Exhibit D are being or have been investigated by the Commission, law enforcement, or any
regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law, rule, or order, including the Commission’s
Rules applicable to unlawful robocalls or unlawful spoofing.
5
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

12. Disclosable Ownership (Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii)(L))
Individuals or entities that own ten percent or more of the equity and/or voting interests
in Telimize are as follows:
Name: Telimize Holding LLC
Address: 212 E 22nd Street, Suite 1003, Cheyenne, WY 82001
Jurisdiction of Formation: Wyoming
Principal Business: Telecommunications and information services
Percentage Interest: 100% voting and equity in Telimize
Name: Grantham Hamm
Address: 212 E 22nd Street, Suite 1003, Cheyenne, WY 82001
Citizenship: United States
Principal Business: Telecommunications and information services
Percentage Interest: 100% voting and equity in Telimize Holding LLC
Telimize hereby certifies that it does not have any interlocking directorates with any
foreign carrier and is not affiliated with any foreign carrier.
13. Certification Regarding Anti-Drug Abuse Act (Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(M))
Telimize hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 (21 U.S.C. § 862).
14. Declaration
A declaration under penalty of perjury pursuant to 47 C.F.R. § 1.16 is attached hereto as
Exhibit E.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(x)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(x), Telimize will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information, certifications, and ownership or affiliation information in this application, and will
notify the Commission within 30 days of any changes to the above.
6
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(ii) of the Commission's Rules, Telimize respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
If the Commission has any questions or needs additional information with respect to the
application, please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Jeffrey Carlisle
Jeffrey Carlisle
Lerman Senter PLLC
2001 L Street, NW
Suite 400
Washington, DC 20036
(202)416-6768
jcarlisle@lermansenter.com
Counsel for Telimize, LLC
November 25, 2024
7
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

EXHIBIT A
911 and CALEA Process
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

[REDACTED IN FULL]
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

EXHIBIT B
SERVICE AGREEMENTS
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

[REDACTED IN FULL]
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

EXHIBIT C
TELIMIZE 499 FILER ID
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

11/21/24, 2:06 PM FCC Form 499 Filer Database Detailed Information
Search | RSS | Updates | E-Filing | Initiatives | Consumers | Find People
FCC Form 499 Filer Database Detailed Information
FCC > CGB Home > FCC Form 499 Filer Database > FCC Form 499 Filer Database Detailed Information FCC site map
FCC Form 499 Filer Database
DETAILED INFORMATION
Form 499 Filer 836414 RSS Feed
Filer Identification Information:
No Longer Active as of .
Replaced by filer:
Historical Data:
499 Filer ID Number: 836414
Registration Current as of: 4/1/2024
Legal Name of Reporting Entity: Telimize LLC
Doing Business As: Telimize
Principal Communications Type: Interconnected VoIP
Universal Service Fund Contributor: No
(Contact USAC at 888-641-8722 if this is not correct.)
Holding Company:
Registration Number (CORESID): 0034355206
Management Company:
Headquarters Address: 30 N Gould St
Suite R
City: Sheridan
State: WY
ZIP Code: 82801
Customer Inquiries Address: 30 N Gould St
Suite R
City: Sheridan
State: WY
ZIP Code: 82801
Customer Inquiries Telephone: 707-371-6927 Ext:
Other Trade Names: Telimize
Agent for Service of Process:
Local/Alternate Agent for Service
of Process:
Telephone:
Extension:
Fax:
E-mail:
Business Address of Agent for
Mail or Hand Service of Documents:
City:
State:
ZIP Code:
D.C. Agent for Service of Process: Registered Agents
Registered Agents Inc.
Telephone: 202-403-0599
Extension:
Fax:
E-Mail: agent@washingtondcregisteredagent.com
Business Address of D.C. Agent for
Mail or Hand Service of Documents: 1717 N Street NW, STE 1
City: Washington
State: DC
ZIP Code: 20036
FCC Registration Information:
Chief Executive Officer: Grantham Hamm
Business Address: 30 N Gould St
Suite R
City: Sheridan
State: WY
ZIP Code: 82801
Chairman or Other Senior Officer:
Business Address:
City:
State:
ZIP Code: REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION
https://apps.fcc.gov/cgb/form499/499detail.cfm?FilerNum=836414 1/2

EXHIBIT D
KEY MANAGEMENT AND TECHNICAL PERSONNEL
REDACTED – FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

GRANTHAM HAMM
PROFILE
I have a dynamic track record of driving results and excelling in all facets of
business development and management. Demonstrated ability to active
engage in operations, finance, marketing and human resources. Adept at
leading teams and implementing strategic initiatives to drive profitability. I
possess a degree from a prestigious university, exceptional communication
CONTACT skills, and strong multitasking capabilities. Skilled entrepreneur with a talent for
identifying and capitalizing on new technologies, oppurtunities leading to
exceptional business growth.
\. 405-880-9990
WORK EXPERIENCE
m granthamhamm@telimize.com
9
212 E 22nd
• Telimize LLC 2023-PRESENT
Suite #1003
Cheyenne, Wyoming 82001
Chief Executive Officer/ Head of Finance
• Develop and execute comprehensive sales & marketing strategies and
campaigns that align with the company's goals and objectives.
EDUCATION
• Lead, mentor, and manage a high-performing marketing team,
fostering a collaborative and results-driven work environment.
2020-2024 • Monitor brand consistency across marketing channels and materials.
• Ensure project completion and customer service quality across IT &
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND
Networking deployments for enterprise customers.
• Bachelor of Science in
Criminal Law
• United States Army
• Minor in Political Science I
2024 2020-2023
Hawaii Human Resource Sergeant
GOOGLE
Project Management Professional • Trained new hires and cross-trained team members on document
Certification management and filing procedures, resulting in a 40% reduction in
training time and a 15% increase in team productivity
• Maintained essential documents, including contracts, agreements, and
SKILLS
financial records,
• Ammunition Handler, maintaining accountability for approximately
• Project Management $24,000 dollars of ammunition in transport and in usage. Kept
accountability of over 48,000 rounds for 20 range qualifications.
• Client Relations
Maintained Soldiers and Special Agents qualifications with in the
• Human Resource
standards of the Army. Kept attention to detail with no deficiencies or
• Financial & Economical shortage of ammunition
• Battalion weapons structural expert in M249, M4, M 18 valued at
Planning
$20,000. Made sure assigned weapons were in good standing and fully
• Compliance & Regulatory
functioning for all ranges. Taught soldiers how to dismantle, preform
• Business Operations & functions check, andP ropper fundamentals of firing weapons.
• Oversaw Human Resource Section during the transition of the
Strategy
Department of the Army, Criminal Investigation Division (CID), helping
• Marketing & Sales
Soldiers and Special Agents with the constant change of new processes
and maintained accountability of personnel actions.
• Assisted CID in transporting prisoners across the island to and from the
brig for holding on pending trials ensuring the safety of the Special
Agents and prisoners throughout the process.
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

Griffin McGinty
Passion-driven Technology Executive with a proven record of
optimising and leveraging IT & Network Systems. Forward
thinking Chief Technology Officer with experience leading
cross-functional IT teams and driving technological
advancement of the organization.
Work Experience
Chief Technology Officer
Telimize LLC
Sep 2023 - Present Contact
Steered the technological vision of the company while fostering
212 E 22nd Suite #1003
innovation and collaboration across IT teams.
Cheyenne, WY 82001
Successfully led the development and deployment of CPaaS Call
M: 918-961-2225
Tracking Platform, an MVP Enterprise solution for agencies, marketers
griffin@telimize.com
and businesses of any size.
Led a team in successfully navigating a complex audit, ensuring
compliance with industry regulations. Technical Skills
Oversaw the development and implementation of strategic technology
IT Programming
initiatives.
Network Layers & Protocol
Spearheaded the creation of strategic roadmap, outlining technology
Enterprise Voice & Network
investments and initiatives to support business objectives and goals.
Security
Rest API
Patriot Enhanced Operator Maintainer Secret Security Clearance JSON, JavaScript
United States Army, Baumholder, Germany Django, NodeJS, C#
Penetration & Testing
April 2018 - August 2018 SIP, IP Frameworks
Extensive training in operating and maintaining the Patriot missile Firewall Management
defense system, ensuring peak operational readiness and effective Cisco Packet Tracer/PuTTY
engagement of airborne threats in diverse environments. SecureShell
Proficient in all technical components of the system, including radar, SQL DB
launchers, and command and control centers, with advanced skills in Cloud Computing & Servers
troubleshooting and system diagnostics.
Led and coordinated with foreign allies in joint defense operations, Certifications
fostering strong partnerships and ensuring seamless integration of the
Patriot system in multinational environments.
Network Routing & Switching
Supported mission-critical operations in both training and live settings,
Layer 3 Technologies
consistently achieving operational success by collaborating with team
VoIP Design and Telephony
members and foreign defense forces.
Fundamentals
Mastering SIP VoIP
Technologies
Educational Background
Asterisk/Kamailio Certification
Oklahoma State University Microsoft Teams Direct
Routing
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Master Load Balancing with
Major: General Business
HAProxy
Minor: Management Information Systems
UDP Socket Programming
REDACTED - FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION

EXHIBIT E
DECLARATION OF GRANTHAM HAMM
I, Grantham Hamm, do hereby declare under the penalty of perjury, pursuant to 47 C.F.R.
§ 1.16, that the following is true and correct:
1. I am the Chief Executive Officer for Telimize, LLC (“Telimize”).
2. I have reviewed the foregoing Application of Telimize for Authorization to Obtain
Numbering Resources, and the Exhibits thereto, and I am familiar with their contents.
3. To the best of my knowledge, information and belief, all statements in the application
and the Exhibit thereto are true and accurate.
Executed on November 25, 2024
Grantham Hamm
CEO
Telimize, LLC