Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
Zoom Voice Communications, Inc., )
Applicant ) WC Docket No. 20-______________
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF ZOOM VOICE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. FOR
NUMBERING AUTHORIZATION
Zoom Voice Communications, Inc.,1 (“Zoom Voice”), an interconnected VoIP provider
currently offering interconnected VoIP service to end user customers, files this application with
the Federal Communications Commission (“Commission”) for authorization to acquire
telephone numbers directly from the North American Numbering Plan Administrator and the
Pooling Administrator (“Numbering Administrators”) pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) of the
Commission’s rules. An interconnected VoIP provider may obtain numbering resources from
the Numbering Administrators upon showing that it is authorized to provide service in the area
for which the numbering resources are requested.2 Such authorization may be obtained upon
application to the Commission containing the information in Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the
1 Zoom Voice Communications, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zoom Video
Communications, Inc.
2 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(2); Numbering Policies for Modern Communications et al., Report &
Order, 30 FCC Rcd. 6839 (2015).

Commission’s Rules.3 Zoom Voice hereby provides that information and requests that the
Commission grant the authorization.
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
a) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: Zoom Voice Communications, Inc.
Address: 55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor
San Jose, CA 95113
Telephone: 805-250-3707
Qualified Personnel: Kari Zeni
Email: kari.zeni@zoom.us
b) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
Zoom Voice hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources
under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules, numbering authority delegated to the states, and industry
guidelines and practices regarding numbering as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
c) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
Zoom Voice hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant
state commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators. Zoom Voice will initially seek numbering resources in Arizona and Georgia.
d) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
Zoom Voice hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the
numbering activation date. Zoom Voice currently provides interconnected VoIP service to
customers in all 50 states. As noted above, Zoom Voice intends to initially request numbering
resources in Arizona and Georgia, but anticipates requesting resources from most or all states
3 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3).

over time. Zoom Voice has an agreement in place with a carrier partner that in turn has an
interconnection agreement in effect with a relevant local exchange carrier; this arrangement will
enable Zoom Voice to deliver traffic to and receive traffic from the PSTN for all Zoom Voice
numbering resources. Zoom Voice likewise has the staff necessary to meet its number porting
obligations. As proof of its facilities readiness, Zoom Voice has attached to this application, as
Confidential Exhibit A, an interconnection agreement between Zoom Voice and its carrier
partner and, as Confidential Exhibit B, relevant pages of an interconnection agreement between
that carrier partner and a local exchange carrier.
e) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
Zoom Voice certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan
and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17
and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 C.F.R. § 1.1154, and its 911
obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 9.
f) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
Zoom Voice certifies that it possesses the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. Zoom Voice’s key management includes:
Vi Chau, Product Manager: Mr. Chau has more than a decade of experience developing
and managing interconnected VoIP services.
Troy Hess, Porting Manager: Mr. Hess has more than fifteen years of experience in the
telecommunications industry, including managing porting and related operations for a variety of
interconnected VoIP providers and competitive local exchange carriers.

Aaron Kendall, Senior Operations Engineer: Mr. Kendall has more than a decade of
experience developing and overseeing communications infrastructure and telecommunications
operations for interconnected VoIP and competitive local exchange providers.
Neil Mehta, Technical Project Manager: Mr. Mehta has more than a decade of
experience managing communications operations for collaboration and voice service providers.
Kari Zeni, Associate General Counsel: Ms. Zeni has more than a decade of experience
overseeing communications regulatory compliance for telecommunications and technology
companies.
Tim Angus, State and Local Tax Lead: Mr. Angus is a state and local tax specialist with
particular experience addressing communications and technology tax and fee obligations.
Zoom Voice states that none of the identified personnel is being or has been investigated
by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any
law, rule or order.
g) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
Zoom Voice hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), Zoom Voice will maintain the accuracy of all
contact information and certifications in the application and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. Zoom Voice will also
furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when
requesting numbers in that state.

III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Zoom Voice respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
________________________________
Brita D. Strandberg
Courtney Miller
HARRIS, WILTSHIRE & GRANNIS LLP
1919 M Street N.W.
Eighth Floor
Washington, D.C. 20036
Tel.: (202) 730-1300
Fax: (202) 730-1301
Counsel to Zoom Voice Communications, Inc.

DECLARATION OF KARI ZENI
I, Kari Zeni, declare under penalty of perjury that I am the Assistant Secretary of Zoom
Voice Communications, Inc., that I have reviewed the foregoing Application for Numbering
Authorization, and that the statements contained therein are true and correct to the best of my
knowledge.
Dec 7, 2020
December__, 2020
____ _______________
Kari Zeni
Assistant Secretary
Zoom Voice Communications, Inc.