PUBLIC VERSION
Glenn S. Richards
tel: +1.202.663.8215
glenn.richards@pillsburylaw.com
December 17, 2020
VIA FEDEX AND ECFS REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT
Marlene H. Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
9050 Junction Drive
Annapolis Junction, MD 20701
Re: Application of ENA Services, LLC for Authorization to Obtain
Numbering Resources and Request for Confidential Treatment,
WC Docket No. _______
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the FCC’s Rules,1 ENA Services, LLC
(“ENA” or “Applicant”) respectfully submits the attached application for authorization
to obtain numbering resources (the “Application”).
Because this filing contains confidential information, a public version of the
Application is being filed electronically via the FCC’s Electronic Comment Filing
System (“ECFS”) and a confidential version is being submitted via overnight mail.2
Pursuant to Sections 552(b)(4) and 552(b)(7) of the Freedom of Information Act3
(“FOIA”) and Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the FCC’s Rules,4 ENA respectfully requests
that the FCC withhold from public inspection, and grant confidential treatment to, the
agreement between ENA and its carrier partner (the “Agreement”) attached to the
Application as Exhibit A. The Agreement contains proprietary and confidential
information that ENA does not make available for public inspection, and thus should
1
47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i).
2 See FCC Announces Closure of FCC Headquarters Open Window and Change in Hand-Delivery
Filing, Public Notice, DA 20-304, 35 FCC Rcd 2788 (2020).
3
5 U.S.C. §§ 552(b)(4), 552(b)(7).
4
47 C.F.R. §§ 0.457, 0.459.

PUBLIC VERSION
Page 2
be withheld from public inspection under the FCC’s Rules and FOIA Exemption 4
(protecting from disclosure “trade secrets and commercial or financial information”).5
In accordance with Section 0.459 of the FCC’s Rules, ENA supports its request
as follows:
(1) Identification of the specific information for which confidential treatment
is sought:
Applicant seeks confidential treatment for the Agreement, attached to the
Application as Exhibit A.
(2) Identification of the Commission proceeding in which the information was
submitted or a description of the circumstances giving rise to the
submission:
ENA is submitting the Agreement in connection with the Application as proof
of ENA’s facilities readiness, as required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the FCC’s
Rules.
(3) Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or
financial, or contains a trade secret or is privileged:
The Agreement contains propriety commercial information concerning the
term, obligations, and operational information of both parties to the agreement for the
purpose of ENA obtaining the services of the carrier partner. Negotiations behind the
Agreement were conducted on a confidential and proprietary basis, and the terms of the
Agreement are similarly kept confidential by the parties to the Agreement. None of
this information would be disclosed to the public in the ordinary course because it
relates to the private commercial contractual obligations among the parties.
(4) Explanation of the degree to which the information concerns a service that
is subject to competition:
ENA competes for subscribers in a highly competitive iVoIP industry. ENA’s
competitive advantages in such an industry are drawn in large part from its unique
operational capabilities, as disclosed in the Agreement.
5
5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4).

PUBLIC VERSION
Page 3
(5) Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial
competitive harm:
Disclosure of the Agreement would have a substantial adverse impact on ENA
because it would provide access to sensitive and propriety information behind ENA’s
provision of services and its commercial agreements. This includes details of ENA’s
operations and business model. This information is not publicly disclosed in the
ordinary course and could be used to the detriment of ENA by its competitors or parties
with whom ENA engages in high stakes negotiations.
(6) Identification of any measures taken by the submitting party to prevent
unauthorized disclosure:
ENA does not publicly disclose the proprietary commercial information
contained in the Agreement in the normal course of business, and each party to the
Agreement is subject to contractual confidentiality obligations.
(7) Identification of whether the information is available to the public and the
extent of any previous disclosure of the information to third parties:
ENA has not made the details of the agreement available to the public or to any
third parties.
(8) Justification of the period during which the submitting party asserts that
the material should not be available for public disclosure:
ENA requests permanent confidential treatment and non-disclosure because it
is impossible to predict when the information contained in the Agreement would no
longer be useful to ENA’s competitors or other third parties.
For the foregoing reasons, ENA submits that good cause exists to grant this
request for confidential treatment. Accordingly, ENA urges the FCC to grant this
request and withhold the Agreement from public inspection. To the extent that the FCC
disagrees and denies this request, ENA requests that the enclosed confidential materials
be returned to ENA without consideration pursuant to Section 0.459(e) of the FCC’s
Rules.6
6
47 C.F.R. § 0.459(e).

PUBLIC VERSION
Page 4
Please direct any questions or inquiries regarding this matter to the undersigned.
/s/ Glenn S. Richards
Glenn S. Richards
Counsel to ENA Services, LLC

PUBLIC VERSION
Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20002
In the Matter of )
)
ENA Services, LLC )
) WC Docket No. _______________
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) )
of the FCC’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF ENA SERVICES, LLC
FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) of the FCC’s Rules,1 ENA Services, LLC (“ENA” or
“Applicant”) respectfully requests authorization to obtain numbering resources as described
herein.
The FCC permits an interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol provider to obtain North
American Numbering Plan telephone numbers directly from the Numbering Administrator upon a
showing that it is authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbers are being
requested. Such authorization may be obtained upon application to the FCC containing the
information required in Section 52.15(g)(3) of the FCC’s Rules.2
By this application, ENA hereby respectfully requests that the FCC grant it such
authorization and provides the following information in support of its request.
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3).
2 See Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, IP-Enabled Services, and Telephone Number Requirements
for IP-Enabled Services Providers et al., Report and Order, 30 FCC Rcd 6839 (2015).

PUBLIC VERSION
I. Information Required by 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)
a. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Applicant Name and Contact Information:
ENA Services, LLC
618 Grassmere Park Drive, Suite 12
Nashville, TN 37211
(615)312-6000
Contact for Regulatory Requirements, Compliance with Commission’s Rules, 911
and Law Enforcement:
Kitty Ganier, General Counsel
ENA Services, LLC
618 Grassmere Park Drive, Suite 12
Nashville, TN 37211
(615)312-6000
kganier@ena.com
b. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
ENA hereby acknowledges that the authorization granted under Section 52.15(g)(3) of the
FCC’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission numbering rules; numbering
authority delegated to the states; and industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering as
applicable to telecommunications carriers.
c. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
ENA hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
d. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
ENA submits the following as proof that it is or will be capable of providing service within
sixty (60) days of the numbering resources activation date in accordance with Section 51.15(g)(2)
of the FCC’s Rules.
ENA is an experienced telecommunications services provider with operations in thirty-one
states. It possesses the technical, managerial, and financial capabilities to provide iVoIP services,
2

PUBLIC VERSION
as demonstrated by Applicant’s existing robust administrative and technical support system, which
is capable of scheduling and processing LNP orders, including bulk porting. ENA is a party to an
agreement with its carrier partner to route traffic to ILECs (the “Agreement”), attached as Exhibit
A. Through this Agreement, ENA’s carrier partner will host ENA’s numbers and provide
connectivity to the PSTN for inbound calls to ENA numbers. ENA has requested confidential
treatment under the FCC’s Rules for the Agreement.
In addition, Applicant has attached as Exhibit B an interconnection agreement between
ENA’s carrier partner and a local exchange carrier to provide services in Alabama, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee.
e. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
ENA hereby certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its NANP and LNP administration contribution
obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47
C.F.R. § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 C.F.R. part 9.
f. 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
ENA hereby certifies that it possesses the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. None of the key management and technical personnel, identified below,
are being or have been investigated by the FCC or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for
failure to comply with any law, rule, or order.
David Pierce President/Chief Executive Officer
Stebbins Chandor, Jr. Chief Financial Officer
Matthew Turner Vice President, Operations
Kitty Ganier Secretary, General Counsel
Michael McKerley Vice President/Chief Technology Officer
Jackie Staudacher Assistant Controller
3

PUBLIC VERSION
47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
ENA hereby certifies that pursuant to Sections 1.2001 and 1.2002 of the FCC’s Rules, no
party to this Application is subject to a denial of Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the
Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. Acknowledgement of Conditions Set Forth in 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 41.15(g)(3)(iv), ENA will:
(A) Maintain the accuracy of all contact information and certifications in this
Application and if any contact information or certification is no longer accurate,
will file a correction with the Commission and each applicable state within
thirty (30) days of the change of contact information or certification;
(B)Comply with the applicable Commission numbering rules; numbering authority
delegated to the states; and industry guidelines and practices regarding
numbering as applicable to telecommunications carriers;
(C)File requests for numbers with the relevant state commission(s) at least thirty
(30)days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators; and
(D) Provide accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state
commission when requesting numbers in that state.
4

PUBLIC VERSION
III. Conclusion
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) of the FCC’s Rules, ENA respectfully requests the FCC
grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Glenn S. Richards
Glenn S. Richards
Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
1200 Seventeenth Street, NW
Washington, DC 20036
(202)663-8215
glenn.richards@pillsburylaw.com
Counsel to ENA Services, LLC
December 17, 2020
5

PUBLIC VERSION
EXHIBIT A
AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN
ENA SERVICES, LLC
AND
CARRIER PARTNER
(CONFIDENTIAL EXHIBIT
SUBMITTED SEPARATELY)

PUBLIC VERSION
EXHIBIT B
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN
BELLSOUTH TELECOMMUNICATIONS, INC.
AND
CARRIER PARTNER

PUBLIC VERSION
By and Between
BellSouth Telecommunications, Inc.
And
Level 3 Communications, L.L.C.
CCCS 2 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
TABLE OF CONTENTS
General Terms and Conditions
Definitions
1. CLEC Certification
2. Term of the Agreement
3. Operational Support Systems
4. Parity
5. White Pages Listings
6. Court Ordered Requests for Call Detail Records and Other Subscriber Information
7. Liability and Indemnification
8. Intellectual Property Rights and Indemnification
9. Proprietary and Confidential Information
10. Resolution of Disputes
11. Taxes
12. Force Majeure
13. Adoption of Agreements
14. Modification of Agreement
15. Non-waiver of Legal Rights
16. Indivisibility
17. Waivers
18. Governing Law
19. Assignments
20. Notices
21. Rule of Construction
22. Headings of No Force or Effect
23. Multiple Counterparts
24. Filing of Agreement
25. Compliance with Applicable Law
26. Necessary Approvals
27. Good Faith Performance
28. Nonexclusive Dealings
29. Rate True-Up
30. Survival
31. Entire Agreement
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 3 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont’d)
Attachment 1 - Resale
Attachment 2 - Network Elements and Other Services
Attachment 3 - Network Interconnection
Attachment 4 - Physical Collocation – Central Office
Attachment 5 - Access to Numbers and Number Portability
Attachment 6 – Pre-Ordering, Ordering, Provisioning, Maintenance and Repair
Attachment 7 - Billing
Attachment 8 - Rights-of-Way, Conduits and Pole Attachments
Attachment 9 - Performance Measurements
Attachment 10- BellSouth Disaster Recovery Plan
Attachment 11–Bona Fide Request and New Business Request Process
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 4 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 1
AGREEMENT
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
THIS AGREEMENT is made by and between BellSouth Telecommunications, Inc.,
(BellSouth), a Georgia corporation, and Level 3 Communications, LLC (“Level 3”), a Delaware
limited liability company, and shall be effective on the Effective Date, as defined herein. This
Agreement may refer to either BellSouth or Level 3 or both as a “Party” or “Parties.”
W I T N E S S E T H
WHEREAS, BellSouth is a local exchange telecommunications company authorized
to provide telecommunications services in the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee; and
WHEREAS, Level 3 is or seeks to become a CLEC authorized to provide
telecommunications services in the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee; and
WHEREAS, Level 3 wishes to resell BellSouth’s telecommunications services and
purchase network elements and other services, and, solely in connection therewith, may wish to
utilize collocation space as set forth in Attachment 4 of this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the Parties wish to interconnect their facilities and exchange traffic
pursuant to Sections 251 and 252 of the Act.
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein,
BellSouth and Level 3 agree as follows:
Definitions
In the event a modification occurs pursuant to an effective change in law to the
definitions set forth below in this Agreement during the term of this Agreement,
the Parties will modify the Agreement as provided forth in Section 14.3 of the
Agreement.
Affiliate is defined as a person that (directly or indirectly) owns or controls, is
owned or controlled by, or is under common ownership or control with, another
person. For purposes of this paragraph, the term “own” means to own an equity
interest (or equivalent thereof) of more than 10 percent.
Commission is defined as the appropriate regulatory agency in each state of
BellSouth’s nine-state region (Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee).
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 5 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 2
Competitive Local Exchange Carrier (CLEC) means a telephone company
certificated by the Commission to provide local exchange service within
BellSouth's franchised area.
Effective Date is defined as the date that the Agreement is effective for purposes
of rates, terms and conditions and shall be thirty (30) days after the date of the last
signature executing the Agreement. Future amendments for rate changes will also
be effective thirty (30) days after the date of the last signature executing the
amendment.
End User means the ultimate user of the Telecommunications Service.
FCC means the Federal Communications Commission.
General Terms and Conditions means this document including all of the terms,
provisions and conditions set forth herein.
Telecommunications means the transmission, between or among points specified
by the user, of information of the user’s choosing, without change in the form or
content of the information as sent and received.
Telecommunications Service means the offering of telecommunications for a fee
directly to the public, or to such classes of users as to be effectively available
directly to the public, regardless of the facilities used
Telecommunications Act of 1996 (Act) means Public Law 104-104 of the United
States Congress effective February 8, 1996. The Act amended the
Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. Section 1 et. seq.).
1. CLEC Certification
1.1 Prior to execution of this Agreement, Level 3 agrees to provide BellSouth in
writing Level 3’s CLEC certification for all states covered by this Agreement
except Kentucky prior to BellSouth filing this Agreement with the appropriate
Commission for approval. If at the time of the filing of this Agreement, Level 3
has previously provided such information for those states where the Parties have
operated under a prior interconnection agreement, Level 3 will not have to
provide such information again.
1.2 To the extent Level 3 is not certified as a CLEC in each state covered by this
Agreement as of the execution hereof, Level 3 will notify BellSouth in writing
and provide CLEC certification when it becomes certified to operate in any other
state covered by this Agreement. Upon notification, BellSouth will file this
Agreement with the appropriate Commission for approval.
2. Term of the Agreement
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 6 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 3
2.1 The term of this Agreement shall be three years, beginning on the Effective Date
and shall apply to the BellSouth territory in the state(s) of Alabama, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and
Tennessee. Notwithstanding any prior agreement of the Parties, the rates, terms
and conditions of this Agreement shall not be applied retroactively prior to the
Effective Date.
2.2 The Parties agree that by no earlier than two hundred seventy (270) days and no
later than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of this
Agreement, either Party may provide notice of intent to renegotiate, and the
Parties shall commence negotiations for a new agreement to be effective
beginning on the expiration date of this Agreement (Subsequent Agreement).
2.3 If, within one hundred and thirty-five (135) days of commencing the negotiation
referred to in Section 2.2 above, the Parties are unable to negotiate new terms,
conditions and prices for a Subsequent Agreement, either Party may petition the
Commission to establish appropriate terms, conditions and prices for the
Subsequent Agreement pursuant to 47 U.S.C. 252.
2.4 If, as of the expiration of this Agreement, a Subsequent Agreement has not been
executed by the Parties, and the Parties are not yet in arbitration, this Agreement
shall continue on a month-to-month basis while a Subsequent Agreement is
actively being negotiated in good faith or alternatively, a timely petition has been
filed with the respective state public service commission and the Subsequent
Agreement is subject to the respective state Commission arbitration pursuant to
252 of the Act. Upon conversion to a month-to-month term, during such
negotiations, provided that the Parties are not in arbitration, then either Party, in its
discretion, may terminate this Agreement upon sixty (60) days written notice to the
other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agreement cannot be terminated
prior to 180 days after the original expiration date. In the event that BellSouth
terminates this Agreement as provided herein, BellSouth shall continue to provide
services to Level 3 pursuant to (1) the terms, conditions and rates set forth in
BellSouth's standard interconnection agreement then in effect and made available
to CLECs requesting negotiations pursuant to Section 251 of the Act, or (2) an
agreement adopted by Level 3 pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement. Neither
Party shall refuse to provide services to the other Party during the negotiation of
the Subsequent Agreement or the transition from this Agreement to the
Subsequent Agreement.
2.5 In the event that BellSouth’s standard interconnection agreement, or an agreement
adopted by Level 3 under Section 13 becomes effective between the Parties, the
Parties may continue to negotiate a Subsequent Agreement or arbitrate disputed
issues to reach a Subsequent Agreement as set forth in Section 2.3 above, and the
terms of such Subsequent Agreement shall be effective as of the effective date
stated in such Subsequent Agreement and shall not be applied retroactively to the
expiration date of this Agreement unless the Parties agree otherwise.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 7 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 4
3. Operational Support Systems
Level 3 shall pay charges for Operational Support Systems (OSS) as set forth in
this Agreement.
4. Parity
When Level 3 purchases Telecommunications Services from BellSouth pursuant to
Attachment 1 of this Agreement for the purposes of resale to End Users, such
services shall be equal in quality, subject to the same conditions, and provided
within the same provisioning time intervals that BellSouth provides to its Affiliates,
subsidiaries and End Users. To the extent technically feasible, the quality of a
Network Element, as well as the quality of the access to such Network Element
provided by BellSouth to Level 3 shall be at least equal in quality to that which
BellSouth provides to itself, its Affiliates or any other Telecommunications carrier.
The quality of the interconnection between the network of BellSouth and the
network of Level 3 shall be at a level that is equal to that which BellSouth provides
itself, a subsidiary, an Affiliate, or any other party. The interconnection facilities
shall be designed to meet the same technical criteria and service standards that are
used within BellSouth’s network and shall extend to a consideration of service
quality as perceived by BellSouth’s End Users and service quality as perceived by
Level 3.
Not withstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of a
conflict between applicable law and a BellSouth Technical Reference (TR), Level 3
reserves the right to dispute under the resolution of disputes procedures contained
in Section 10 of the General Terms and Conditions.
5. White Pages Listings
5.1 BellSouth shall provide Level 3 and its customers access to white pages
directory listings under the following terms:
5.1.1 Listings. Level 3 shall provide all new, changed and deleted listings on a timely
basis and BellSouth or its agent will include Level 3 residential and business
customer listings in the appropriate White Pages (residential and business) or
alphabetical directories in the geographic areas covered by this Interconnection
Agreement, in parity with BellSouth’s own customer listings. As such, Directory
listings will make no distinction between Level 3 and BellSouth subscribers.
5.1.2 Rates. So long as Level 3 provides subscriber listing information (SLI) to
BellSouth in accordance with Section 5.2 below, BellSouth shall provide to Level
3 one (1) primary White Pages listing per Level 3 subscriber at no charge other
than applicable service order charges as set forth in BellSouth’s tariffs.
5.2 Procedures for Submitting Level 3 SLI are found in The BellSouth Business
Rules for Local Ordering available on the BellSouth website at:
www.interconnection.bellsouth.com.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 8 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 5
5.2.1 Level 3 authorizes BellSouth to release all Level 3 SLI provided to BellSouth by
Level 3 to qualifying Directory Publishers via either license agreement or
BellSouth’s Directory Publishers Database Service (DPDS), General Subscriber
Services Tariff (GSST), Section A38.2, as the same may be amended from time to
time. Such Level 3 SLI shall be intermingled with BellSouth’s own customer
listings and listings of any other CLEC that has authorized a similar release of SLI.
5.2.2 So long as Level 3 provides subscriber listing information (SLI) to BellSouth in
accordance with Section 5.2 above, BellSouth will not charge Level 3 for the
release of Level 3’s SLI to Directory Publishers. Rather, BellSouth will recover
the cost of providing Level 3’s SLI to Directory Publishers from the requesting
Directory Publisher.
No compensation shall be paid to Level 3 for BellSouth’s receipt of Level 3 SLI,
or the subsequent release to Directory Publishers of such SLI. In addition, to the
extent BellSouth incurs costs to modify its systems to enable the release of Level
3’s SLI, or costs on an ongoing basis to administer the release of Level 3 SLI,
Level 3 shall pay to BellSouth its proportionate share of the reasonable costs
associated therewith. At any time that costs may be incurred to administer the
release of Level 3’s SLI, Level 3 will be notified. If Level 3 does not wish to pay
its proportionate share of these reasonable costs, Level 3 may instruct BellSouth
that it does not wish to release its SLI to independent publishers, and Level 3 shall
amend this Agreement accordingly. Level 3 will be liable for all costs incurred
until the effective date of the amendment
5.2.3 Neither BellSouth nor any agent shall be liable for the content or accuracy of any
SLI provided by Level 3 under this Agreement, except where the inaccuracy is due
to the willful misconduct or gross negligence of BellSouth or its agent arising after
the SLI was provided by Level 3. Except as otherwise provided, BellSouth will
forward to Level 3 any complaints received by BellSouth relating to the accuracy
or quality of Level 3 listings.
5.2.4 Listings and subsequent updates will be released consistent with BellSouth system
changes and/or update scheduling requirements.
5.3 Unlisted/Non-Published Subscribers. Level 3 will be required to provide to
BellSouth the names, addresses and telephone numbers of all Level 3 customers
who wish to be omitted from directories. Unlisted/Non-Published SLI will be
subject to the rates as set forth in BellSouth’s GSST.
5.4 Inclusion of Level 3 End Users in Directory Assistance Database. BellSouth will
include and maintain Level 3 subscriber listings in BellSouth’s Directory
Assistance databases at no recurring charge and Level 3 shall provide such
Directory Assistance listings to BellSouth at no recurring charge.
5.5 Listing Information Confidentiality. BellSouth will afford Level 3’s directory
listing information the same level of confidentiality that BellSouth affords its own
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 9 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 6
directory listing information, and BellSouth shall limit Level 3’s customer
proprietary confidential directory information to the appropriate BellSouth
employees.
5.6 Additional and Designer Listings. Additional and designer listings will be offered
by BellSouth at tariffed rates as set forth in the General Subscriber Services
Tariff.
5.7 Directories. BellSouth or its agent shall deliver White Pages directories to Level
3 subscribers at no charge and in the same manner, time and quantity as it
provides its own customers.
6. Court Ordered Requests for Call Detail Records and Other Subscriber
Information
6.1 Subpoenas Directed to BellSouth. Where BellSouth provides resold services or
local switching for Level 3, BellSouth shall respond to subpoenas and court
ordered requests delivered directly to BellSouth for the purpose of providing call
detail records when the targeted telephone numbers belong to Level 3 End
Users. Billing for such requests will be generated by BellSouth and directed to
the law enforcement agency initiating the request. BellSouth shall maintain such
information for Level 3 End Users for the same length of time it maintains such
information for its own End Users.
6.2 Subpoenas Directed to Level 3. Where BellSouth is providing to Level 3
Telecommunications Services for resale or providing to Level 3 the local
switching function, then Level 3 agrees that in those cases where Level 3
receives subpoenas or court ordered requests regarding targeted telephone
numbers belonging to Level 3 End Users, and where Level 3 does not have the
requested information, Level 3 will advise the law enforcement agency initiating
the request to redirect the subpoena or court ordered request to BellSouth for
handling in accordance with 6.1 above.
6.3 In all other instances, where either Party receives a request for information
involving the other Party’s End User, the Party receiving the request will advise
the law enforcement agency initiating the request to redirect such request to the
other Party.
7. Liability and Indemnification
7.1 Level 3 Liability. In the event that Level 3 consists of two (2) or more separate
entities that order, purchase or otherwise provide services, or products, or have
obligations under this Agreement and/or any Amendments hereto, all such
entities shall be jointly and severally liable for the obligations of Level 3 under
this Agreement.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 10 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 7
7.2 Liability for Acts or Omissions of Third Parties. Neither BellSouth nor Level 3
shall be liable for any act or omission of another telecommunications company
providing services to either Party.
7.3 Limitation of Liability
7.3.1 Except for any indemnification obligations of the Parties hereunder, or except in
the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct, each Party’s liability to the
other for any loss, cost, claim, injury, liability or expense, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees relating to or arising out of any negligent act or omission in its
performance of this Agreement, whether in contract or in tort, shall be limited to a
credit for the actual cost of the services or functions not performed or improperly
performed.
7.3.2 Limitations in Tariffs and Contracts. A Party may, in its sole discretion, provide in
its tariffs and contracts with its End Users and third parties that relate to any
service, product or function provided or contemplated under this Agreement, that
to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, such Party shall not be liable
to the End User or third party for (i) any loss relating to or arising out of this
Agreement, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, that exceeds the amount such
Party would have charged that applicable person for the service, product or
function that gave rise to such loss and (ii) consequential damages. To the extent
that a Party elects not to place in its tariffs or contracts such limitations of liability,
and the other Party incurs a loss as a result thereof, such Party shall indemnify and
reimburse the other Party for that portion of the loss that would have been limited
had the first Party included in its tariffs and contracts the limitations of liability that
such other Party included in its own tariffs at the time of such loss. Any such tariff
term or condition shall not contradict or modify the obligations of the Parties to
each other under this Agreement. In the event a term of the tariff conflicts with a
term in this Agreement, this Agreement shall control.
7.3.3 Neither BellSouth nor Level 3 shall be liable for damages to the other Party’s
terminal location, equipment or End User premises resulting from the furnishing of
a service, including, but not limited to, the installation and removal of equipment
or associated wiring, except to the extent caused by a Party’s negligence or willful
misconduct or by a Party’s failure to ground properly a local loop after
disconnection.
7.3.4 Except in the case of willful misconduct or gross negligence, under no
circumstance shall a Party be responsible or liable for indirect, incidental, or
consequential damages, including, but not limited to, economic loss or lost
business or profits, damages arising from the use or performance of equipment or
software, or the loss of use of software or equipment, or accessories attached
thereto, delay, error, or loss of data. In connection with this limitation of liability,
each Party recognizes that the other Party may, from time to time, provide advice,
make recommendations, or supply other analyses related to the services or
facilities described in this Agreement, and, while each Party shall use diligent
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 11 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 8
efforts in this regard, the Parties acknowledge and agree that this limitation of
liability shall apply to provision of such advice, recommendations, and analyses.
7.3.5 To the extent any specific provision of this Agreement purports to impose liability,
or limitation of liability, on either Party different from or in conflict with the
liability or limitation of liability set forth in this Section, then with respect to any
facts or circumstances covered by such specific provisions, the liability or
limitation of liability contained in such specific provision shall apply.
7.4 Indemnification for Certain Claims. The Party providing services hereunder, its
Affiliates and its parent company, shall be indemnified, defended and held
harmless by the Party receiving services hereunder against any claim, loss or
damage arising from the receiving Party’s use of the services provided under this
Agreement pertaining to (1) claims for libel, slander or invasion of privacy
arising from the content of the receiving Party’s own communications, or (2) any
claim, loss or damage claimed by the End User of the Party receiving services
arising from such company’s use or reliance on the providing Party’s services,
actions, duties, or obligations arising out of this Agreement.
7.5 Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED TO THE
CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO THE OTHER PARTY
CONCERNING THE SPECIFIC QUALITY OF ANY SERVICES, OR
FACILITIES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES
DISCLAIM, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OR
GUARANTEE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE,
COURSE OF DEALING, OR FROM USAGES OF TRADE.
8. Intellectual Property Rights and Indemnification
8.1 No License. No patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary right is
licensed, granted or otherwise transferred by this Agreement. The Parties are
strictly prohibited from any use, including but not limited to, in the selling,
marketing, promoting or advertising of telecommunications services, of any
name, service mark, logo or trademark (collectively, the “Marks”) of the Other
Party. The Marks include those Marks owned directly by a Party or its
Affiliate(s) and those Marks that a Party has a legal and valid license to use. The
Parties acknowledge that they are separate and distinct and that each provides a
separate and distinct service and agree that neither Party may, expressly or
impliedly, state, advertise or market that it is or offers the same service as the
Other Party or engage in any other activity that may result in a likelihood of
confusion between its own service and the service of the Other Party.
8.2 Ownership of Intellectual Property. Any intellectual property that originates
from or is developed by a Party shall remain the exclusive property of that Party.
Except for a limited, non-assignable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 12 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 9
use patents or copyrights to the extent necessary for the Parties to use any
facilities or equipment (including software) or to receive any service solely as
provided under this Agreement, no license in patent, copyright, trademark or
trade secret, or other proprietary or intellectual property right, now or hereafter
owned, controlled or licensable by a Party, is granted to the other Party. Neither
shall it be implied nor arise by estoppel. Any trademark, copyright or other
proprietary notices appearing in association with the use of any facilities or
equipment (including software) shall remain on the documentation, material,
product, service, equipment or software. It is the responsibility of each Party to
ensure at no additional cost to the other Party that it has obtained any necessary
licenses in relation to intellectual property of third Parties used in its network
that may be required to enable the other Party to use any facilities or equipment
(including software), to receive any service, or to perform its respective
obligations under this Agreement.
8.3 Intellectual Property Remedies
8.3.1 Indemnification. The Party providing a service pursuant to this Agreement will
defend the Party receiving such service or data provided as a result of such service
against claims of infringement arising solely from the use by the receiving Party of
such service in the manner contemplated under this Agreement and will indemnify
the receiving Party for any damages awarded based solely on such claims in
accordance with Section 7 preceding.
8.3.2 Claim of Infringement. In the event that use of any facilities or equipment
(including software), becomes, or in the reasonable judgment of the Party who
owns the affected network is likely to become, the subject of a claim, action, suit,
or proceeding based on intellectual property infringement, then said Party shall
promptly and at its sole expense and sole option, but subject to the limitations of
liability set forth below:
8.3.2.1 modify or replace the applicable facilities or equipment (including software) while
maintaining form and function, or
8.3.2.2 obtain a license sufficient to allow such use to continue.
8.3.2.3 In the event Section 8.3.2.1 or 8.3.2.2 are commercially unreasonable after the
exercise of best efforts over a reasonable period of time, then said Party may
terminate, upon reasonable notice, the use of, or services provided through use of,
the affected facilities or equipment (including software), but solely to the extent
required to avoid the infringement claim.
8.3.3 Exception to Obligations. Neither Party's obligations under this Section shall apply
to the extent the infringement is caused by: (i) modification of the facilities or
equipment (including software) by the indemnitee; (ii) use by the indemnitee of the
facilities or equipment (including software) in combination with equipment or
facilities (including software) not provided or authorized by the indemnitor,
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 13 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 10
provided the facilities or equipment (including software) would not be infringing if
used alone; (iii) conformance to specifications of the indemnitee which would
necessarily result in infringement; or (iv) continued use by the indemnitee of the
affected facilities or equipment (including software) after being placed on notice to
discontinue use as set forth herein.
8.3.4 Exclusive Remedy. The foregoing shall constitute the Parties' sole and exclusive
remedies and obligations with respect to a third party claim of intellectual property
infringement arising out of the conduct of business under this Agreement.
8.4 Dispute Resolution. Any claim arising under this Section 8 shall be excluded
from the dispute resolution procedures set forth in Section 10 and shall be
brought in a court of competent jurisdiction.
9. Proprietary and Confidential Information
9.1 Proprietary and Confidential Information. It may be necessary for BellSouth and
Level 3, each as the “Discloser,” to provide to the other Party, as “Recipient,”
certain proprietary and confidential information (including trade secret
information) including but not limited to technical, financial, marketing, staffing
and business plans and information, strategic information, proposals, request for
proposals, specifications, drawings, maps, prices, costs, costing methodologies,
procedures, processes, business systems, software programs, techniques,
customer account data, call detail records and like information (collectively the
“Information”). All such Information conveyed in writing or other tangible form
shall be clearly marked with a confidential or proprietary legend. Information
conveyed orally by the Discloser to Recipient shall be designated as proprietary
and confidential at the time of such oral conveyance, shall be reduced to writing
by the Discloser within forty-five (45) days thereafter, and shall be clearly
marked with a confidential or proprietary legend.
9.2 Use and Protection of Information. Recipient agrees to protect such Information
of the Discloser provided to Recipient from whatever source from distribution,
disclosure or dissemination to anyone except employees of Recipient with a need
to know such Information solely in conjunction with Recipient’s analysis of the
Information and for no other purpose except as authorized herein or as otherwise
authorized in writing by the Discloser. Recipient may also provide Information
to its attorneys and consultants, provided that the individual attorneys or
consultants agree to be bound by the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement
as agents of the Recipient under this Agreement. Recipient will not make any
copies of the Information inspected by it. BellSouth and Level 3 will use the
same standard of care to protect Information received as they would use to
protect their own confidential and proprietary Information.
9.3 Exceptions. Recipient will not have an obligation to protect any portion of the
Information which:
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 14 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 11
9.3.1 (a) is made publicly available by the Discloser or lawfully by a nonparty to this
Agreement; (b) is lawfully obtained by Recipient from any source other than
Discloser who has the legal authority to possess and disclose the Information; (c)
is previously known to Recipient without an obligation to keep it confidential; or
(d) is released from the terms of this Agreement by Discloser upon written notice
to Recipient.
9.4 Recipient agrees to use the Information solely for the purposes of negotiations
pursuant to 47 U.S.C. 251 or in performing its obligations under this Agreement
and for no other entity or purpose, except as may be otherwise agreed to in
writing by the Parties. Nothing herein shall prohibit Recipient from providing
information requested by the FCC or a state regulatory agency with jurisdiction
over this matter, or to support a request for arbitration or an allegation of failure
to negotiate in good faith; Recipient will give notice as required by the state or
federal rules or by regulatory agency rules/requirements, or if there is no
requirement, in a commercially reasonable time.
9.5 Recipient agrees not to publish or use the Information for any advertising, sales
or marketing promotions, press releases, or publicity matters that refer either
directly or indirectly to the Information or to the Discloser or any of its affiliated
companies.
9.6 The disclosure of Information neither grants nor implies any license to the
Recipient under any trademark, patent, copyright, application or other
intellectual property right that is now or may hereafter be owned by the
Discloser.
9.7 Survival of Confidentiality Obligations. The Parties’ rights and obligations under
this Section 9 shall survive and continue in effect until two (2) years after the
expiration or termination date of this Agreement with regard to all Information
exchanged during the term of this Agreement. Thereafter, the Parties’ rights and
obligations hereunder survive and continue in effect with respect to any
Information that is a trade secret under applicable law.
9.8 Each Party shall comply with rules regarding the use of Customer Proprietary
Network Information (as that term is described in the Act) as set forth in Section
222 of the Act and in effective and applicable FCC rules and orders.
10. Resolution of Disputes
10.1 Except for procedures that outline the resolution of billing disputes which are set
forth in Section 2 of Attachment 7, each Party agrees to notify the other Party in
writing of a dispute concerning this Agreement. If the Parties are unable to
resolve the issues relating to the dispute in the normal course of business within
thirty (30) days after delivery of notice of the dispute, each of the parties shall
appoint a designated representative who has authority to settle the dispute and
who is at a higher level of management than the persons with direct responsibility
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 15 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 12
for administration of this Agreement. The designated representatives shall meet
as often as they reasonably deem necessary in order to discuss the dispute and
negotiate in good faith in an effort to resolve such dispute
10.2 If the Parties are unable to resolve issues related to the dispute within thirty (30)
days after the Parties’ appointment of designated representatives pursuant to
Section 10.1, then either Party may file a complaint with the Commission to
resolve such issues, or as explicitly otherwise provided for in this Agreement,
may proceed with any other remedy pursuant to law or equity.
10.3 Except as otherwise stated in this Agreement, or for such matters which lie
outside the jurisdiction or expertise of the Commission or FCC, if any dispute
arises as to the enforcement of terms and conditions of this Agreement, and/or as
to the interpretation of any provision of this Agreement, the aggrieved party, to
the extent seeking resolution of such dispute, must seek such resolution before
the Commission or the FCC in accordance with the Act. Each Party reserves
any rights it may have to seek judicial review of any ruling made by the
Commission concerning this Agreement. Either Party may seek expedited
resolution by the Commission. During the Commission preceding each Party
shall continue to perform its obligations under this Agreement; provided,
however, that neither Party shall be required to act in an unlawful fashion.
10.4 Except to the extent the Commission is authorized to grant temporary equitable
relief with respect to a dispute arising as to the enforcement of terms and
conditions of this Agreement, and/or as to the interpretation of any provision of
this Agreement, this Section 10 shall not prevent either Party from seeking any
temporary equitable relief, including a temporary restraining order, in a court of
competent jurisdiction.
10.5 In addition to Sections 10.1 and 10.2 above, each Party shall have the right to
seek legal and equitable remedies on any and all legal and equitable theories in
any court of competent jurisdiction for any and all claims, causes of action, or
other proceedings not arising: (i) as to the enforcement of any provision of this
Agreement, or (ii) as to the enforcement or interpretation under applicable
federal or state telecommunications law. Moreover, if the Commission would
not have authority to grant an award of damages after issuing a ruling finding
fault or liability in connection with a dispute under this Agreement, either Party
may pursue such award in any court of competent jurisdiction after such
Commission finding.
11. Taxes
11.1 Definition. For purposes of this Section, the terms “taxes” and “fees” shall
include but not be limited to federal, state or local sales, use, excise, gross
receipts or other taxes or tax-like fees of whatever nature and however
designated (including tariff surcharges and any fees, charges or other payments,
contractual or otherwise, for the use of public streets or rights of way, whether
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 16 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 13
designated as franchise fees or otherwise) imposed, or sought to be imposed, on
or with respect to the services furnished hereunder or measured by the charges
or payments therefore, excluding any taxes levied on income or real or personal
property.
11.2 Taxes and Fees Imposed Directly On Either Providing Party or Purchasing Party.
11.2.1 Taxes and fees imposed on the providing Party, which are not permitted or
required to be passed on by the providing Party to its customer, shall be borne and
paid by the providing Party.
11.2.2 Taxes and fees imposed on the purchasing Party, which are not required to be
collected and/or remitted by the providing Party, shall be borne and paid by the
purchasing Party.
11.3 Taxes and Fees Imposed on Purchasing Party But Collected And Remitted By
Providing Party.
11.3.1 Taxes and fees imposed on the purchasing Party shall be borne by the purchasing
Party, even if the obligation to collect and/or remit such taxes or fees is placed on
the providing Party.
11.3.2 To the extent permitted by applicable law, any such taxes and/or fees shall be
shown as separate items on applicable billing documents between the Parties.
Each Party will use its best efforts to ensure that any such taxes or fees are billed
or presented in a timely manner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the purchasing
Party shall remain liable for any such taxes and fees regardless of whether they are
actually billed by the providing Party at the time that the respective service is
billed.
11.3.3 If the purchasing Party determines that in its opinion any such taxes or fees are not
payable, the providing Party shall not bill such taxes or fees to the purchasing Party
if the purchasing Party provides written certification, reasonably satisfactory to the
providing Party, stating that it is exempt or otherwise not subject to the tax or fee,
setting forth the basis therefore, and satisfying any other requirements under
applicable law. If any authority seeks to collect any such tax or fee that the
purchasing Party has determined and certified not to be payable, or any such tax or
fee that was not billed by the providing Party, the purchasing Party may contest the
same in good faith, at its own expense. In any such contest, the purchasing Party
shall promptly furnish the providing Party with copies of all filings in any
proceeding, protest, or legal challenge, all rulings issued in connection therewith,
and all correspondence between the purchasing Party and the taxing authority.
11.3.4 In the event that all or any portion of an amount sought to be collected must be
paid in order to contest the imposition of any such tax or fee, or to avoid the
existence of a lien on the assets of the providing Party during the pendency of such
contest, the purchasing Party shall be responsible for such payment and shall be
entitled to the benefit of any refund or recovery.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 17 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 14
11.3.5 If it is ultimately determined that any additional amount of such a tax or fee is due
to the imposing authority, the purchasing Party shall pay such additional amount,
including any interest and penalties thereon.
11.3.6 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the purchasing Party shall protect,
indemnify and hold harmless (and defend at the purchasing Party’s expense) the
providing Party from and against any such tax or fee, interest or penalties thereon,
or other charges or payable expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) with
respect thereto, which are incurred by the providing Party in connection with any
claim for or contest of any such tax or fee.
11.3.7 Each Party shall notify the other Party in writing of any assessment, proposed
assessment or other claim for any additional amount of such a tax or fee by a
taxing authority; such notice to be provided, if possible, at least ten (10) days prior
to the date by which a response, protest or other appeal must be filed, but in no
event later than thirty (30) days after receipt of such assessment, proposed
assessment or claim.
11.4 Taxes and Fees Imposed on Providing Party But Passed On To Purchasing
Party.
11.4.1 Taxes and fees imposed on the providing Party, which are permitted or required to
be passed on by the providing Party to its customer, shall be borne by the
purchasing Party.
11.4.2 To the extent permitted by applicable law, any such taxes and/or fees shall be
shown as separate items on applicable billing documents between the Parties.
Each Party will use its best efforts to ensure that any such taxes or fees are billed
or presented in a timely manner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the purchasing
Party shall remain liable for any such taxes and fees regardless of whether they are
actually billed by the providing Party at the time that the respective service is
billed.
11.4.3 If the purchasing Party disagrees with the providing Party’s determination as to the
application or basis for any such tax or fee, the Parties shall consult with respect to
the imposition and billing of such tax or fee. If, after consultation in accordance
with the preceding sentence, the purchasing Party does not agree with the
providing Party's final determination as to the application or basis of a particular
tax or fee, and if the providing Party, after receipt of a written request by the
purchasing Party to contest the imposition of such tax or fee with the imposing
authority, fails or refuses to pursue such contest or to allow such contest by the
purchasing Party, the purchasing Party may utilize the dispute resolution process
outlined in this Agreement. Utilization of the dispute resolution process shall not
relieve the purchasing Party from liability for any tax or fee billed by the providing
Party pursuant to this subsection during the pendency of such dispute resolution
proceeding. In the event that the purchasing Party prevails in such dispute
resolution proceeding, it shall be entitled to a refund in accordance with the final
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 18 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 15
decision therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time prior to a final
decision in such dispute resolution proceeding the providing Party initiates a
contest with the imposing authority with respect to any of the issues involved in
such dispute resolution proceeding, the dispute resolution proceeding shall be
dismissed as to such common issues and the final decision rendered in the contest
with the imposing authority shall control as to such issues
11.4.4 In the event that all or any portion of an amount sought to be collected must be
paid in order to contest the imposition of any such tax or fee, or to avoid the
existence of a lien on the assets of the providing Party during the pendency of such
contest, the purchasing Party shall be responsible for such payment and shall be
entitled to the benefit of any refund or recovery.
11.4.5 If it is ultimately determined that any additional amount of such a tax or fee is due
to the imposing authority, the purchasing Party shall pay such additional amount,
including any interest and penalties thereon.
11.4.6 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the purchasing Party shall protect,
indemnify and hold harmless (and defend at the purchasing Party’s expense) the
providing Party from and against any such tax or fee, interest or penalties thereon,
or other reasonable charges or payable expenses (including reasonable attorneys’
fees) with respect thereto, which are incurred by the providing Party in connection
with any claim for or contest of any such tax or fee.
11.4.7 Each Party shall notify the other Party in writing of any assessment, proposed
assessment or other claim for any additional amount of such a tax or fee by a
taxing authority; such notice to be provided, if possible, at least ten (10) days prior
to the date by which a response, protest or other appeal must be filed, but in no
event later than thirty (30) days after receipt of such assessment, proposed
assessment or claim.
11.5 Mutual Cooperation. In any contest of a tax or fee by one Party, the other Party
shall cooperate fully by providing records, testimony and such additional
information or assistance as may reasonably be necessary to pursue the contest.
Further, the other Party shall be reimbursed for any reasonable and necessary
out-of-pocket copying and travel expenses incurred in assisting in such contest
to the extent such assistance is expressly sought by the first Party.
12. Force Majeure
In the event performance of this Agreement, or any obligation hereunder, is either
directly or indirectly prevented, restricted, or interfered with by reason of fire,
flood, earthquake or like acts of God, wars, revolution, civil commotion,
explosion, acts of public enemy, embargo, acts of the government in its sovereign
capacity, labor difficulties, including without limitation, strikes, slowdowns,
picketing, or boycotts, unavailability of equipment from vendor, , or any other
circumstances beyond the reasonable control and without the fault or negligence of
the Party affected, the Party affected, upon giving prompt notice to the other
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 19 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 16
Party, shall be excused from such performance on a day-to-day basis to the extent
of such prevention, restriction, or interference (and the other Party shall likewise
be excused from performance of its obligations on a day-to-day basis until the
delay, restriction or interference has ceased); provided, however, that the Party so
affected shall use diligent efforts to avoid or remove such causes of non-
performance and both Parties shall proceed whenever such causes are removed or
cease. Each Party agrees to act in a nondiscriminatory manner with regard to a
Force Majeure event.
13. Adoption of Agreements
BellSouth shall make available, pursuant to 47 USC § 252 and the FCC rules and
regulations regarding such availability, to Level 3 any interconnection, service, or
network element provided under any other agreement filed and approved pursuant
to 47 USC § 252, provided a minimum of six months remains on the term of such
agreement. The Parties shall adopt all rates, terms and conditions concerning such
other interconnection, service or network element and any other rates, terms and
conditions that are legitimately related to or were negotiated in exchange for or in
conjunction with the interconnection, service or network element being adopted.
The adopted interconnection, service, or network element and agreement shall
apply to the same states as such other agreement. The term of the adopted
agreement or provisions shall expire on the same date as set forth in the agreement
that was adopted.
14. Modification of Agreement
14.1 If either Party changes its name or makes changes to its company structure or
identity due to a merger, acquisition, transfer or any other reason, it is the
responsibility of that Party to notify the other Party in writing of said change and
request that an amendment to this Agreement, if necessary, be executed to
reflect said change.
14.2 No modification, amendment, supplement to, or waiver of the Agreement or any
of its provisions shall be effective and binding upon the Parties unless it is made
in writing and duly signed by the Parties.
14.3 In the event that any effective legislative, regulatory, judicial or other legal action
materially affects any material terms of this Agreement including, but not limited
to, BellSouth practices or procedures, or the ability of Level 3 or BellSouth to
perform any material terms of this Agreement, Level 3 or BellSouth may, on
thirty (30) days’ written notice, require that such terms be renegotiated, and the
Parties shall renegotiate in good faith such mutually acceptable new terms as may
be required. In the event that such new terms are not renegotiated within ninety
(90) days after such notice, the Dispute shall be referred to the Dispute
Resolution procedure set forth in this Agreement.
15. Non-waiver of Legal Rights
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 20 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 17
Execution of this Agreement by either Party does not confirm or imply that the
executing Party agrees with any decision(s) issued pursuant to the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 and the consequences of those decisions on
specific language in this Agreement. Neither Party waives its rights to appeal or
otherwise challenge any such decision(s) and each Party reserves all of its rights to
pursue any and all legal and/or equitable remedies, including appeals of any such
decision(s).
16. Indivisibility and Severability
16.1 Subject to Section 13 (Adoption of Agreements) and Section 14 (Modification of
Agreement) of this Agreement, except as set forth below in Section 16.2
(Severability), the Parties intend that this Agreement be indivisible and
nonseverable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of the Parties
acknowledges that any provision by BellSouth of collocation space under this
Agreement is solely for the purpose of facilitating the provision of other services
under this Agreement and that neither Party would have contracted with respect to
the provisioning of collocation space under this Agreement if the covenants and
promises of the other Party with respect to the other services provided under this
Agreement had not been made. The Parties further acknowledge that this
Agreement is intended to constitute a single transaction, that the obligations of the
Parties under this Agreement are interdependent, and that payment obligations
under this Agreement are intended to be recouped against other payment
obligations under this Agreement.
16.2 Severability
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any part of this Agreement is held to be invalid
for any reason, such invalidity shall affect only the portion of the Agreement which
has been held invalid. In all other respects this Agreement shall stand as if such
invalid provision has not been a part thereof, and the remainder of the Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect.
17. Waivers
A failure or delay of either Party to enforce any of the provisions hereof, to
exercise any option which is herein provided, or to require performance of any of
the provisions hereof shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such
provisions or options, and each Party, notwithstanding such failure, shall have the
right thereafter to insist upon the performance of any and all of the provisions of
this Agreement.
18. Governing Law
Where applicable, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with federal and state substantive telecommunications law, including
rules and regulations of the FCC and appropriate Commission. In all other
respects, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 21 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 18
accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia without regard to its conflict of
laws principles.
19. Assignments
Any assignment by either Party to any non-affiliated entity of any right, obligation
or duty, or of any other interest hereunder, in whole or in part, without the prior
written consent of the other Party shall be void. A Party may assign this
Agreement in its entirety to an Affiliate of the Party without the consent of the
other Party; provided, however, that the assigning Party shall notify the other Party
in writing of such assignment thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date thereof
and, provided further, if the assignee is an assignee of Level 3, the assignee must
provide evidence of Commission CLEC certification The Parties shall amend this
Agreement to reflect such assignments and shall work cooperatively to implement
any changes required due to such assignment. All obligations and duties of any
Party under this Agreement shall be binding on all successors in interest and
assigns of such Party. No assignment or delegation hereof shall relieve the
assignor of its obligations under this Agreement in the event that the assignee fails
to perform such obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section, Level 3 shall not assign this Agreement to any Affiliate or non-affiliated
entity unless either (1) Level 3 pays all undisputed bills and assigns all rights to
disputed bills to assignee, past due and current, under this Agreement, or (2) Level
3’s assignee expressly assumes liability for payment of all bills.
20. Notices
20.1 Every notice, consent, approval, or other communications required or
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by
hand, by overnight courier or by US mail postage prepaid, address to:
BellSouth Telecommunications, Inc.
BellSouth Local Contract Manager
600 North 19th Street, 8th floor
Birmingham, AL 35203
and
ICS Attorney
Suite 4300
675 West Peachtree Street
Atlanta, GA 30375
Level 3 Communications, LLC
Director of Interconnection Services
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 22 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 19
Level 3 Communications, LLC
1025 Eldorado Blvd.
Broomfield, CO 80021
and
Vice President – Public Policy and Government Affairs
Level 3 Communications, LLC
1025 Eldorado Blvd.
Broomfield, CO 80021
or at such other address as the intended recipient previously shall have designated
by written notice to the other Party.
20.2 Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, notice by mail shall be effective on
the date it is officially recorded as delivered by return receipt or equivalent, and
in the absence of such record of delivery, it shall be presumed to have been
delivered the fifth day, or next business day after the fifth day, after it was
deposited in the mails.
20.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, BellSouth may provide Level 3 notice via
Internet posting of price changes and changes to the terms and conditions of
services available for resale per Commission Orders. BellSouth will post
changes to business processes and policies, notices of new service offerings, and
changes to service offerings not requiring an amendment to this Agreement,
notices required to be posted to BellSouth’s website, and any other information
of general applicability to CLECs.
21. Rule of Construction
No rule of construction requiring interpretation against the drafting Party hereof
shall apply in the interpretation of this Agreement.
22. Headings of No Force or Effect
The headings of Articles and Sections of this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only, and shall in no way define, modify or restrict the meaning or
interpretation of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.
23. Multiple Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, but all of which shall together constitute but one and the same
document.
24. Filing of Agreement
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 23 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 20
Upon execution of this Agreement it shall be filed with the appropriate state
regulatory agency pursuant to the requirements of Section 252 of the Act, and the
Parties shall share equally any filing fees therefore. If the regulatory agency
imposes any filing or public interest notice fees regarding the filing or approval of
the Agreement, Level 3 shall be responsible for publishing the required notice and
the publication and/or notice costs shall be borne by Level 3. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this Agreement shall not be submitted for approval by the appropriate
state regulatory agency unless and until such time as Level 3 is duly certified as a
local exchange carrier in such state, except as otherwise required by a
Commission.
25. Compliance with Applicable Law
Each Party shall comply at its own expense with applicable law.
26. Necessary Approvals
Each Party shall be responsible for obtaining and keeping in effect all approvals
from, and rights granted by, governmental authorities, building and property
owners, other carriers, and any other persons that may be required in connection
with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Each Party shall
reasonably cooperate with the other Party in obtaining and maintaining any
required approvals and rights for which such Party is responsible.
27. Good Faith Performance
Each Party shall act in good faith in its performance under this Agreement and, in
each case in which a Party’s consent or agreement is required or requested
hereunder, such Party shall not unreasonably withhold or delay such consent or
agreement.
28. Nonexclusive Dealings
This Agreement does not prevent either Party from providing or purchasing
services to or from any other person nor, except as provided in Section 252(i) of
the Act, does it obligate either Party to provide or purchase any services (except
insofar as the Parties are obligated to provide access to Interconnection, services
and Network Elements to Level 3 as a requesting carrier under the Act).
29. Rate True-Up
29.1 This section applies to Network Interconnection and/or Unbundled Network
Elements and Other Services rates that are expressly subject to true-up under
this Agreement.
29.2 The designated true-up rates shall be trued-up, either up or down, based on final
prices determined either by further agreement between the Parties, or by a final
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 24 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 21
order (including any appeals) of the Commission. The Parties shall implement
the true-up by comparing the actual volumes and demand for each item, together
with the designated true-up rates for each item, with the final prices determined
for each item. Each Party shall keep its own records upon which the true-up can
be based, and any final payment from one Party to the other shall be in an
amount agreed upon by the Parties based on such records. In the event of any
disagreement as between the records or the Parties regarding the amount of such
true-up, the Parties shall submit the matter to the Dispute Resolution process in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
30. Survival
The Parties’ obligations under this Agreement which by their nature are intended
to continue beyond the termination or expiration of this Agreement shall survive
the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
31. Entire Agreement
31.1 This Agreement means the General Terms and Conditions, the Attachments
identified in Section 31.2 below, and all documents identified therein, as such
may be amended from time to time and which are incorporated herein by
reference, all of which, when taken together, are intended to constitute one
indivisible agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and
supersedes prior agreements between the Parties relating to the subject matter
contained in this Agreement and merges all prior discussions between them.
Except as may be otherwise specified in this Agreement, this Agreement applies
prospectively from the Effective Date hereof to (a) all orders for Services placed
under any prior interconnection agreement between the Parties which are not
completed as of the Effective Date hereof and (b) all Services being provided by
either Party as of the Effective Date hereof under any prior interconnection
agreement between the Parties; provided, however, that all non-recurring
charges for orders for Services placed under any prior interconnection agreement
between the Parties that are completed prior to the Effective Date hereof and all
charges for Services provided by either Party prior to the Effective Date hereof
shall be in accordance with such prior interconnection agreement; provided,
further, that a failure of the other Party to pay any amounts due under such prior
interconnection agreement shall be deemed a failure to pay an amount due under
this Agreement and any dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the Dispute
Resolution process set forth in this Agreement. . Neither Party shall be bound
by any definition, condition, provision, representation, warranty, covenant or
promise other than as expressly stated in this Agreement or as is
contemporaneously or subsequently set forth in writing and executed by a duly
authorized officer or representative of the Party to be bound thereby.
31.2 This Agreement includes Attachments with provisions for the following:
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 25 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
General Terms and Conditions
Page 22
Resale
Network Elements and Other Services
Network Interconnection
Collocation
Access to Numbers and Number Portability
Pre-Ordering, Ordering, Provisioning, Maintenance and Repair
Billing
Rights-of-Way, Conduits and Pole Attachments
Performance Measurements
BellSouth Disaster Recovery Plan
Bona Fide Request/New Business Request Process
31.3 The following services are included as options for purchase by Level 3 pursuant
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Level 3 may elect to
purchase said services by written request to its Local Contract Manager if
applicable:
Optional Daily Usage File (ODUF)
Enhanced Optional Daily Usage File (EODUF)
Access Daily Usage File (ADUF)
Line Information Database (LIDB) Storage
Centralized Message Distribution Service (CMDS)
Calling Name (CNAM)
LNP Data Base Query Service
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 26 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
CCCS 27 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Final 5-1-04
Page 1
Attachment 1
Resale
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 28 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 2
Table of Contents
1. Discount Rates.................................................................................................................................3
2. Definition of Terms..........................................................................................................................3
3. General Provisions..........................................................................................................................3
4. BellSouth’s Provision of Services to Level 3...................................................................................7
5. Maintenance of Services..................................................................................................................9
6. Establishment of Service.................................................................................................................9
7. Discontinuance of Service..............................................................................................................10
8. Operator Services (Operator Call Processing and Directory Assistance)....................................11
9. Line Information Database (LIDB)...............................................................................................15
10. RAO Hosting............................................................................................................................15
11. Optional Daily Usage File (ODUF)............................................................................................15
12. Enhanced Optional Daily Usage File (EODUF).........................................................................15
Resale Restrictions Exhibit A
Line Information Database (LIDB) Storage Agreemt Exhibit B
Optional Daily Usage File (ODUF) Exhibit C
Enhanced Option Daily Usage File (EODUF) Exhibit D
Resale Discounts and Rates Exhibit E
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 29 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 3
RESALE
1. Discount Rates
1.1 The discount rates applied to Level 3 purchases of BellSouth Telecommunications
Services for the purpose of resale shall be as set forth in Exhibit E. Such discounts
have been determined by the applicable Commission.
1.2 The telecommunications services available for purchase by Level 3 for the
purposes of resale to Level 3’s End Users shall be available at BellSouth’s tariffed
rates less the discount set forth in Exhibit E to this Agreement and subject to the
exclusions and limitations set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement.
2. Definition of Terms
2.1 COMPETITIVE LOCAL EXCHANGE COMPANY (CLEC) means a telephone
company certificated by the Commission to provide local exchange service within
BellSouth's franchised area.
2.2 CUSTOMER OF RECORD means the entity responsible for placing application
for service; requesting additions, rearrangements, maintenance or discontinuance
of service; payment in full of charges incurred such as non-recurring, monthly
recurring, toll, directory assistance, etc.
2.3 DEPOSIT means assurance provided by a customer in the form of cash, surety
bond or bank letter of credit to be held by BellSouth.
2.4 END USER means the ultimate user of the Telecommunications Service.
2.5 END USER CUSTOMER LOCATION means the physical location of the
premises where an End User makes use of the telecommunications services.
2.6 NEW SERVICES means functions, features or capabilities that are not currently
offered by BellSouth. This includes packaging of existing services or combining a
new function, feature or capability with an existing service.
2.7 RESALE means an activity wherein a certificated CLEC, such as Level 3,
subscribes to the telecommunications services of BellSouth and then offers those
telecommunications services to the public.
3. General Provisions
3.1 All of the negotiated rates, terms and conditions set forth in this Attachment
pertain to the resale of BellSouth’s retail telecommunications services and other
services specified in this Attachment. Subject to effective and applicable FCC and
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 30 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 4
Commission rules and orders, BellSouth shall make available to Level 3 for resale
those telecommunications services BellSouth makes available, pursuant to its
General Subscriber Services Tariff and Private Line Services Tariff, to customers
who are not telecommunications carriers.
3.1.1 When Level 3 provides Resale service in a cross boundary area (areas that are part
of the local serving area of another state's exchange) the rates, regulations and
discounts for the tariffing state will apply. Billing will be from the serving state
3.1.2 In Tennessee, if Level 3 does not resell Lifeline service to any end users, and if
Level 3 agrees to order an appropriate Operator Services/Directory Assistance
block as set forth in BellSouth's General Subscriber Services Tariff, the discount
shall be 21.56%.
3.1.2.1 In the event Level 3 resells Lifeline service to any end user in Tennessee,
BellSouth will begin applying the 16% discount rate to all services. Upon Level 3
and BellSouth's implementation of a billing arrangement whereby a separate
Master Account (Q-account) associated with a separate Operating Customer
Number (OCN) is established for billing of Lifeline service end users, the discount
shall be applied as set forth in 3.1.2 preceding for the non-Lifeline affected Master
Account (Q-account).
3.1.2.2 Level 3 must provide written notification to BellSouth within 30 days prior to
either providing its own operator services/ directory services or orders the
appropriate operator services/directory assistance blocking, to qualify for the
higher discount rate of 21.56%.
3.2 Level 3 may purchase resale services from BellSouth for its own use in operating
its business. The resale discount will apply to those services under the following
conditions:
3.2.1 Level 3 must resell services to other End Users.
3.2.2 Level 3 cannot be a competitive local exchange telecommunications company for
the single purpose of selling to itself.
3.3 Level 3 will be the customer of record for all services purchased from BellSouth.
Except as specified herein, BellSouth will take orders from, bill and receive
payment from Level 3 for said services.
3.4 Level 3 will be BellSouth's single point of contact for all services purchased
pursuant to this Agreement. BellSouth shall have no contact with the End User
except to the extent provided for herein. Each Party shall provide to the other a
nation wide (50 states) toll-free contact number for purposes of repair and
maintenance.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 31 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 5
3.5 BellSouth will continue to bill the End User for any services that the End User
specifies it wishes to receive directly from BellSouth. BellSouth maintains the right
to serve directly any End User within the service area of Level 3. BellSouth will
continue to market directly its own telecommunications products and services and
in doing so may establish independent relationships with End Users of Level 3.
Neither Party shall interfere with the right of any person or entity to obtain service
directly from the other Party.
3.5.1 When an End User of Level 3 or BellSouth elects to change his/her carrier to the
other Party, both Parties agree to release the End User’s service to the other Party
concurrent with the due date of the service order, which shall be established based
on the standard interval for the End User’s requested service as set forth in
Attachment 6 of this Agreement.
3.5.2 BellSouth and Level 3 will refrain from contacting an End User who has placed or
whose selected carrier has placed on the End User's behalf an order to change the
End User's service provider from BellSouth or Level 3 to the other Party until such
time that the order for service has been completed.
3.6 Current telephone numbers may normally be retained by the End User and are
assigned to the service furnished. However, neither Party nor the End User has a
property right to the telephone number or any other call number designation
associated with services furnished by BellSouth or Level 3, and no right to the
continuance of service through any particular central office. BellSouth reserves
the right to change such numbers, or the central office designation associated with
such numbers, or both, whenever BellSouth deems it necessary to do so in the
conduct of its business and in accordance with BellSouth practices and procedures,
consistent with applicable law, on a nondiscriminatory basis.
3.7 Where BellSouth provides resold services to Level 3, BellSouth will provide Level
3 with on-line access to intermediate telephone numbers in accordance with
Attachment 5, Section 1.
3.8 BellSouth will allow Level 3 to designate up to 100 intermediate telephone
numbers per CLLIC, for Level 3’s sole use. Assignment, reservation and use of
telephone numbers shall be in accordance with Attachment 5, Section 1.
3.9 Service is furnished subject to the condition that it will not be used for any
unlawful purpose.
3.10 Service will be discontinued if any law enforcement agency advises that the service
being used is in violation of the law.
3.11 BellSouth can refuse service when it has grounds to believe that service will be
used in violation of the law.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 32 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 6
3.12 BellSouth will cooperate with law enforcement agencies with subpoenas and court
orders relating to Level 3's End Users, pursuant to Section 6 of the General Terms
and Conditions.
3.13 If Level 3 or its End Users utilize a BellSouth resold telecommunications service
as described in the BellSouth retail tariff in violation of BellSouth’s retail tariffs,
Level 3 has the responsibility, to the extent that it is aware of such violation, to
notify BellSouth. BellSouth will only provision and maintain said service
consistent with the terms and conditions of the tariff describing said service on a
nondiscriminatory basis. .
3.14 Facilities and/or equipment utilized by BellSouth to provide service to Level 3
remain the property of BellSouth.
3.15 White page directory listings for Level 3 End Users will be provided in accordance
with Section 5 of the General Terms and Conditions.
3.16 Service Ordering and Operational Support Systems (OSS)
3.16.1 Level 3 must order services through resale interfaces, i.e., the Local Carrier
Service Center (LCSC) and/or appropriate Complex Resale Support Group
(CRSG) pursuant to this Agreement. BellSouth has developed and made available
the interactive interfaces by which Level 3 may submit a Local Service Request
(LSR) electronically as set forth in Attachment 2 of this Agreement. Service
orders will be in a standard format designated by BellSouth.
3.16.2 LSRs submitted by means of one of these interactive interfaces will incur an OSS
electronic charge as set forth in Exhibit E to this Agreement. An individual LSR
will be identified for billing purposes by its Purchase Order Number (PON). LSRs
submitted by means other than one of these interactive interfaces (Mail, fax,
courier, etc.) will incur a manual order charge as set forth in Exhibit E to this
Agreement. Supplements or clarifications to a previously billed LSR will not incur
another OSS charge.
3.16.3 Denial/Restoral OSS Charge. In the event Level 3 provides a list of customers to
be denied and restored, rather than an LSR, each location on the list will require a
separate PON and therefore will be billed as one LSR per location.
3.16.4 Cancellation OSS Charge. Level 3 will incur an OSS charge for an accepted LSR
that is later canceled provided BellSouth has processed the LSR in accordance
with Attachment 6, Sections 3.4 through 3.6.
3.17 Where available to BellSouth’s End Users, BellSouth shall provide the following
telecommunications services at a discount to allow for voice mail services:
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 33 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 7
• Message Waiting Indicator (“MWI”), stutter dialtone and message waiting
light feature capabilities
• Call Forward Busy Line (“CF/B”)
• Call Forward Don’t Answer (“CF/DA”)
Further, BellSouth messaging services set forth in BellSouth’s Messaging Service
Information Package shall be made available for resale without the wholesale
discount.
3.18 BellSouth shall provide branding for, or shall unbrand, voice mail services for
Level 3 per the Bona Fide Request/New Business Request process as set forth in
Attachment 11 of this Agreement.
3.19 BellSouth’s Inside Wire Maintenance Service Plan is available for resale at rates,
terms and conditions as set forth by BellSouth and without the wholesale discount.
3.20 In the event Level 3 acquires an end user whose service is provided pursuant to a
BellSouth Special Assembly, BellSouth shall make available to Level 3 that Special
Assembly at the wholesale discount at Level 3’s option. Level 3 shall be
responsible for all terms and conditions of such Special Assembly including but not
limited to termination liability if applicable.
3.21 BellSouth shall provide 911/E911 for Level 3 customers in the same manner that it
is provided to BellSouth customers. BellSouth shall provide and validate Level 3
customer information to the PSAP. BellSouth shall use its service order process to
update and maintain, on the same schedule that it uses for its customers, the Level
3 customer service information in the ALI/DMS (Automatic Location
Identification/Location Information) databases used to support 911/E911 services.
3.22 BellSouth shall bill, and Level 3 shall pay, the End User line charge associated with
implementing Number Portability as set forth in BellSouth's FCC No. 1 tariff. This
charge is not subject to the wholesale discount.
3.23 Pursuant to 47 CFR Section 51.617, BellSouth shall bill to Level 3, and Level 3
shall pay, the End User common line charges identical to the End User common
line charges BellSouth bills its End Users.
4. BellSouth’s Provision of Services to Level 3
4.1 Resale of BellSouth services shall be as follows:
4.1.1 The resale of telecommunications services shall be limited to users and uses
conforming to the class of service restrictions.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 34 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 8
4.1.2 Hotel and Hospital PBX services are the only telecommunications services
available for resale to Hotel/Motel and Hospital End Users, respectively.
Similarly, Access Line Service for Customer Provided Coin Telephones is the only
local service available for resale to Payphone Service Provider (PSP) customers.
Shared Tenant Service customers can only be sold those local exchange access
services available in BellSouth’s A23 Shared Tenant Service Tariff in the states of
Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina, and in A27 in the states of
Alabama, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi and Tennessee.
4.1.3 BellSouth reserves the right to periodically audit services purchased by Level 3 to
establish authenticity of use. Such audit shall not occur more than once in a
calendar year. Level 3 shall make any and all records and data available to
BellSouth or BellSouth’s auditors on a reasonable basis. BellSouth shall bear the
cost of said audit. Any information provided by Level 3 for purposes of such audit
shall be deemed Confidential Information pursuant to the General Terms and
Conditions of this Agreement.
4.2 Resold services are subject to the same terms and conditions as are specified for
such services when furnished to an individual End User of BellSouth in the
appropriate section of BellSouth’s Tariffs. Specific tariff features (e.g. a usage
allowance per month) shall not be aggregated across multiple resold services.
Exclusions and limitations on services available for resale are defined in Exhibit A
of this Attachment.
4.3 Level 3 may resell services in accordance with the rules and regulations of the
Commission.
4.4 If Level 3 cancels an order for resold services, any costs incurred by BellSouth in
conjunction with provisioning of such order will be recovered in accordance with
BellSouth’s General Subscriber Services Tariffs and Private Line Services Tariffs.
4.5 Service Jointly Provisioned with an Independent Company or Competitive Local
Exchange Company Areas
4.5.1 BellSouth will in some instances provision resold services in accordance with the
General Subscriber Services Tariff and Private Line Tariffs jointly with an
Independent Company or other Competitive Local Exchange Carrier.
4.5.2 When Level 3 assumes responsibility for such service, all terms and conditions
defined in the Tariff will apply for services provided within the BellSouth service
area only.
4.5.3 Service terminating in an Independent Company or other Competitive Local
Exchange Carrier area will be provisioned and billed by the Independent Company
or other Competitive Local Exchange Carrier directly to Level 3.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 35 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 9
4.5.4 Level 3 must establish a billing arrangement with the Independent Company or
other Competitive Local Exchange Carrier prior to assuming an end user account
where such circumstances apply.
4.5.5 Specific guidelines regarding such services are available on BellSouth's website @
www.interconnection.bellsouth.com.
5. Maintenance of Services
5.1 Services resold pursuant to this Attachment and BellSouth’s General Subscriber
Service Tariff and Private Line Service Tariff and facilities and equipment provided
by BellSouth shall be maintained by BellSouth.
5.2 Level 3 or its End Users may not rearrange, move, disconnect, remove or attempt
to repair any facilities owned by BellSouth except with the written consent of
BellSouth.
5.3 Level 3 accepts responsibility to notify BellSouth of situations that arise that may
result in a service problem.
5.4 Level 3 will contact the appropriate repair centers in accordance with procedures
established by BellSouth.
5.5 For all repair requests, Level 3 shall adhere to BellSouth's prescreening guidelines
prior to referring the trouble to BellSouth.
5.6 BellSouth will bill Level 3 for handling troubles that are found not to be in
BellSouth's network pursuant to its standard time and material charges. The
standard time and material charges will be no more than what BellSouth charges to
its retail customers for the same services.
5.7 BellSouth reserves the right to contact Level 3’s End Users, if deemed necessary,
for maintenance purposes. During contacts with Level 3’s End Users for
maintenance or repair of services under this Attachment, BellSouth shall not
attempt to sell or market any BellSouth service, nor shall BellSouth in any way
disparage Level 3.
6. Establishment of Service
6.1 After receiving certification as a local exchange carrier from the applicable
regulatory agency, Level 3 will provide the appropriate BellSouth Advisory team
manager the necessary documentation to enable BellSouth to establish accounts
for resold services ("master account"). Level 3 is required to provide the
following before a master account is established: blanket letter of authorization,
misdirected number form, proof of PSC/PUC certification, the Application for
Master Account, an Operating Company Number ("OCN") assigned by the
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 36 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 10
National Exchange Carriers Association ("NECA") and a deposit and tax
exemption certificate, if applicable.
6.1.1 If Level 3 needs to change its OCN(s) under which it operates when Level 3 has
already been conducting business utilizing those OCN(s), BellSouth may charge
Level 3 its tariffed rate for OCN conversion charges as found in the appropriate
section of BellSouth tariff to convert Level 3 to the new OCN(s). OCN
conversion charges include all time required to make system updates to all of Level
3's end user customer records. Appropriate charges will appear in the OC&C
section of Level 3's bill.
6.2 Level 3 shall provide to BellSouth a blanket letter of authorization ("LOA")
certifying that Level 3 will have End User authorization prior to viewing the End
User's customer service record or switching the End User's service. BellSouth will
not require End User confirmation prior to establishing service for Level 3’s End
User customer.
6.3 BellSouth will accept a request directly from the End User for conversion of the
End User's service from Level 3 to BellSouth or will accept a request from another
CLEC for conversion of the End User's service from Level 3 to such other CLEC.
Upon completion of the conversion BellSouth will notify Level 3 that such
conversion has been completed.
7. Discontinuance of Service
7.1 The procedures for discontinuing service to an End User are as follows:
7.1.1 BellSouth will deny service to Level 3's End User on behalf of, and at the request
of, Level 3. Upon restoration of the End User's service, restoral charges will apply
and will be the responsibility of Level 3.
7.1.2 At the request of Level 3, BellSouth will disconnect a Level 3 End User customer.
7.1.3 All requests by Level 3 for denial or disconnection of an End User for nonpayment
must be in writing.
7.1.4 Level 3 will be made solely responsible for notifying the End User of the proposed
disconnection of the service.
7.1.5 BellSouth will continue to process calls made to the Annoyance Call Center and
will advise Level 3 when it is determined that annoyance calls are originated from
one of its End User's locations. BellSouth shall be indemnified, defended and held
harmless by Level 3 and/or the End User against any claim, loss or damage arising
from providing this information to Level 3. It is the responsibility of Level 3 to
take the corrective action necessary with its End Users who make annoying calls.
(Failure to do so will result in BellSouth’s disconnecting the End User’s service.)
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 37 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 11
8. Operator Services (Operator Call Processing and Directory Assistance)
8.1 Operator Call Processing provides: (1) operator handling for call completion (for
example, collect, third number billing, and manual calling-card calls). (2) operator
or automated assistance for billing after the end user has dialed the called number
(for example, calling card calls); and (3) special services including but not limited
to Busy Line Verification and Emergency Line Interrupt (ELI), Emergency
Agency Call and Operator-assisted Directory Assistance.
8.1 Upon request for BellSouth Operator Call Processing, BellSouth shall:
8.1.1 . Process 0+ and 0- dialed local calls
8.1.3 .2 Process 0+ and 0- intraLATA toll calls.
8.1.4 Process calls that are billed to Level 3 end user's calling card that can be validated
by BellSouth.
8.1.5 Process person-to-person calls.
8.1.6 Process collect calls.
8.1.7 Provide the capability for callers to bill a third party and shall also process such
calls.
8.1.8 Process station-to-station calls.
8.1.9 Process Busy Line Verify and Emergency Line Interrupt requests.
8.1.10 Process emergency call trace originated by Public Safety Answering Points.
8.1.11 Process operator-assisted directory assistance calls.
8.1.12 Adhere to equal access requirements, providing Level 3 local end users the same
IXC access that BellSouth provides its own operator service.
8.1.13 Exercise at least the same level of fraud control in providing Operator Service to
Level 3 that BellSouth provides for its own operator service.
8.1.14 Perform Billed Number Screening when handling Collect, Person-to-Person, and
Billed-To-Third-Party calls.
8.1.15 Direct customer account and other similar inquiries to the customer service center
designated by Level 3.
8.1.16 Provide call records to Level 3 in accordance with ODUF standards.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 38 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 12
8.1.17 The interface requirements shall conform to the interface specifications for the
platform used to provide Operator Services as long as the interface conforms to
industry standards.
8.2 Directory Assistance Service
8.2.1 Directory Assistance Service provides local and non-local end user telephone
number listings with the option to complete the call at the caller's direction
separate and distinct from local switching.
8.2.2 Directory Assistance Service shall provide up to two listing requests per call, if
available and if requested by Level 3's end user. BellSouth shall provide caller-
optional directory assistance call completion service at rates set forth in
BellSouth's General Subscriber Services Tariff to one of the provided listings.
8.3.1 Directory Assistance Service Updates
8.3.1 BellSouth shall update end user listings changes daily. These changes include:
8.3.2 New end user connections
8.3.3 End user disconnections
8.3.4 End user address changes
8.3.5 These updates shall also be provided for non-listed and non-published numbers for
use in emergencies.
8.4 Branding for Operator Call Processing and Directory Assistance
8.4.1 BellSouth's branding feature provides a definable announcement to Level 3 end
users using Directory Assistance (DA)/ Operator Call Processing (OCP) prior to
placing such end users in queue or connecting them to an available operator or
automated operator system. This feature allows Level 3's name on whose behalf
BellSouth is providing Directory Assistance and/or Operator Call Processing.
Rates for the branding features are set forth in Exhibit E of this Attachment.
8.4.2 BellSouth offers three branding offering options to Level 3 when ordering
BellSouth's Directory Assistance and Operator Call Processing: BellSouth
Branding, Unbranding and Custom Branding.
8.4.3 Upon receipt of the branding order from Level 3, the order is considered firm after
ten (10) business days. Should Level 3 decide to cancel the order, written
notification to Level 3's BellSouth Account Executive is required. If Level 3
decides to cancel after ten (10) business days from receipt of the branding order,
Level 3 shall pay all charges per the order.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 39 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 13
8.4.4 Branding via Originating Line Number Screening (OLNS)
8.4.4.1 BellSouth Branding, Unbranding and Custom Branding are also available for
Directory Assistance, Operator Call Processing or both via OLNS software. When
utilizing this method of Unbranding or Custom Branding Level 3 shall not be
required to purchase dedicated trunking.
8.4.4.2 BellSouth Branding is the default branding offering.
8.4.4.3 For BellSouth to provide Unbranding or Custom Branding via OLNS software for
Operator Call Processing or for Directory Assistance Level 3 must have its
Operating Company Number ("OCN(s)") and telephone numbers reside in
BellSouth's LIDB; however, a BellSouth LIDB Storage Agreement is not required.
To Implement Unbranding and Custom Branding via OLNS software, Level 3
must submit a manual order form which requires, among other things, Level 3's
OCN and a forecast for the traffic volume anticipated for each BellSouth TOPS
during the peak busy hour. Level 3 shall provide updates to such forecast on a
quarterly basis and at any time such forecasted traffic volumes are expected to
change significantly. Upon Level 3's purchase of Unbranding and Custom
Branding using OLNS software for any particular TOPS, all Level 3 end users
served by that TOPS will receive the Unbranded "no announcement" or the
Custom Branded announcement.
8.4.4.4 Rates for Unbranding and Custom Branding via OLNS software for Directory
Assistance and for Operator Call Processing are as set forth in Exhibit E of this
Attachment. In addition to the charges for Unbranding and Custom Branding via
OLNS software, Level 3 shall continue to pay BellSouth applicable labor and other
charges for the use of BellSouth's Directory Assistance and Call Processing
platforms as set forth in Exhibit E of this Attachment.
8.4.5 Selective Call Routing using Line Class Codes (SCR-LCC)
8.4.5.1 Where Level 3 resells BellSouth's services and utilizes an operator services
provider other than BellSouth, BellSouth will route Level 3's end user calls to that
provider through Selective Call Routing.
8.4.5.2 Selective Call Routing using Line Class Codes (SCR-LCC) provides the capability
for Level 3 to have its OCP/DA calls routed to BellSouth's OCP/DA platform for
BellSouth provided Custom Branded or Unbranded OCP/DA or to its own or an
alternate OCP/DA platform for Self-Branded OCP/DA. SCR-LCC is only
available if line class code capacity is available in the requested BellSouth end
office switches.
8.4.5.3 Custom Branding for Directory Assistance is not available for certain classes of
service, including but not limited to Hotel/Motel services, WATS service and
certain PBX services.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 40 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 14
8.4.5.4 Where available, Level 3 specific and unique line class codes are programmed in
each BellSouth end office switch where Level 3 intends to service end users with
customized OCP/DA branding. The line class codes specifically identify Level 3's
end users so OCP/DA calls can be routed over the appropriate trunk group to the
requested OCP/DA platform. Additional line class codes are required in each end
office if the end office serves multiple NPAs (i.e., a unique LCC is required per
NPA), and/or if the end office switch serves multiple rate areas and Level 3 intends
to provide Level 3-branded OCP/DA to its end users in these multiple rate areas.
8.4.5.5 BellSouth Branding is the default branding offering.
8.4.5.6 SCR-LCC supporting Custom Branding and Self Branding require Level 3 to
order dedicated transport and trunking from each BellSouth end office identified
by Level 3, either to the BellSouth Traffic Operator Position System (TOPS) for
Custom Branding or to the Level 3 Operator Service Provider for Self Branding.
Separate trunk groups are required for Operator Services and for Directory
Assistance. Rates for transport and trunks are set forth in applicable BellSouth
Tariffs.
8.4.5.7 The rates for SCR-LCC are as set forth in Exhibit E of this Attachment. There is
a nonrecurring charge for the establishment of each Line Class Code in each
BellSouth central office.
8.4.5.8 Unbranded Directory Assistance and/or Operator Call Processing calls ride
common trunk groups provisioned by BellSouth from those end offices identified
by Level 3 to the BellSouth Tops. The calls are routed to "No Announcement."
8.4.6 Customized Branding includes charges for the recording of the branding
announcement and the loading of the audio units in each TOPS Switch and
Network Applications Vehicle (NAV) equipment for which Level 3 requires
service.
8.4.6.1 Directory Assistance customized branding uses:
8.4.6.2 the recording of Level 3
8.4.6.3 the loading of the recording in each switch.
8.4.6.4 Operator Call Processing customized branding uses:
8.4.6.5 the recording of Level 3
8.4.6.6 2 the loading of the recording in each switch.
8.4.6.7 the loading on the Network Applications Vehicle (NAV). All NAV shelves within
the region where the customer is offering service must be loaded.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 41 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
BST Redlines 3-3-04
Page 15
9. Line Information Database (LIDB)
9.1 BellSouth will store in its Line Information Database (LIDB) records relating to
service only in the BellSouth region. The LIDB Storage Agreement is included in
this Attachment as Exhibit B.
9.2 BellSouth will provide LIDB Storage upon written request to Level 3’s Account
Manager stating a requested activation date.
10. RAO Hosting
10.1 RAO Hosting is not required for resale in the BellSouth region.
11. Optional Daily Usage File (ODUF)
11.1 The Optional Daily Usage File (ODUF) Agreement with terms and conditions is
included in this Attachment as Exhibit C. Rates for ODUF are as set forth in
Exhibit E of this Attachment.
11.2. BellSouth will provide ODUF service upon written request to its Account
Manager stating a requested activation date.
12. Enhanced Optional Daily Usage File (EODUF)
12.1 The Enhanced Optional Daily Usage File (EODUF) service Agreement with terms
and conditions is included in this Attachment as Exhibit D. Rates for EODUF are
as set forth in Exhibit E of this Attachment.
12.2 BellSouth will provide EODUF service upon written request to its Account
Manager stating a requested activation date.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 42 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 16
Exhibit A
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON SERVICES AVAILABLE FOR RESALE (Note 3)
AL FL GA KY LA MS NC SC TN
Type of Service
Resale Discount Resale Discount Resale Discount Resale Discount Resale Discount Resale Discount Resale Discount Resale Discount Resale Discount
1 Grandfathered Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Services (Note 1)
2 Promotions - > 90 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Days(Note 2)
3 Promotions - < 90 Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No
Days (Note 2)
4 Lifeline/Link Up Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes No No Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Services
5 911/E911 Services Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes No No Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
6 N11 Services Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes No No No No Yes Yes Yes Yes No No Yes Yes
7 MemoryCall®Service Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No
8 Mobile Services Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No
9 Federal Subscriber Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No
Line Charges
10 Non-RecurCharges Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes No
11 End User Line Chg- Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No
Number Portability
12 Public Telephone Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes No Yes Yes
Access Svc(PTAS)
13 Inside Wire Maint Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No
Service Plan
Applicable Notes:
1. Grandfathered services can be resold only to existing subscribers of the grandfathered service.
2. Where available for resale, promotions will be made available only to End Users who would have qualified for the promotion had it been provided by BellSouth directly.
3. Some of BellSouth's local exchange and toll telecommunications services are not available in certain central offices and areas.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 43 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 17
Exhibit B
LINE INFORMATION DATA BASE (LIDB)
RESALE STORAGE AGREEMENT
I. Definitions (from Addendum)
A. Billing number - a number used by BellSouth for the purpose of identifying an account
liable for charges. This number may be a line or a special billing number.
B. Line number - a ten-digit number assigned by BellSouth that identifies a telephone line
associated with a resold local exchange service.
C. Special billing number - a ten-digit number that identifies a billing account established
by BellSouth in connection with a resold local exchange service.
D. Calling Card number - a billing number plus PIN number assigned by BellSouth.
E. PIN number - a four-digit security code assigned by BellSouth that is added to a billing
number to compose a fourteen-digit calling card number.
F. Toll billing exception indicator - associated with a billing number to indicate that it is
considered invalid for billing of collect calls or third number calls or both, by Level 3.
G. Billed Number Screening - refers to the query service used to determine whether a toll
billing exception indicator is present for a particular billing number.
H. Calling Card Validation - refers to the query service used to determine whether a
particular calling card number exists as stated or otherwise provided by a caller.
I. Billing number information - information about billing number or Calling Card number
as assigned by BellSouth and toll billing exception indicator provided to BellSouth by
Level 3.
J. Get-Data - refers to the query service used to determine, at a minimum, the Account
Owner and/or Regional Accounting Office for a line number. This query service may
be modified to provide additional information in the future.
K. Originating Line Number Screening ("OLNS") - refers to the query service used to
determine the billing, screening and call handling indicators, station type and Account
Owner provided to BellSouth by Level 3 for originating line numbers.
L. Account Owner - name of the local exchange telecommunications company that is
providing dialtone on a subscriber line.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 44 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 18
Exhibit B
II. General
A. This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which BellSouth
agrees to store in its LIDB certain information at the request of Level 3 and pursuant
to which BellSouth, its LIDB customers and Level 3 shall have access to such
information. In addition, this Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions for Level
3’s provision of billing number information to BellSouth for inclusion in BellSouth’s
LIDB. Level 3 understands that BellSouth provides access to information in its LIDB
to various telecommunications service providers pursuant to applicable tariffs and
agrees that information stored at the request of Level 3, pursuant to this Agreement,
shall be available to those telecommunications service providers. The terms and
conditions contained herein shall hereby be made a part of this Resale Agreement upon
notice to Level 3’s account team and/or Local Contract Manager activate this LIDB
Storage Agreement. The General Terms and Conditions of the Resale Agreement
shall govern this LIDB Storage Agreement. The terms and conditions contained in the
attached Addendum are hereby made a part of this LIDB Storage Agreement as if fully
incorporated herein.
B. BellSouth will provide responses to on-line, call-by-call queries to billing number
information for the following purposes:
1. Billed Number Screening
BellSouth is authorized to use the billing number information to determine whether
Level 3 has identified the billing number as one that should not be billed for collect
or third number calls.
2. Calling Card Validation
BellSouth is authorized to validate a 14-digit Calling Card number where the first
10 digits are a line number or special billing number assigned by BellSouth, and
where the last four digits (PIN) are a security code assigned by BellSouth.
3. OLNS
BellSouth is authorized to provide originating line screening information for billing
services restrictions, station type, call handling indicators, presubscribed
interLATA and local carrier and account owner on the lines of Level 3 from
which a call originates.
4. GetData
BellSouth is authorized to provide, at a minimum, the account owner and/or
Regional Accounting Office information on the lines of Level 3 indicating the local
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 45 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 19
Exhibit B
service provider and where billing records are to be sent for settlement purposes.
This query service may be modified to provide additional information in the future.
5. Fraud Control
BellSouth will provide seven days per week, 24-hours per day, fraud monitoring
on Calling Cards, bill-to-third and collect calls made to numbers in BellSouth’s
LIDB, provided that such information is included in the LIDB query. BellSouth
will establish fraud alert thresholds and will notify Level 3 of fraud alerts so that
Level 3 may take action it deems appropriate.
III. Responsibilities of the Parties
A. BellSouth will administer all data stored in the LIDB, including the data provided by Level 3
pursuant to this Agreement, in the same manner as BellSouth’s data for BellSouth’s End User
customers. BellSouth shall not be responsible to Level 3 for any lost revenue which may
result from BellSouth’s administration of the LIDB pursuant to its established practices and
procedures as they exist and as they may be changed by BellSouth in its sole discretion from
time to time.
B. Billing and Collection Customers
BellSouth currently has in effect numerous billing and collection agreements with various
interexchange carriers and billing clearing houses and as such these billing and collection
customers (“B&C Customers”) query BellSouth’s LIDB to determine whether to accept various
billing options from End Users. Until such time as BellSouth implements in its LIDB and its
supporting systems the means to differentiate Level 3’s data from BellSouth’s data, the following
shall apply:
(1) BellSouth will identify Level 3 end user originated long distance charges and will
return those charges to the interexchange carrier as not covered by the existing B&C
agreement. Level 3 is responsible for entering into the appropriate agreement with
interexchange carriers for handling of long distance charges by their end users.
(2) BellSouth shall have no obligation to become involved in any disputes between Level 3
and B&C Customers. BellSouth will not issue adjustments for charges billed on behalf
of any B&C Customer to Level 3. It shall be the responsibility of Level 3 and the
B&C Customers to negotiate and arrange for any appropriate adjustments.
IV. Fees for Service and Taxes
A. Level 3 will not be charged a fee for storage services provided by BellSouth to Level
3, as described in this LIDB Resale Storage Agreement.
B. Sales, use and all other taxes (excluding taxes on BellSouth’s income) determined by
BellSouth or any taxing authority to be due to any federal, state or local taxing
jurisdiction with respect to the provision of the service set forth herein will be paid by
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 46 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 20
Exhibit B
Level 3 in accordance with the tax provisions set forth in the General Terms and
Conditions of this Agreement.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 47 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 21
Exhibit C
Optional Daily Usage File
1. Upon written request from Level 3, BellSouth will provide the Optional Daily Usage
File (ODUF) service to Level 3 pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this
section.
2. Level 3 shall furnish all relevant information required by BellSouth for the provision of
the ODUF.
3. The ODUF feed will contain billable messages that were carried over the BellSouth
Network and processed in the BellSouth Billing System, but billed to a Level 3
customer.
4. Charges for ODUF will appear on Level 3’s monthly bills. The charges are as set forth
in Exhibit E to this Attachment. ODUF charges are billed once a month for the
previous month's usage. Level 3 will be billed at the ODUF rates that are in effect at
the end of the previous month.
5. The ODUF feed will contain both rated and unrated messages. All messages will be in
the standard Alliance for Telecommunications Industry Solutions (ATIS) EMI record
format.
5.1 Messages that error in Level 3’s billing system will be the responsibility of Level 3.
If, however, Level 3 should encounter significant volumes of errored messages that
prevent processing by Level 3 within its systems, BellSouth will work with Level 3 to
determine the source of the errors and the appropriate resolution.
6. The following specifications shall apply to the ODUF feed.
6.1 ODUF Message to be Transmitted
6.1.1 The following messages recorded by BellSouth will be transmitted to Level 3:
- Message recording for per use/per activation type services (examples: Three Way
Calling, Verify, Interrupt, Call Return, etc.)
- Measured billable Local
- Directory Assistance messages
- IntraLATA Toll
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 48 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 22
Exhibit C
- WATS and 800 Service
- N11
- Information Service Provider Messages
- Operator Services Messages
- Credit/Cancel Records
- Usage for Voice Mail Message Service
6.1.2 Rated Incollects (originated in BellSouth and from other companies) can also be on
ODUF. Rated Incollects will be intermingled with BellSouth recorded rated and
unrated usage. Rated Incollects will not be packed separately.
6.1.3 BellSouth will perform duplicate record checks on records processed to ODUF. Any
duplicate messages detected will be deleted and not sent to Level 3.
6.1.4 In the event that Level 3 detects a duplicate on ODUF they receive from BellSouth,
Level 3 will drop the duplicate message and will not return the duplicate to
BellSouth).
6.2 ODUF Physical File Characteristics
6.2.1 The ODUF will be distributed to Level 3 via CONNECT:Direct or Secure File
Transfer Protocol (FTP) or another mutually agreed medium. The ODUF feed will be
a variable block format. The data on the ODUF feed will be in a non-compacted EMI
format (175 byte format plus modules). It will be created on a daily basis Monday
through Friday except holidays. Details such as dataset name and delivery schedule
will be addressed during negotiations of the distribution medium. There will be a
maximum of one dataset per workday per OCN.
6.2.2 Data circuits (private line or dial-up) will be required between BellSouth and Level 3
for the purpose of data transmission when utilizing CONNECT:Direct. Where a
dedicated line is required, Level 3 will be responsible for ordering the circuit,
overseeing its installation and coordinating the installation with BellSouth. Level 3 will
also be responsible for any charges associated with this line. Equipment required on
the BellSouth end to attach the line to the mainframe computer and to transmit data
will be negotiated on an individual case basis. Where a dial-up facility is required, dial
circuits will be installed in the BellSouth data center by BellSouth and the associated
charges assessed to Level 3. Additionally, all message toll charges associated with the
use of the dial circuit by Level 3 will be the responsibility of Level 3. Associated
equipment on the BellSouth end, including a modem, will be negotiated on an
individual case basis between the Parties. All equipment, including modems and
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 49 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 23
Exhibit C
software, that is required on Level 3 end for the purpose of data transmission will be
the responsibility of Level 3.
6.2.3 If Level 3 utilizes Secure File Transfer Protocol (FTP) for data file transmission,
purchase of the Secure File Transfer Protocol (FTP) software will be the
responsibility of Level 3.
6.3 ODUF Packing Specifications
6.3.1 A pack will contain a minimum of one message record or a maximum of 99,999
message records plus a pack header record and a pack trailer record. One
transmission can contain a maximum of 99 packs and a minimum of one pack.
6.3.2 The OCN, From RAO, and Invoice Number will control the invoice sequencing. The
From RAO will be used to identify to Level 3 which BellSouth RAO is sending the
message. BellSouth and Level 3 will use the invoice sequencing to control data
exchange. BellSouth will be notified of sequence failures identified by Level 3 and
resend the data as appropriate.
The data will be packed using ATIS EMI records.
6.4 ODUF Pack Rejection
6.4.1 Level 3 will notify BellSouth within one business day of rejected packs (via the
mutually agreed medium). Packs could be rejected because of pack sequencing
discrepancies or a critical edit failure on the Pack Header or Pack Trailer records (i.e.
out-of-balance condition on grand totals, invalid data populated). Standard ATIS
EMI Error Codes will be used. Level 3 will not be required to return the actual
rejected data to BellSouth. Rejected packs will be corrected and retransmitted to
Level 3 by BellSouth.
6.5 ODUF Control Data
Level 3 will send one confirmation record per pack that is received from BellSouth.
This confirmation record will indicate Level 3 received the pack and the acceptance or
rejection of the pack. Pack Status Code(s) will be populated using standard ATIS
EMI error codes for packs that were rejected by Level 3 for reasons stated in the
above section.
6.6 ODUF Testing
6.6.1 Upon request from Level 3, BellSouth shall send test files to Level 3 for the ODUF.
The Parties agree to review and discuss the file’s content and/or format. For testing of
usage results, BellSouth shall request that Level 3 set up a production (live) file. The
live test may consist of Level 3’s employees making test calls for the types of services
Level 3 requests on the ODUF. These test calls are logged by Level 3, and the logs
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 50 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 24
Exhibit C
are provided to BellSouth. These logs will be used to verify the files. Testing will be
completed within 30 calendar days from the date on which the initial test file was sent.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 51 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 25
Exhibit D
Enhanced Optional Daily Usage File
1. Upon written request from Level 3, BellSouth will provide the Enhanced Optional
Daily Usage File (EODUF) service to Level 3 pursuant to the terms and conditions set
forth in this section. EODUF will only be sent to existing ODUF subscribers who
request the EODUF option.
2. Level 3 shall furnish all relevant information required by BellSouth for the provision of
the EODUF.
3. The EODUF will provide usage data for local calls originating from resold Flat Rate
Business and Residential Lines.
4. Charges for delivery of the EODUF will appear on Level 3’s monthly bills. EODUF
charges are billed at the EODUF rates that are in effect at the end of the previous
month. The charges are as set forth in Exhibit E to this Attachment.
5. All messages will be in the standard Alliance for Telecommunications Industry
Solutions (ATIS) EMI record format.
6. Messages that error in the billing system of Level 3 will be the responsibility of Level
3. If, however, Level 3 should encounter significant volumes of errored messages that
prevent processing by Level 3 within its systems, BellSouth will work with Level 3 to
determine the source of the errors and the appropriate resolution.
7. The following specifications shall apply to the EODUF feed.
7.1 Usage To Be Transmitted
7.1.1 The following messages recorded by BellSouth will be transmitted to Level 3:
Customer usage data for flat rated local call originating from Level 3’s End User lines
(1FB or 1FR). The EODUF record for flat rate messages will include:
Date of Call
From Number
To Number
Connect Time
Conversation Time
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 52 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 26
Exhibit D
Method of Recording
From RAO
Rate Class
Message Type
Billing Indicators
Bill to Number
7.1.2 BellSouth will perform duplicate record checks on EODUF records processed to O
DUF. Any duplicate messages detected will be deleted and not sent to Level 3.
7.1.3 In the event that Level 3 detects a duplicate on EODUF they receive from BellSouth,
Level 3 will drop the duplicate message (Level 3 will not return the duplicate to
BellSouth).
7.2 Physical File Characteristics
7.2.1 The EODUF feed will be distributed to Level 3 via Connect: Direct, Secure File
Transfer Protocol (FTP)or another mutually agreed medium. The EODUF messages
will be intermingled among Level 3’s Optional Daily Usage File (ODUF) messages.
The EODUF will be a variable block format. The data on the EODUF will be in a
non-compacted EMI format (175 byte format plus modules). It will be created on a
daily basis Monday through Friday except holiday.
7.2.2 Data circuits (private line or dial-up) may be required between BellSouth and Level 3
for the purpose of data transmission as set forth in Section 6.2.2 above.
7.2.3 If Level 3 utilizes Secure File Transfer Protocol (FTP)for data file transmission,
purchase of the Secure File Transfer Protocol (FTP)software will be the responsibility
of Level 3.
7.3 Packing Specifications
7.3.1 A pack will contain a minimum of one message record or a maximum of 99,999
message records plus a pack header record and a pack trailer record. One
transmission can contain a maximum of 99 packs and a minimum of one pack.
7.3.2 The OCN, From (RAO), and Invoice Number will control the invoice sequencing.
The From RAO will be used to identify to Level 3 which BellSouth RAO is sending
the message. BellSouth and Level 3 will use the invoice sequencing to control data
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 53 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 1
Page 27
Exhibit D
exchange. BellSouth will be notified of sequence failures identified by Level 3 and
resend the data as appropriate.
The data will be packed using ATIS EMI Records.
Version 1Q03: 02/28/03
CCCS 54 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
RESALE DISCOUNTS AND RATES - Alabama Attachment: 1 Exhibit: E
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
APPLICABLE DISCOUNTS
Residence % 16.30
Business % 16.30
CSAs % 16.30
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - Resale Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - Resale Only SOMAN 19.99 0.00 19.99 0.00
SELECTIVE CALL ROUTING USING LINE CLASS CODES (SCR-LCC)
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 84.70 84.70 14.11 14.11
ODUF/EODUF SERVICES
OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (ODUF)
ODUF: Recording, per message 0.000011
ODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.004101
ODUF: Message Processing, per Magnetic Tape provisioned 42.67
ODUF: Data Transmission (CONNECT:DIRECT), per message 0.000094
ENHANCED OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (EODUF)
EODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.22
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 1 of 9
CCCS 55 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
RESALE DISCOUNTS AND RATES - Florida Attachment: 1 Exhibit: E
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
APPLICABLE DISCOUNTS
Residence % 21.83
Business % 16.81
CSAs % 16.81
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - Resale Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - Resale Only SOMAN 19.99 0.00 19.99 0.00
SELECTIVE CALL ROUTING USING LINE CLASS CODES (SCR-LCC)
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 93.55 93.55 12.71 12.71
ODUF/EODUF SERVICES
OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (ODUF)
ODUF: Recording, per message 0.0000071
ODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.002146
ODUF: Message Processing, per Magnetic Tape provisioned 35.91
ODUF: Data Transmission (CONNECT:DIRECT), per message 0.00010375
ENHANCED OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (EODUF)
EODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.080698
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 2 of 9
CCCS 56 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
RESALE DISCOUNTS AND RATES - Georgia Attachment: 1 Exhibit: E
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
APPLICABLE DISCOUNTS
Residence % 20.30
Business % 17.30
CSAs % 17.30
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - Resale Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - Resale Only SOMAN 19.99 0.00 19.99 0.00
SELECTIVE CALL ROUTING USING LINE CLASS CODES (SCR-LCC)
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 102.19 61.15 12.68 6.34
ODUF/EODUF SERVICES
OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (ODUF)
ODUF: Recording, per message 0.0000068
ODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.002167
ODUF: Message Processing, per Magnetic Tape provisioned 36.06
ODUF: Data Transmission (CONNECT:DIRECT), per message 0.00010856
ENHANCED OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (EODUF)
EODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.227409
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 3 of 9
CCCS 57 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
RESALE DISCOUNTS AND RATES - Kentucky Attachment: 1 Exhibit: E
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
APPLICABLE DISCOUNTS
Residence % 16.79
Business % 15.54
CSAs % 15.54
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - Resale Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - Resale Only SOMAN 19.99 0.00 19.99 0.00
SELECTIVE CALL ROUTING USING LINE CLASS CODES (SCR-LCC)
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 93.53 93.53 15.58 15.58
ODUF/EODUF SERVICES
OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (ODUF)
ODUF: Recording, per message 0.0000136
ODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.002506
ODUF: Message Processing, per Magnetic Tape provisioned 35.90
ODUF: Data Transmission (CONNECT:DIRECT), per message 0.00010372
ENHANCED OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (EODUF)
EODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.235889
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 4 of 9
CCCS 58 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
RESALE DISCOUNTS AND RATES - Louisiana Attachment: 1 Exhibit: E
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
APPLICABLE DISCOUNTS
Residence % 20.72
Business % 20.72
CSAs % 9.05
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - Resale Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - Resale Only SOMAN 19.99 0.00 19.99 0.00
SELECTIVE CALL ROUTING USING LINE CLASS CODES (SCR-LCC)
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 82.25 82.25
ODUF/EODUF SERVICES
OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (ODUF)
ODUF: Recording, per message 0.0000117
ODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.004641
ODUF: Message Processing, per Magnetic Tape provisioned 48.45
ODUF: Data Transmission (CONNECT:DIRECT), per message 0.00010568
ENHANCED OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (EODUF)
EODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.250015
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 5 of 9
CCCS 59 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
RESALE DISCOUNTS AND RATES - Mississippi Attachment: 1 Exhibit: E
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
APPLICABLE DISCOUNTS
Residence % 15.75
Business % 15.75
CSAs % 15.75
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - Resale Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - Resale Only SOMAN 19.99 0.00 19.99 0.00
SELECTIVE CALL ROUTING USING LINE CLASS CODES (SCR-LCC)
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 85.19 85.19 14.19 14.19
ODUF/EODUF SERVICES
OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (ODUF)
ODUF: Recording, per message 0.0000063
ODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.004707
ODUF: Message Processing, per Magnetic Tape provisioned 49.04
ODUF: Data Transmission (CONNECT:DIRECT), per message 0.00010669
ENHANCED OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (EODUF)
EODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.250424
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 6 of 9
CCCS 60 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
RESALE DISCOUNTS AND RATES - North Carolina Attachment: 1 Exhibit: E
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
APPLICABLE DISCOUNTS
Residence % 21.50
Business % 17.60
CSAs % 17.60
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - Resale Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - Resale Only SOMAN 19.99 0.00 19.99 0.00
SELECTIVE CALL ROUTING USING LINE CLASS CODES (SCR-LCC)
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 188.59
ODUF/EODUF SERVICES
OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (ODUF)
ODUF: Recording, per message 0.0003
ODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.0032
ODUF: Message Processing, per Magnetic Tape provisioned 54.61
ODUF: Data Transmission (CONNECT:DIRECT), per message 0.00004
ENHANCED OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (EODUF)
EODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.2285406
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 7 of 9
CCCS 61 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
RESALE DISCOUNTS AND RATES - South Carolina Attachment: 1 Exhibit: E
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
APPLICABLE DISCOUNTS
Residence % 14.80
Business % 14.80
CSAs % 8.98
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - Resale Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - Resale Only SOMAN 19.99 0.00 19.99 0.00
SELECTIVE CALL ROUTING USING LINE CLASS CODES (SCR-LCC)
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 84.89 84.89 14.14 14.14
ODUF/EODUF SERVICES
OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (ODUF)
ODUF: Recording, per message 0.0000216
ODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.004704
ODUF: Message Processing, per Magnetic Tape provisioned 48.87
ODUF: Data Transmission (CONNECT:DIRECT), per message 0.00010863
ENHANCED OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (EODUF)
EODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.258301
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 8 of 9
CCCS 62 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
RESALE DISCOUNTS AND RATES - Tennessee Attachment: 1 Exhibit: E
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
APPLICABLE DISCOUNTS
Residence % 16.00
Business % 16.00
CSAs % 16.00
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - Resale Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - Resale Only SOMAN 19.99 0.00 19.99 0.00
SELECTIVE CALL ROUTING USING LINE CLASS CODES (SCR-LCC)
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 179.60 179.60
ODUF/EODUF SERVICES
OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (ODUF)
ODUF: Recording, per message 0.0000044
ODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.0027366
ODUF: Message Processing, per Magnetic Tape provisioned 52.75
ODUF: Data Transmission (CONNECT:DIRECT), per message 0.0000339
ENHANCED OPTIONAL DAILY USAGE FILE (EODUF)
EODUF: Message Processing, per message 0.004
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 9 of 9
CCCS 63 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 1
Attachment 2
Network Elements and Other Services
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 64 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTRODUCTION.......................................................................................................................................3
2 UNBUNDLED LOOPS...............................................................................................................................5
3 LINE SHARING.......................................................................................................................................27
4 LOCAL SWITCHING..............................................................................................................................33
5 UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENT COMBINATIONS..................................................................41
6 TRANSPORT, CHANNELIZATION AND DARK FIBER....................................................................44
7 DATABASES............................................................................................................................................49
8 BELLSOUTH SWITCHED ACCESS (SWA) 8XX TOLL FREE DIALING TEN DIGIT SCREENING
SERVICE...........................................................................................................................................................50
9 LINE INFORMATION DATABASE (LIDB)..........................................................................................50
10 SIGNALING.............................................................................................................................................52
11 AUTOMATIC LOCATION IDENTIFICATION/DATA MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (ALI/DMS)......58
12 CALLING NAME (CNAM) DATABASE SERVICE..............................................................................59
13 SERVICE CREATION ENVIRONMENT AND SERVICE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (SCE/SMS)
ADVANCED INTELLIGENT NETWORK (AIN) ACCESS...........................................................................60
14 OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS).......................................................................................60
Rates Exhibit A
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 65 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 3
ACCESS TO NETWORK ELEMENTS AND OTHER SERVICES
1 Introduction
1.1 This Attachment sets forth rates, terms and conditions for Network Elements and
combinations of Network Elements that BellSouth agrees to offer to Level 3 in
accordance with its obligations under Section 251(c)(3) of the Act. Additionally,
this Attachment sets forth the rates, terms and conditions for other facilities and
services BellSouth makes available to Level 3 (Other Services). The rates for each
Network Element and combination of Network Elements and Other Services are
set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment. Additionally, the provision of a
particular Network Element or Other Service may require Level 3 to purchase
other Network Elements or services. In the event of a conflict between this
Attachment and any other section or provision of this Agreement, the provisions of
this Attachment shall control.
1.2 For purposes of this Agreement, “Network Element” is defined to mean a facility
or equipment Level 3 used in the provision of a qualifying service, as defined by
the FCC. Level 3 may not access a Network Element for the sole purpose of
providing non-qualifying services as defined by the FCC. For purposes of this
Agreement, combinations of Network Elements shall be referred to as
“Combinations.”
1.3 BellSouth shall, upon request of Level 3, and to the extent technically feasible,
provide to Level 3 access to its Network Elements for the provision of Level 3’s
qualifying services. If no rate is identified in this Agreement, the rate will be as set
forth in the applicable BellSouth tariff or as negotiated by the Parties upon request
by either Party.
1.4 Level 3 may purchase and use Network Elements and Other Services from
BellSouth in accordance with 47 C.F.R 51.309.
1.5 BellSouth shall comply with the requirements as set forth in the technical
references within this Attachment 2.
1.6 Except to the extent required the Report and Order on Remand and Further Notice
of Proposed Rulemaking (rel. Aug. 21, 2003) (“TRO”), any Network Elements
that no longer require unbundling on a national level will no longer be available
pursuant to this Agreement.
1.7 Upon request, BellSouth shall convert a wholesale service, or group of wholesale
services, to the equivalent unbundled Network Element, or combination of
elements that is available to Level 3 under Section 251(c)(3) of the
Telecommunications Act of 1996. Nonrecurring switch-as-is rates for conversion
of Network Elements are contained in Exhibit A of this Attachment. Conversion
of a wholesale service or group of wholesale services shall be considered
termination for purposes of any volume and/or term commitments and/or
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 66 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 4
grandfathered status between Level 3 and BellSouth. Any change from a
wholesale service to a Network Element that requires a physical rearrangement of
the Network Element will not be considered a conversion for purposes of this
Agreement.
1.8 Except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in this Attachment, for elements
or combinations of elements that are no longer offered pursuant to, or are not in
compliance with, the terms set forth in this Agreement (for example, but not
limited to, local channels or non-compliant EELs), Level 3 will submit orders to
rearrange or disconnect those arrangements or services within thirty (30) calendar
days of the Effective Date of this Agreement.
If orders to rearrange or disconnect those arrangements or services are not
received by the 31st day after the Effective Date of this Agreement, BellSouth may
disconnect those arrangements or services without further notice, or within the
transition period required under applicable law, whichever is longer.
Where no re-termination or physical rearrangement of circuits or service is
required, Level 3 will be charged a nonrecurring switch-as-is charge for the
individual Network Element(s) as set forth in Exhibit A. For arrangements that
require a re-termination or other physical rearrangement of circuits to comply with
the terms of this Agreement, nonrecurring charges for the applicable Network
Element from Exhibit A of this Attachment will apply. To the extent a Network
Element requires re-termination or other physical rearrangement in order to
comply with a tariff or separate agreement, the applicable rates, terms and
conditions of such tariff or separate agreement shall apply.
1.8.1 Level 3 may utilize Network Elements and Other Services to provide services
consistent with 47 C.F.R. § 51.309 and Commission orders as long as such
services are consistent with industry standards and applicable BellSouth Technical
References.
1.8.2 Routine Network Modifications
Except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in this Attachment, If a UNE is
not readily available but can be made available through routine network
modifications, BellSouth will make such routine network modifications, as defined
by the FCC in 47 CFR 51.319 (a) (8) and (e) (5).
1.8.3 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, BellSouth will not
commingle or combine Network Elements or combinations of Network Elements
with any service, network element or other offering that it is obligated to make
available only pursuant to Section 271 of the Act.
1.9 Commingling of Services
1.9.1 Commingling means the connecting, attaching, or otherwise linking of a Network
Element, or a Network Element combination, to one or more telecommunications
services or facilities that Level 3 has obtained at wholesale from BellSouth, or the
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 67 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 5
combining of a Network Element or Network Element combination with one or
more such wholesale telecommunications services or facilities.
1.9.2 Subject to the limitations set forth elsewhere in this Attachment, BellSouth shall
not deny access to a Network Element or a combination of Network Elements on
the grounds that one or more of the elements: 1) is connected to, attached to,
linked to, or combined with such a facility or service obtained from BellSouth; or
2) shares part of BellSouth’s network with access services or inputs for non-
qualifying services.
1.9.3 BellSouth will not “ratchet” a commingled circuit. Unless otherwise agreed to by
the Parties, the Network Element portion of such circuit will be billed at the rates
set forth in this Agreement and the remainder of the circuit or service will be billed
in accordance with BellSouth’s tariffed rates.
1.9.4 When multiplexing equipment is attached to a commingled circuit, the multiplexing
equipment and Central Office Channel Interfaces will be billed from the same
jurisdictional authorization (agreement or tariff) as the higher grade of service.
1.10 If Level 3 reports a trouble on a Network Element or Other Service and no trouble
actually exists on the BellSouth portion, BellSouth will charge Level 3 for any
dispatching and testing (both inside and outside the Central Office (CO)) required
by BellSouth in order to confirm the working status.
1.11 Rates
1.11.1 The prices that Level 3 shall pay to BellSouth for Network Elements and Other
Services are set forth in Exhibit A to this Attachment. If Level 3 purchases a
service(s) from a tariff, all terms and conditions and rates as set forth in such tariff
shall apply.
1.11.2 Rates, terms and conditions for order cancellation charges and Service Date
Advancement Charges will apply in accordance with Attachment 6 and are
incorporated herein by this reference.
1.11.3 If Level 3 modifies an order (Order Modification Charge (OMC)) after being sent
a Firm Order Confirmation (FOC) from BellSouth, any costs incurred by
BellSouth to accommodate the modification will be paid by Level 3 in accordance
with FCC No. 1 Tariff, Section 5.
1.11.4 A one-month minimum billing period shall apply to all Network Elements and
Other Services.
2 Unbundled Loops
2.1 General
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 68 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 6
2.1.1 The local loop Network Element (Loop) is defined as a transmission facility
between a distribution frame (or its equivalent) in BellSouth’s central office and
the Loop demarcation point at an End User’s customer premises, including inside
wire owned by BellSouth. Facilities that do not terminate at a demarcation point
at an End User customer premises, including, by way of example, but not limited
to, facilities that terminate to another carrier’s switch or premises, a cell site,
Mobile Switching Center or base station, do not constitute Loops. The Loop
Network Element includes all features, functions, and capabilities of the
transmission facilities, including the network interface device, and attached
electronics (except those used for the provision of advanced services, such as
Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexers), optronics and intermediate devices
(including repeaters and load coils) used to establish the transmission path to the
End User’s customer premises. Level 3 shall purchase the entire bandwidth of the
Loop and, except as required herein or as otherwise agreed to by the Parties,
BellSouth shall not subdivide the frequency of the Loop.
2.1.1.1 The Loop does not include any packet switched features, functions or capabilities.
2.1.1.2 As set forth in FCC rule 51.319(i), in new build (Greenfield) areas, where
BellSouth has only deployed Fiber To The Home (FTTH) facilities, BellSouth is
under no obligation to provide Loops.
2.1.1.3 In FTTH overbuild situations where BellSouth also has copper Loops, BellSouth
will make those copper Loops available to Level 3 on an unbundled basis, until
such time as BellSouth chooses to retire those copper Loops using the FCC’s
network disclosure requirements set forth in 251(c)(5) and 51.325-335 and any
applicable State requirements. . In these cases, BellSouth will offer a 64kbps
second voice grade channel over its FTTH facilities.
2.1.1.4 Furthermore, in FTTH overbuild areas, BellSouth is not obligated to ensure that
copper Loops in that area are capable of transmitting signals prior to receiving a
request for access to such Loops by Level 3. If a request is received by BellSouth
for a copper Loop, BellSouth will restore the copper Loop to serviceable condition
if technically feasible.
In these instances of Loop orders in an FTTH overbuild area, BellSouth’s standard
Loop provisioning interval will not apply, and the order will be handled on a
project basis by which the Parties will negotiate the applicable provisioning
interval.
2.1.1.5 A “hybrid loop” is a local loop composed of both fiber optic cable, usually in
feeder plant, and copper wire or cable, usually in the distribution plant. For hybrid
loops, where Level 3 seeks access to a hybrid loop for the provision of broadband
services, BellSouth shall provide Level 3 with nondiscriminatory access to the time
division multiplexing features, functions and capabilities of that hybrid loop,
including DS1 or DS3, on an unbundled basis to establish a complete transmission
path between BellSouth’s central office and an End User’s customer premises.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 69 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 7
When Level 3 seeks access to a hybrid loop for the provision of narrowband
services, Bell South will provide access pursuant to 51.319 (a) (2).
2.1.1.6 Level 3 may not purchase Loops or convert Special Access circuits to Loops if
such Loops will be used to provide wireless telecommunications services.
2.1.2 The provisioning of a Loop to Level 3’s collocation space will require cross office
cabling and cross connections within the central office to connect the Loop to a
local switch or to other transmission equipment. These cross connects are
separate components that are not considered a part of the Loop, and thus, have a
separate charge.
2.1.3 Where facilities are available, BellSouth will install Loops in compliance with
BellSouth’s Products and Services Interval Guide available at the website at
http://www.interconnection.bellsouth.com. For orders of fifteen (15) or more
Loops, the installation and any applicable Order Coordination as described below
will be handled on a project basis, and the intervals will be set by the BellSouth
project manager for that order. When Loops require a Service Inquiry (SI) prior
to issuing the order to determine if facilities are available, the interval for the SI
process is separate from the installation interval.
2.1.4 The Loop shall be provided to Level 3 in accordance with BellSouth’s TR73600
Unbundled Local Loop Technical Specification and applicable industry standard
technical references.
2.1.5 BellSouth will only provision, maintain and repair the Loops to the standards that
are consistent with the type of Loop ordered.
2.1.5.1 When a BellSouth technician is required to be dispatched to provision the Loop,
BellSouth will tag the Loop with the Circuit ID number and the name of the
ordering CLEC. When a dispatch is not required to provision the Loop, BellSouth
will tag the Loop on the next required visit to the End User’s location. If Level 3
wants to ensure the Loop is tagged during the provisioning process for Loops that
may not require a dispatch (e.g. UVL-SL1, UVL-SL2, and UCL-ND), Level 3
may order Loop Tagging. Rates for Loop Tagging are as set forth in Exhibit A of
this Attachment.
2.1.5.2 In the event BellSouth must dispatch to the end-user’s location more than once
due to incorrect or incomplete information provided by Level 3 (e.g., incomplete
address, incorrect contact name/number, etc.), BellSouth will bill Level 3 for each
additional dispatch required to provision the circuit due to the incorrect/incomplete
information provided. BellSouth will assess the applicable Trouble Determination
rates from BellSouth’s FCC or state tariffs.
2.1.6 Loop Testing/Trouble Reporting
2.1.6.1 Level 3 will be responsible for testing and isolating troubles on the Loops. Level 3
must test and isolate trouble to the BellSouth portion of a designed/non-designed
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 70 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 8
unbundled Loop (e.g., UVL-SL2, UCL-D, UVL-SL1, UCL-ND, etc.) before
reporting repair to the UNE Customer Wholesale Interconnection Network
Services (CWINS) Center. Upon request from BellSouth at the time of the trouble
report, Level 3 will be required to provide the results of the Level 3 test which
indicate a problem on the BellSouth provided Loop.
2.1.6.2 Once Level 3 has isolated a trouble to the BellSouth provided Loop, and had
issued a trouble report to BellSouth on the Loop, BellSouth will take the actions
necessary to repair the Loop if a trouble actually exists. BellSouth will repair these
Loops in the same time frames that BellSouth repairs similarly situated Loops to
its End Users.
2.1.6.3 If Level 3 reports a trouble on a non-designed or designed Loop and no trouble
actually exists, BellSouth will charge Level 3 for any dispatching and testing (both
inside and outside the CO) required by BellSouth in order to confirm the Loop’s
working status.
2.1.6.4 In the event BellSouth must dispatch to the end-user’s location more than once
due to incorrect or incomplete information provided by Level 3 (e.g., incomplete
address, incorrect contact name/number, etc.), BellSouth will bill Level 3 for each
additional dispatch required to repair the circuit due to the incorrect/incomplete
information provided. BellSouth will assess the applicable Trouble Determination
rates from BellSouth’s FCC or state tariffs.
2.1.7 Order Coordination and Order Coordination-Time Specific
2.1.7.1 “Order Coordination” (OC) allows BellSouth and Level 3 to coordinate the
installation of the SL2 Loops, Unbundled Digital Loops (UDL) and other Loops
where OC may be purchased as an option, to Level 3’s facilities to limit End User
service outage. OC is available when the Loop is provisioned over an existing
circuit that is currently providing service to the End User. OC for physical
conversions will be scheduled at BellSouth’s discretion during normal working
hours on the committed due date. OC shall be provided in accordance with the
chart set forth below.
2.1.7.2 “Order Coordination – Time Specific” (OC-TS) allows Level 3 to order a specific
time for OC to take place. BellSouth will make every effort to accommodate Level
3’s specific conversion time request. However, BellSouth reserves the right to
negotiate with Level 3 a conversion time based on load and appointment control
when necessary. This OC-TS is a chargeable option for all Loops except
Unbundled Copper Loops (UCL) and is billed in addition to the OC charge. Level
3 may specify a time between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (location time) Monday
through Friday (excluding holidays). If Level 3 specifies a time outside this
window, or selects a time or quantity of Loops that requires BellSouth technicians
to work outside normal work hours, overtime charges will apply in addition to the
OC and OC-TS charges. Overtime charges will be applied based on the amount of
overtime worked and in accordance with the rates established in the Access
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 71 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 9
Services Tariff, Section E13.2, for each state. The OC-TS charges for an order
due on the same day at the same location will be applied on a per Local Service
Request (LSR) basis.
2.1.8 CLEC to CLEC Conversions for Unbundled Loops
2.1.8.1 The CLEC to CLEC conversion process for unbundled Loops may be used by
Level 3 when converting an existing unbundled Loop from another CLEC for the
same End User. The Loop type being converted must be included in Level 3’s
Interconnection Agreement before requesting a conversion.
2.1.8.2 To utilize the CLEC to CLEC conversion process, the Loop being converted must
be the same Loop type with no requested changes to the Loop, must serve the
same End User location from the same serving wire center, and must not require
an outside dispatch to provision.
2.1.8.3 The Loops converted to Level 3 pursuant to the CLEC to CLEC conversion
process shall be provisioned in the same manner and with the same functionality
and options as described in this Attachment for the specific Loop type.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 72 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 10
2.1.8.4
Order Order Coordination DLR Charge for Dispatch
Coordination – Time Specific and Testing if No
(OC) (OC-TS) Trouble Found
SL-1 Chargeable Chargeable Option Chargeable Charged for Dispatch
Option Option – inside and outside
(Non- ordered as Central Office
Designed) Engineering
Information
Document
UCL-ND Chargeable Not Available Chargeable Charged for Dispatch
Option Option – inside and outside
(Non- ordered as Central Office
Designed) Engineering
Information
Document
Unbundled Included Chargeable Option Included Charged for Dispatch
Voice Loops outside Central Office
- SL-2
(including 2-
and 4-wire
UVL)
(Designed)
Unbundled Included Chargeable Option Included Charged for Dispatch
Digital Loop (except on Universal outside Central Office
(Designed) Digital Channel)
Unbundled
Chargeable in Not available Included Charged for Dispatch
Copper Loop
accordance outside Central Office
(Designed)
with Section 2
2.1.9 Bulk Migration
2.1.9.1 If Level 3 requests to migrate twenty-five (25) or more UNE-Port/Loop
Combination (UNE-P) customers to UNE-Loop (UNE-L) in the same Central
Office on the same due date, Level 3 must use the Bulk Migration process, which
is described in the BellSouth CLEC Information Package, “UNE-Port/Loop
Combination (UNE-P) to UNE-Loop (UNE-L) Bulk Migration.” This CLEC
Information package, incorporated herein by reference as it may be amended from
time to time, is located at
www.interconnection.bellsouth.com/guides/html/unes.html. The rates for the Bulk
Migration process shall be the nonrecurring rates associated with the Loop type
being requested on the Bulk Migration, as set forth in Exhibit A of this
Attachment. Additionally, OSS charges will also apply per LSR generated per
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 73 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 11
customer account as provided for in the Bulk Migration Request. The migration
of loops from Integrated Digital Loop Carrier (IDLC) will be done pursuant to
Section 2.6 of this Attachment.
2.1.10 Ordering Guidelines and Processes
2.1.10.1 For information regarding Ordering Guidelines and Processes for various UNEs,
Level 3 should refer to the “Guides” section of the BellSouth Interconnection
website, which is incorporated herein by reference, as amended from time to time.
The website address is: http://www.interconnection.bellsouth.com/
2.1.10.2 Additional information may also be found in the individual CLEC Information
Packages, as amended from time to time and which are incorporated herein by
reference, located at the “CLEC UNE Products” website at the following address:
http://www.interconnection.bellsouth.com/guides/html/unes.html
2.2 Unbundled Voice Loops (UVLs)
2.2.1 BellSouth shall make available the following UVLs:
2.2.1.1 2-wire Analog Voice Grade Loop – SL1 (Non-Designed)
2.2.1.2 2-wire Analog Voice Grade Loop – SL2 (Designed)
2.2.1.3 4-wire Analog Voice Grade Loop (Designed)
2.2.2 Unbundled Voice Loops (UVL) may be provisioned using any type of facility that
will support voice grade services. This may include loaded copper, non-loaded
copper, digital loop carrier systems, fiber/copper combination (hybrid loop) or a
combination of any of these facilities. BellSouth, in the normal course of
maintaining, repairing, and configuring its network, may also change the facilities
that are used to provide any given voice grade circuit. This change may occur at
any time. In these situations, BellSouth will only ensure that the newly provided
facility will support voice grade services. BellSouth will not guarantee that Level
3 will be able to continue to provide any advanced services over the new facility.
BellSouth will offer UVL in two different service levels - Service Level One (SL1)
and Service Level Two (SL2).
2.2.3 Unbundled Voice Loop - SL1 (UVL-SL1) Loops are 2-wire Loop start circuits,
will be non-designed, and will not have remote access test points. OC will be
offered as a chargeable option on SL1 Loops when reuse of existing facilities has
been requested by Level 3. Level 3 may also order OC-TS when a specified
conversion time is requested. OC-TS is a chargeable option for any coordinated
order and is billed in addition to the OC charge. An Engineering Information (EI)
document can be ordered as a chargeable option. The EI document provides Loop
Make-Up information which is similar to the information normally provided in a
Design Layout Record (DLR). Upon issuance of a non-coordinated order in the
service order system, SL1 Loops will be activated on the due date in the same
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 74 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 12
manner and time frames that BellSouth normally activates POTS-type Loops for
its End Users.
2.2.4 For an additional charge BellSouth will make available Loop Testing so that Level
3 may request further testing on new UVL-SL1 Loops. Rates for Loop Testing
are as set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment.
2.2.5 Unbundled Voice Loop – SL2 (UVL-SL2) Loops may be 2-wire or 4-wire
circuits, shall have remote access test points, and will be designed with a DLR
provided to Level 3. SL2 circuits can be provisioned with loop start, ground start
or reverse battery signaling. OC is provided as a standard feature on SL2 Loops.
The OC feature will allow Level 3 to coordinate the installation of the Loop with
the disconnect of an existing customer’s service and/or number portability service.
In these cases, BellSouth will perform the order conversion with standard order
coordination at its discretion during normal work hours.
2.3 Unbundled Digital Loops
2.3.1 BellSouth will offer Unbundled Digital Loops (UDL). UDLs are service specific,
will be designed, will be provisioned with test points (where appropriate), and will
come standard with OC and a DLR. The various UDLs are intended to support a
specific digital transmission scheme or service.
2.3.2 BellSouth shall make available the following UDLs, subject to restrictions set forth
herein:
2.3.2.1 2-wire Unbundled ISDN Digital Loop
2.3.2.2 2-wire Unbundled ADSL Compatible Loop
2.3.2.3 2-wire Unbundled HDSL Compatible Loop
2.3.2.4 4-wire Unbundled HDSL Compatible Loop
2.3.2.5 4-wire Unbundled DS1 Digital Loop
2.3.2.6 4-wire Unbundled Digital Loop/DS0 – 64 kbps, 56 kbps and below
2.3.2.7 DS3 Loop
2.3.2.8 STS-1 Loop
2.3.3 2-Wire Unbundled ISDN Digital Loops will be provisioned according to industry
standards for 2-Wire Basic Rate ISDN services and will come standard with a test
point, OC, and a DLR. Level 3 will be responsible for providing BellSouth with a
Service Profile Identifier (SPID) associated with a particular ISDN-capable Loop
and End User. With the SPID, BellSouth will be able to adequately test the circuit
and ensure that it properly supports ISDN service.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 75 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 13
2.3.3.1 Upon the Effective Date of this Agreement, Universal Digital Channel (UDC)
elements will no longer be offered by BellSouth and no new orders for UDC will
be accepted. Any existing UDCs that were provisioned prior to the Effective Date
of this Agreement will be grandfathered at the rates set forth in the Parties’
interconnection agreement that was in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Date of this Agreement. Existing UDCs that were provisioned prior to the
Effective Date of this Agreement may remain connected, maintained and repaired
according to BellSouth’s TR73600 until such time as they are disconnected by
Level 3 or BellSouth provides ninety (90) calendar days notice that such UDC
must be terminated. Level 3 may order an ISDN loop, if available, to provide the
same functionality as the previously offered UDC product.
2.3.4 2-Wire ADSL-Compatible Loop. This is a designed Loop that is provisioned
according to Revised Resistance Design (RRD) criteria and may be up to 18,000
feet long and may have up to 6,000 feet of bridged tap (inclusive of Loop length).
The Loop is a 2-wire circuit and will come standard with a test point, OC, and a
DLR.
2.3.5 2-Wire or 4-Wire HDSL-Compatible Loop. This is a designed Loop that meets
Carrier Serving Area (CSA) specifications, may be up to 12,000 feet long and may
have up to 2,500 feet of bridged tap (inclusive of Loop length). It may be a 2-wire
or 4-wire circuit and will come standard with a test point, OC, and a DLR.
2.3.6 4-Wire Unbundled DS1 Digital Loop. This is a designed 4-wire Loop that is
provisioned according to industry standards for DS1 or Primary Rate ISDN
services and will come standard with a test point, OC, and a DLR. A DS1 Loop
may be provisioned over a variety of loop transmission technologies including
copper, HDSL-based technology or fiber optic transport systems. It will include a
4-Wire DS1 Network Interface at the End User’s location.
2.3.7 4-Wire Unbundled Digital/DS0 Loop. These are designed 4-wire Loops that may
be configured as 64kbps, 56kbps, 19kbps, and other sub-rate speeds associated
with digital data services and will come standard with a test point, OC, and a DLR.
2.3.8 DS3 Loop. DS3 Loop is a two-point digital transmission path which provides for
simultaneous two-way transmission of serial, bipolar, return-to-zero isochronous
digital electrical signals at a transmission rate of 44.736 megabits per second
(Mbps) that is dedicated to the use of the ordering CLEC in its provisioning of
local exchange and associated exchange access services. It may provide transport
for twenty-eight (28) DS1 channels, each of which provides the digital equivalent
of twenty-four (24) analog voice grade channels.
The interface to unbundled dedicated DS3 transport is a metallic-based electrical
interface.
2.3.9 STS-1 Loop. STS-1 Loop is a high-capacity digital transmission path with
SONET VT1.5 mapping that is dedicated for the use of the ordering customer for
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 76 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 14
the purpose of provisioning local exchange and associated exchange access
services. It is a two-point digital transmission path which provides for
simultaneous two-way transmission of serial bipolar return-to-zero synchronous
digital electrical signals at a transmission rate of 51.84 megabits per second
(Mbps). It may provide transport for twenty-eight (28) DS1 channels, each of
which provides the digital equivalent of twenty-four (24) analog voice grade
channels. The interface to unbundled dedicated STS-1 transport is a metallic-
based electrical interface.
2.3.10 Both DS3 Loop and STS-1 Loop require a Service Inquiry (SI) in order to
ascertain availability.
2.3.11 If DS3/STS-1 Loops are not readily available but can be made available through
routine network modifications, as defined in Section 1.8.2 of this Attachment.
Level 3 may request BellSouth to perform such routine network modifications.
The request may not be used to place fiber.
2.3.12 DS3 services come with a test point and a DLR. Mileage is airline miles, rounded

up and a minimum of one mile applies. BellSouth TR 73501 LightGate Service
Interface and Performance Specifications, Issue D, June 1995 applies to DS3
services.
2.3.13 Level 3 may access a total capacity of two (2) DS3s per any single End User
location at the Network Element rates set forth in Exhibit A.
2.4 Unbundled Copper Loops (UCL)
2.4.1 BellSouth shall make available Unbundled Copper Loops (UCLs). The UCL is a
copper twisted pair Loop that is unencumbered by any intervening equipment (e.g.,
filters, load coils, range extenders, digital loop carrier, or repeaters) and is not
intended to support any particular telecommunications service. The UCL will be
offered in two types – Designed and Non-Designed.
2.4.2 Unbundled Copper Loop – Designed (UCL-D)
2.4.2.1 The UCL-D will be provisioned as a dry copper twisted pair (2- or 4-wire) Loop
that is unencumbered by any intervening equipment (e.g., filters, load coils, range
extenders, digital loop carrier, or repeaters).
2.4.2.2 A UCL-D will be 18,000 feet or less in length and is provisioned according to
Resistance Design parameters, may have up to 6,000 feet of bridged tap and will
have up to 1300 Ohms of resistance.
2.4.2.3 The UCL-D is a designed circuit, is provisioned with a test point, and comes
standard with a DLR. OC is a chargeable option for a UCL-D; however, OC is
always required on UCLs where a reuse of existing facilities has been requested by
Level 3.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 77 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 15
2.4.2.4 These Loops are not intended to support any particular services and may be
utilized by Level 3 to provide a wide-range of telecommunications services as long
as those services do not significantly degrade BellSouth’s network. This facility
will include a Network Interface Device (NID) at the customer’s location for the
purpose of connecting the Loop to the customer’s inside wire.
2.4.2.5 Upon the Effective Date of this Agreement, Unbundled Copper Loop – Long
(UCL-L) elements will no longer be offered by BellSouth and no new orders for
UCL-L will be accepted. Any existing UCL-Ls that were provisioned prior to the
Effective Date of this Agreement will be grandfathered at the rates set forth in the
Parties’ interconnection agreement that was in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Date of this Agreement. Existing UCL-Ls that were provisioned prior to
the Effective Date of this Agreement may remain connected, maintained and
repaired according to BellSouth’s TR73600 and may remain connected until such
time as they are disconnected by Level 3 or BellSouth provides ninety (90)
calendar days notice that such UCL-L must be terminated.
2.4.3 Unbundled Copper Loop – Non-Designed (UCL-ND)
2.4.3.1 The UCL–ND is provisioned as a dedicated 2-wire metallic transmission facility
from BellSouth’s Main Distribution Frame (MDF) to a customer’s premises
(including the NID). The UCL-ND will be a “dry copper” facility in that it will not
have any intervening equipment such as load coils, repeaters, or digital access main
lines (DAMLs), and may have up to 6,000 feet of bridged tap between the End
User’s premises and the serving wire center. The UCL-ND typically will be 1300
Ohms resistance and in most cases will not exceed 18,000 feet in length, although
the UCL-ND will not have a specific length limitation. For Loops less than 18,000
feet and with less than 1300 Ohms resistance, the Loop will provide a voice grade
transmission channel suitable for Loop start signaling and the transport of analog
voice grade signals. The UCL-ND will not be designed and will not be
provisioned with either a DLR or a test point.
2.4.3.2 The UCL-ND facilities may be mechanically assigned using BellSouth’s
assignment systems. Therefore, the Loop Makeup (LMU) process is not required
to order and provision the UCL-ND. However, Level 3 can request LMU for
which additional charges would apply.
2.4.3.3 For an additional charge, BellSouth also will make available Loop Testing so that
Level 3 may request further testing on the UCL-ND. Rates for Loop Testing are
as set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment.
2.4.3.4 UCL-ND Loops are not intended to support any particular service and may be
utilized by Level 3 to provide a wide-range of telecommunications services as long
as those services do not adversely affect BellSouth’s network. The UCL-ND will
include a NID at the customer’s location for the purpose of connecting the Loop
to the customer’s inside wire.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 78 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 16
2.4.3.5 OC will be provided as a chargeable option and may be utilized when the UCL-ND
provisioning is associated with the reuse of BellSouth facilities. OC-TS does not
apply to this product.
2.4.3.6 Level 3 may use BellSouth’s Unbundled Loop Modification (ULM) offering to
remove excessive bridged taps and/or load coils from any copper Loop within the
BellSouth network. Therefore, some Loops that would not qualify as UCL-ND
could be transformed into Loops that do qualify, using the ULM process.
2.5 Unbundled Loop Modifications (Line Conditioning)
2.5.1 Line Conditioning is defined as routine network modification that BellSouth
regularly undertakes to provide xDSL services to its own customers. This may
include the removal of any device, from a copper Loop or copper Sub-loop that
may diminish the capability of the Loop or Sub-loop to deliver high-speed
switched wireline telecommunications capability, including xDSL service. Such
devices include, but are not limited to, load coils, excessive bridged taps, low pass
filters, and range extenders. Excessive bridged taps are bridged taps that serves no
network design purpose and that are beyond the limits set according to industry
standards and/or the BellSouth TR 73600.
2.5.2 BellSouth will remove load coils only on copper loops and sub-loops.
2.5.3 For any copper loop being ordered by Level 3 which has over 6,000 feet of
combined bridged tap will be modified, upon request from Level 3, so that the loop
will have a maximum of 6,000 feet of bridged tap. This modification will be
performed at no additional charge to Level 3. Loop conditioning orders that
require the removal of bridged tap that serves no network design purpose on a
copper loop that will result in a combined total of bridged tap between 2,500 and
6,000 feet will be performed at the rates set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment.
2.5.4 Level 3 may request removal of any unnecessary and non-excessive bridged tap
(bridged tap between 0 and 2,500 feet which serves no network design purpose)
pursuant to BellSouth’s Special Construction Process as mutually agreed to by the
Parties
2.5.5 Rates for ULM are as set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment.
2.5.6 BellSouth will not modify a Loop in such a way that it no longer meets the
technical parameters of the original Loop type (e.g., voice grade, ADSL, etc.)
being ordered.
2.5.7 If Level 3 requests ULM on a reserved facility for a new loop order, BellSouth
may perform a pair change and provision a different loop facility in lieu of the
reserved facility with ULM if feasible. The loop provisioned will meet or exceed
specifications of the requested loop facility as modified. Level 3 will not be
charged for ULM if a different loop is provisioned. For loops that require a DLR
or its equivalent, BellSouth will provide LMU detail of the loop provisioned.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 79 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 17
2.5.8 Level 3 shall request Loop make up information pursuant to this Attachment prior
to submitting a service inquiry and/or a LSR for the Loop type that Level 3 desires
BellSouth to condition.
2.5.9 When requesting ULM for a Loop that BellSouth has previously provisioned for
Level 3, Level 3 will submit a service inquiry to BellSouth. If a spare Loop facility
that meets the loop modification specifications requested by Level 3 is available at
the location for which the ULM was requested, Level 3 will have the option to
change the Loop facility to the qualifying spare facility rather than to provide
ULM. In the event that BellSouth changes the Loop facility in lieu of providing
ULM, Level 3 will not be charged for ULM but will only be charged the service
order charges for submitting an order.
2.6 Loop Provisioning Involving Integrated Digital Loop Carriers
2.6.1 Where Level 3 has requested an Unbundled Loop and BellSouth uses IDLC
systems to provide the local service to the End User and BellSouth has a suitable
alternate facility available, BellSouth will make such alternative facilities available
to Level 3. If a suitable alternative facility is not available, then to the extent it is
technically feasible, BellSouth will implement one of the following alternative
arrangements for Level 3 (e.g. hairpinning):
1. Roll the circuit(s) from the IDLC to any spare copper that exists to the
customer premises.
2. Roll the circuit(s) from the IDLC to an existing DLC that is not integrated.
3. If capacity exists, provide "side-door" porting through the switch.
4. If capacity exists, provide "Digital Access Cross Connect System (DACS)-
door" porting (if the IDLC routes through a DACS prior to integration into the
switch).
2.6.2 Arrangements 3 and 4 above require the use of a designed circuit. Therefore, non-
designed Loops such as the SL1 voice grade and UCL-ND may not be ordered in
these cases.
2.6.3 If no alternate facility is available, and upon request from Level 3, and if agreed to
by both Parties, BellSouth may utilize its Special Construction (SC) process to
determine the additional costs required to provision facilities. Level 3 will then
have the option of paying the one-time SC rates to place the Loop.
2.7 Network Interface Device
2.7.1 The NID is defined as any means of interconnection of the End User’s customer
premises wiring to BellSouth’s distribution plant, such as a cross connect device
used for that purpose. The NID is a single-line termination device or that portion
of a multiple line termination device required to terminate a single line or circuit at
the premises. The NID features two independent chambers or divisions that
separate the service provider’s network from the End User’s customer premises
wiring. Each chamber or division contains the appropriate connection points or
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 80 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 18
posts to which the service provider and the End User each make their connections.
The NID provides a protective ground connection and is capable of terminating
cables such as twisted pair cable.
2.7.2 BellSouth shall permit Level 3 to connect Level 3’s Loop facilities to the End
User’s customer premises wiring through the BellSouth NID or at any other
technically feasible point.
2.7.3 Access to NID
2.7.3.1 Level 3 may access the End User’s customer premises wiring by any of the
following means and Level 3 shall not disturb the existing form of electrical
protection and shall maintain the physical integrity of the NID:
2.7.3.1.1 BellSouth shall allow Level 3 to connect its Loops directly to BellSouth’s multi-
line residential NID enclosures that have additional space and are not used by
BellSouth or any other telecommunications carriers to provide service to the
premises.
2.7.3.1.2 Where an adequate length of the End User’s customer premises wiring is present
and environmental conditions permit, either Party may remove the customer
premises wiring from the other Party’s NID and connect such wiring to that
Party’s own NID;
2.7.3.1.3 Either Party may enter the subscriber access chamber or dual chamber NID
enclosures for the purpose of extending a connect divisioned or spliced jumper
wire from the customer premises wiring through a suitable “punch-out” hole of
such NID enclosures; or
2.7.3.1.4 Level 3 may request BellSouth to make other rearrangements to the End User
customer premises wiring terminations or terminal enclosure on a time and
materials cost basis.
2.7.3.2 In no case shall either Party remove or disconnect the other Party’s Loop facilities
from either Party’s NIDs, enclosures, or protectors unless the applicable
Commission has expressly permitted the same and the disconnecting Party
provides prior notice to the other Party. In such cases, it shall be the responsibility
of the Party disconnecting Loop facilities to leave undisturbed the existing form of
electrical protection and to maintain the physical integrity of the NID. It will be
Level 3’s responsibility to ensure there is no safety hazard, and Level 3 will hold
BellSouth harmless for any liability associated with the removal of the BellSouth
Loop from the BellSouth NID. Furthermore, it shall be the responsibility of the
disconnecting Party, once the other Party’s Loop has been disconnected from the
NID, to reconnect the disconnected Loop to a nationally recognized testing
laboratory listed station protector, which has been grounded as per Article 800 of
the National Electrical Code. If no spare station protector exists in the NID, the
disconnected Loop must be appropriately cleared, capped and stored.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 81 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 19
2.7.3.3 Level 3 shall not remove or disconnect ground wires from BellSouth’s NIDs,
enclosures, or protectors.
2.7.3.4 Level 3 shall not remove or disconnect NID modules, protectors, or terminals from
BellSouth’s NID enclosures.
2.7.3.5 Due to the wide variety of NID enclosures and outside plant environments,
BellSouth will work with Level 3 to develop specific procedures to establish the
most effective means of implementing this section if the procedures set forth herein
do not apply to the NID in question.
2.7.4 Technical Requirements
2.7.4.1 The NID shall provide an accessible point of interconnection and shall maintain a
connection to ground.
2.7.4.2 If an existing NID is accessed, it shall be capable of transferring electrical analog
or digital signals between the End User’s customer premises and the distribution
media and/or cross connect to Level 3’s NID.
2.7.4.3 Existing BellSouth NIDs will be provided in “as is” condition. Level 3 may
request BellSouth to do additional work to the NID on a time and material basis.
When Level 3 deploys its own local Loops in a multiple-line termination device,
Level 3 shall specify the quantity of NID connections that it requires within such
device.
2.8 Sub-loop Elements
2.8.1 Where existing capacity is available, BellSouth shall offer access to its Unbundled
Sub-Loop (USL) elements as specified herein.
2.8.2 Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution (USL)
2.8.2.1 The Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution facility is a dedicated transmission facility
that BellSouth provides from an End User’s point of demarcation to a BellSouth
technically feasible accessible terminal, as defined in CFR 51.319. The BellSouth
technically feasible accessible terminal may be located within a remote terminal
(RT) or a stand-alone technically feasible accessible terminal in the field or in the
equipment room of a building. The unbundled sub-loop distribution media is a
copper twisted pair that can be provisioned as a 2-Wire or 4-Wire facility.
Unbundled subloops shall be available to Level 3 irrespective of the capacity level
or type of loop such carrier will provide to its customer at that premises. Bell
South shall provide access to unbundled subloops without requiring collocation.
BellSouth will make available the following sub-loop distribution offerings where
facilities exist:
Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution – Voice Grade
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 82 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 20
Unbundled Copper Sub-Loop
Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution – Intrabuilding Network Cable (aka
riser cable)
2.8.2.2 Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution – Voice Grade (USLD-VG) is a copper sub-
loop facility from the cross-box in the field up to and including the point of
demarcation at the End User’s premises and may have load coils.
2.8.2.3 Unbundled Copper Sub-Loop (UCSL) is a copper facility of any length provided
from the cross-box in the field up to and including the End User’s point of
demarcation. If available, this facility will not have any intervening equipment such
as load coils between the End User and the cross-box.
2.8.2.3.1 If Level 3 requests a UCSL and it is not available, Level 3 may request the copper
Sub-Loop facility be modified pursuant to the ULM process to remove load coils
and/or excessive bridged taps. If load coils and/or excessive bridged taps are
removed, the facility will be classified as a UCSL.
2.8.2.4 Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution – Intrabuilding Network Cable (USLD-INC) is
the distribution facility owned or controlled by BellSouth inside a building or
between buildings on the same property that is not separated by a public street or
road. USLD-INC includes the facility from the cross connect device in the
building equipment room up to and including the point of demarcation at the End
User’s premises. USLD-INC shall be available to Level 3 irrespective of the
capacity level or type of loop such carrier will provide to its customer at that
premises. Bell South shall provide access to USLD-INC without requiring
collocation.
2.8.2.4.1 Upon request for USLD-INC from Level 3, BellSouth will install a cross connect
panel in the building equipment room for the purpose of accessing USLD-INC
pairs from a building equipment room. The cross-connect panel will function as a
single point of interconnection (SPOI) for USLD-INC and will be accessible by
multiple carriers as space permits. BellSouth will place cross-connect blocks in
25-pair increments for Level 3’s use on this cross-connect panel. Level 3 will be
responsible for connecting its facilities to the 25-pair cross-connect block(s).
2.8.2.5 For access to Voice Grade USLD and UCSL, Level 3 shall install a cable to the
BellSouth cross-box pursuant to the terms and conditions for physical collocation
for remote sites set forth in this Agreement. This cable would be connected by a
BellSouth technician within the BellSouth cross-box during the set-up process.
Level 3’s cable pairs can then be connected to BellSouth’s USL within the
BellSouth cross-box by the BellSouth technician.
2.8.2.6 Through the SI process, BellSouth will determine whether access to Unbundled
Sub-Loops at the location requested by Level 3 is technically feasible and whether
sufficient capacity exists in the cross-box. If existing capacity is sufficient to meet
Level 3’s request, then BellSouth will perform the site set-up as described in the
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 83 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 21
CLEC Information Package, located at the website address:
http://www.interconnection.bellsouth.com/products/html/unes.html.
2.8.2.7 The site set-up must be completed before Level 3 can order sub-loop pairs. For
the site set-up in a BellSouth cross-connect box in the field, BellSouth will perform
the necessary work to splice Level 3’s cable into the cross-connect box. For the
site set-up inside a building equipment room, BellSouth will perform the necessary
work to install the cross-connect panel and the connecting block(s) that will be
used to provide access to the requested USLs.
2.8.2.8 Once the site set-up is complete, Level 3 will request sub-loop pairs through
submission of a LSR form to the Local Carrier Service Center (LCSC). OC is
required with USL pair provisioning when Level 3 requests reuse of an existing
facility, and the Order Coordination charge shall be billed in addition to the USL
pair rate. For expedite requests by Level 3 for sub-loop pairs, expedite charges
will apply for intervals less than five (5) calendar days.
2.8.2.9 Unbundled Sub-Loops will be provided in accordance with technical reference
TR73600.
2.8.3 Unbundled Network Terminating Wire (UNTW)
2.8.3.1 UNTW is unshielded twisted copper wiring that is used to extend circuits from an
intra-building network cable terminal or from a building entrance terminal to an
individual End User’s point of demarcation. It is the final portion of the Loop that
in multi-subscriber configurations represents the point at which the network
branches out to serve individual subscribers.
2.8.3.2 This element will be provided in Multi-Dwelling Units (MDUs) and/or Multi-
Tenants Units (MTUs) where either Party owns wiring all the way to the End
User’s premises. Neither Party will provide this element in locations where the
property owner provides its own wiring to the End User’s premises, where a third
party owns the wiring to the End User’s premises. UNTW shall be available to
Level 3 irrespective of the capacity level or type of loop such carrier will provide
to its customer at that premises. Bell South shall provide access to UNTW
without requiring collocation.
2.8.3.3 Requirements
2.8.3.3.1 On a multi-unit premises, upon request of the other Party (Requesting Party), the
Party owning the network terminating wire (Provisioning Party) will provide
access to UNTW pairs on an Access Terminal that is suitable for use by multiple
carriers at each Garden Terminal or Wiring Closet.
2.8.3.3.2 The Provisioning Party shall not be required to install new or additional NTW
beyond existing NTW to provision the services of the Requesting Party.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 84 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 22
2.8.3.3.3 In existing MDUs and/or MTUs where Level 3 owns or controls NTW in which
BellSouth does not own or control wiring (INC/NTW) to the End Users premises,
Level 3 will install UNTW Access Terminals for BellSouth in accordance with
State rules.
2.8.3.3.4 In situations in which BellSouth activates a UNTW pair, BellSouth will
compensate Level 3 for each pair activated commensurate to the price specified in
Level 3’s Agreement.
2.8.3.3.5 Upon receipt of the UNTW SI requesting access to the Provisioning Party’s
UNTW pairs at a multi-unit premises, representatives of both Parties will
participate in a meeting at the site of the requested access. The purpose of the site
visit will include discussion of the procedures for installation and location of the
Access Terminals. By request of the Requesting Party, an Access Terminal will be
installed either adjacent to each of the Provisioning Party’s Garden Terminal or
inside each Wiring Closet. The Requesting Party will deliver and connect its
central office facilities to the UNTW pairs within the Access Terminal. The
Requesting Party may access any available pair on an Access Terminal. A pair is
available when a pair is not being utilized to provide service or where the End User
has requested a change in its local service provider to the Requesting Party. Prior
to connecting the Requesting Party’s service on a pair previously used by the
Provisioning Party, the Requesting Party is responsible for ensuring the End User
is no longer using the Provisioning Party’s service or another CLEC’s service
before accessing UNTW pairs.
2.8.3.3.6 Access Terminal installation intervals will be established on an individual case
basis.
2.8.3.3.7 The Requesting Party is responsible for obtaining the property owner’s permission
for the Provisioning Party to install an Access Terminal(s) on behalf of the
Requesting Party. The submission of the SI by the Requesting Party will serve as
certification by the Requesting Party that such permission has been obtained. If
the property owner objects to Access Terminal installations that are in progress or
subsequent to completion and demands removal of Access Terminals, the
Requesting Party will be responsible for costs associated with removing Access
Terminals and restoring the property to its original state prior to Access Terminals
being installed.
2.8.3.3.8 The Requesting Party shall indemnify and hold harmless the Provisioning Party
against any claims of any kind that may arise out of the Requesting Party’s failure
to obtain the property owner’s permission. The Requesting Party will be billed for
nonrecurring and recurring charges for accessing UNTW pairs at the time the
Requesting Party activates the pair(s). The Requesting Party will notify the
Provisioning Party within five (5) business days of activating UNTW pairs using
the LSR form.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 85 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 23
2.8.3.3.9 If a trouble exists on a UNTW pair, the Requesting Party may use an alternate
spare pair that serves that End User if a spare pair is available. In such cases, the
Requesting Party will re-terminate its existing jumper from the defective pair to the
spare pair. Alternatively, the Requesting Party will isolate and report troubles in
the manner specified by the Provisioning Party. The Requesting Party must tag the
UNTW pair that requires repair. If the Provisioning Party dispatches a technician
on a reported trouble call and no UNTW trouble is found, the Provisioning Party
will charge Requesting Party for time spent on the dispatch and testing the UNTW
pair(s).
2.8.3.3.10 If the Requesting Party initiates the Access Terminal installation and the
Requesting Party has not activated at least ten (10) percent of the capacity of the
Access Terminal installed pursuant to the Requesting Party’s request for an Access
Terminal within six (6) months of installation of the Access Terminal, the
Provisioning Party will bill the Requesting Party a nonrecurring charge equal to the
actual cost of provisioning the Access Terminal.
2.8.3.3.11 If the Provisioning Party determines that the Requesting Party is using the UNTW
pairs without reporting the activation of the pairs, the Requesting Party will be
billed for the use of that pair back to the date the End User began receiving service
from the Requesting Party at that location. Upon request, the Requesting Party
will provide copies of its billing record to substantiate such date. If the Requesting
Party fails to provide such records, then the Provisioning Party will bill the
Requesting Party back to the date of the Access Terminal installation.
2.8.4 Unbundled Sub-Loop Feeder
2.8.4.1 Upon the Effective Date of this Agreement, Unbundled Sub-Loop Feeder (USLF)
elements will no longer be offered by BellSouth at TELRIC prices. Within ninety
(90) calendar days of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Level 3 will either
negotiate market-based rates for these elements or will issue orders to have these
elements disconnected. If, after this ninety (90)-day period, market-based rates
have not been negotiated and Level 3 has not issued the appropriate disconnect
orders, BellSouth may immediately disconnect any remaining USLF elements and
will bill Level 3 any applicable disconnect charges.
2.8.5 Unbundled Loop Concentration
2.8.5.1 Upon the Effective Date of this Agreement, the Unbundled Loop Concentration
(ULC) element will no longer be offered by BellSouth and no new orders for ULC
will be accepted. Any existing ULCs that were provisioned prior to the Effective
Date of this Agreement will be grandfathered at the rates set forth in the Parties’
interconnection agreement that was in effect immediately prior to this Agreement
and may remain connected, maintained and repaired according to BellSouth’s
TR73600 until such time as they are disconnected by Level 3, or BellSouth
provides ninety (90) calendar days notice that such ULC must be terminated.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 86 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 24
2.8.6 Dark Fiber Loop
2.8.6.1 Dark Fiber Loop is an unused optical transmission facility, without attached signal
regeneration, multiplexing, aggregation or other electronics, from the demarcation
point at an End User’s premises to the End User’s serving wire center. Dark
Fiber Loops may be strands of optical fiber existing in aerial or underground
structure. BellSouth will not provide line terminating elements, regeneration or
other electronics necessary for Level 3 to utilize Dark Fiber Loops.
2.8.6.2 If Dark Fiber Loop is not readily available but can be made available through
routine network modifications, as defined in Section 1.8.2 of this Attachment.
Level 3 may request BellSouth to perform such routine network modifications.
The request may not be used to place fiber.
2.8.6.3 Requirements
2.8.6.3.1 BellSouth shall make available Dark Fiber Loop where it exists in BellSouth’s
network and where, as a result of future building or deployment, it becomes
available. Dark Fiber Loop will not be deemed available if: (1) it is used by
BellSouth for maintenance and repair purposes, (2) it is designated for use
pursuant to a firm order placed by another customer; (3) it is restricted for use by
all carriers, including BellSouth, because of transmission problems or because it is
scheduled for removal due to documented changes to roads and infrastructure; or
(4) BellSouth has funded, documented plans to use the fiber within a two-year
planning period. BellSouth is not required to place the fiber for Dark Fiber Loop if
none is available.
2.8.6.3.2 Level 3 is solely responsible for testing the quality of the Dark Fiber to determine
its usability and performance specifications.
2.8.6.3.3 BellSouth shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Level 3
information regarding the location, availability and performance of Dark Fiber
Loop within ten (10) business days after receiving a SI from Level 3.
2.8.6.3.4 If Bell South determines that Dark Fiber Loop is not available over a particular
route, in its response, and upon receipt of acceptable non-disclosure agreement
from Level 3, Bell South will provide information regarding: (i) the number of
dark fiber strands reserved for maintenance purposes, (ii) the number of fiber
strands reserved for Bell South’s firm customer orders, (iii) the number of fiber
strands otherwise not available for one of the reasons provided in section 6.4.3.1
above, and (iv) the total number of strands on the requested route. In this
response, Bell South shall also inform Level 3 if a routine network modification
could be implemented to make dark fiber available along the requested route. In its
response, Bell South will inform Level 3 if fewer than the requested number of
dark fiber strands are available on the requested route. Nothing herein shall be
construed to limit Level 3’s ability to challenge, at the Commission, BellSouth’s
determination that dark fiber is unavailable.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 87 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 25
2.8.6.3.5 If the requested Dark Fiber Loop is available, BellSouth shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to provision the Dark Fiber Loop to Level 3 within twenty (20)
business days after Level 3 submits a valid, error free LSR. Provisioning includes
identification of appropriate connection points (e.g., Light Guide Interconnection
(LGX)) to enable Level 3 to connect Level 3 provided transmission media (e.g.,
optical fiber) or equipment to the Dark Fiber Loop.
2.9 Loop Makeup
2.9.1 Description of Service
2.9.1.1 BellSouth shall make available to Level 3 LMU information so that Level 3 can
make an independent judgment about whether the Loop is capable of supporting
the advanced services equipment Level 3 intends to install and the services Level 3
wishes to provide. This section addresses LMU as a preordering transaction,
distinct from Level 3 ordering any other service(s). Loop Makeup Service
Inquiries (LMUSI) and mechanized LMU queries for preordering LMU are
likewise unique from other preordering functions with associated SIs as described
in this Agreement.
2.9.1.2 BellSouth will provide Level 3 LMU information consisting of the composition of
the Loop material (copper/fiber); the existence, location and type of equipment on
the Loop, including but not limited to digital loop carrier or other remote
concentration devices, feeder/distribution interfaces, bridged taps, load coils, pair-
gain devices; the Loop length; the wire gauge and electrical parameters.
2.9.1.3 BellSouth’s LMU information is provided to Level 3 as it exists either in
BellSouth's databases or in its hard copy facility records. BellSouth does not
guarantee accuracy or reliability of the LMU information provided.
2.9.1.4 BellSouth’s provisioning of LMU information to the requesting CLEC for facilities
is contingent upon either BellSouth or the requesting CLEC controlling the
Loop(s) that serve the service location for which LMU information has been
requested by the CLEC. The requesting CLEC is not authorized to receive LMU
information on a facility used or controlled by another CLEC unless BellSouth
receives a Letter of Authorization (LOA) from the voice CLEC (owner) or its
authorized agent on the LMUSI submitted by the requesting CLEC.
2.9.1.5 Level 3 may choose to use equipment that it deems will enable it to provide a
certain type and level of service over a particular BellSouth Loop as long as that
advanced services equipment does not significantly degrade other services on the
BellSouth network. The issue of significant degradation by advanced services
equipment will be resolved in accordance with FCC rule 51.233. The
determination shall be made solely by Level 3 and BellSouth shall not be liable in
any way for the performance of the advanced data services provisioned over said
Loop. The specific Loop type (ADSL, HDSL, or otherwise) ordered on the LSR
must match the LMU of the Loop reserved taking into consideration any requisite
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 88 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 26
line conditioning. The LMU data is provided for informational purposes only and
does not guarantee Level 3’s ability to provide advanced data services over the
ordered Loop type. Further, if Level 3 orders Loops that do not require a specific
facility medium (i.e. copper only) or Loops that are not intended to support
advanced services (such as UV-SL1, UV-SL2, or ISDN compatible Loops) and
that are not inventoried as advanced services Loops, the LMU information for
such Loops is subject to change at any time due to modifications and/or upgrades
to BellSouth’s network. Level 3 is fully responsible for any of its service
configurations that may differ from BellSouth's technical standard for the Loop
type ordered.
2.9.2 Submitting Loop Makeup Service Inquiries
2.9.2.1 Level 3 may obtain LMU information by submitting a mechanized LMU query or a
Manual LMUSI. Mechanized LMUs should be submitted through BellSouth's
OSS interfaces. After obtaining the Loop information from the mechanized LMU
process, if Level 3 needs further Loop information in order to determine Loop
service capability, Level 3 may initiate a separate Manual Service Inquiry for a
separate nonrecurring charge as set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment.
2.9.2.2 Manual LMUSIs shall be submitted according to the guidelines in the LMU CLEC
Information Package, incorporated herein by reference, as it may be amended from
time to time, which can be found at the following BellSouth website:
http://interconnection.bellsouth.com/guides/html/unes.html . The service interval
for the return of a Manual LMUSI is three (3) business days. Manual LMUSIs are
not subject to expedite requests. This service interval is distinct from the interval
applied to the subsequent service order.
2.9.3 Loop Reservations
2.9.3.1 For a Mechanized LMUSI, Level 3 may reserve up to ten (10) Loop facilities. For
a Manual LMUSI, Level 3 may reserve up to three (3) Loop facilities.
2.9.3.2 Level 3 may reserve facilities for up to four (4) business days for each facility
requested through LMU from the time the LMU information is returned to Level
3. During and prior to Level 3 placing an LSR, the reserved facilities are rendered
unavailable to other customers, including BellSouth. If Level 3 does not submit an
LSR for a UNE service on a reserved facility within the four (4)-day reservation
timeframe, the reservation of that spare facility will become invalid and the facility
will be released.
2.9.3.3 Charges for preordering Manual LMUSI or Mechanized LMU are separate from
any charges associated with ordering other services from BellSouth.
2.9.3.4 All LSRs issued for reserved facilities shall reference the facility reservation
number as provided by BellSouth. Level 3 will not be billed any additional LMU
charges for the Loop ordered on such LSR. If, however, Level 3 does not reserve
facilities upon an initial LMUSI, Level 3’s placement of an order for an advanced
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 89 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 27
data service type facility will incur the appropriate billing charges to include SI and
reservation per Exhibit A of this Attachment.
2.9.3.5 Where Level 3 has reserved multiple Loop facilities on a single reservation, Level
3 may not specify which facility shall be provisioned when submitting the LSR.
For those occasions, BellSouth will assign to Level 3, subject to availability, a
facility that meets the BellSouth technical standards of the BellSouth type Loop as
ordered by Level 3.
3 Line Sharing
3.1 General
3.1.1 Line Sharing is defined as the process by which Level 3 provides digital subscriber
line service over the same copper loop that BellSouth uses to provide voice
service, with BellSouth using the low frequency portion of the loop and Level 3
using the high frequency spectrum (as defined below) of the loop.
3.1.2 Line Sharing arrangements in service as of October 1, 2003, will be grandfathered
until the earlier of the date the End User discontinues or moves service with Level
3. Grandfathered arrangements pursuant to this Section will be billed at the rates
set forth in Exhibit A.
3.1.3 For the period from October 2, 2003, through October 1, 2004, Level 3 may
request new Line Sharing arrangements. For Line Sharing arrangements placed in
service between October 2, 2003, and October 1, 2004, the rates will be as set
forth in Exhibit A. After October 1, 2004, Level 3 may not request new Line
Sharing arrangements under the terms of this Agreement.
3.1.4 The rates set forth herein will be applied retroactively back to the date set forth in
the Triennial Review Order.
3.1.5 As of the earlier of October 2, 2006, or the date that the End User discontinues or
moves service with Level 3, all Line Sharing arrangements pursuant to Section
3.1.3 of this Attachment shall be terminated.
3.1.6 The High Frequency Spectrum is defined as the frequency range above the
voiceband on a copper Loop facility carrying analog circuit-switched voiceband
transmissions. Access to the High Frequency Spectrum is intended to allow Level
3 the ability to provide Digital Subscriber Line (xDSL) data services to the End
User for which BellSouth provides voice services. The High Frequency Spectrum
shall be available for any version of xDSL complying with Spectrum Management
Class 5 of ANSI T1.417, American National Standard for Telecommunications,
Spectrum Management for Loop Transmission Systems. BellSouth will continue
to have access to the low frequency portion of the Loop spectrum (from 300 Hertz
to at least 3000 Hertz, and potentially up to 3400 Hertz, depending on equipment
and facilities) for the purposes of providing voice service. Level 3 shall only use
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 90 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 28
xDSL technology that is within the PSD mask for Spectrum Management Class 5
as found in the above-mentioned document.
3.1.7 Access to the High Frequency Spectrum requires an unloaded, 2-wire copper
Loop. An unloaded Loop is a copper Loop with no load coils, low-pass filters,
range extenders, DAMLs, or similar devices and minimal bridged taps consistent
with ANSI T1.413 and T1.601.
3.1.8 BellSouth will provide Loop Modification to Level 3 on an existing Loop in
accordance with procedures as specified in Section 2 of this Attachment.
BellSouth is not required to modify a Loop for access to the High Frequency
spectrum if modification of that Loop significantly degrades BellSouth’s voice
service. If Level 3 requests that BellSouth modify a Loop and such modification
significantly degrades the voice services on the Loop, Level 3 shall pay for the
Loop to be restored to its original state.
3.1.9 Line Sharing shall only be available on Loops on which BellSouth is also
providing, and continues to provide, analog voice service directly to the End User.
In the event the End User terminates its BellSouth provided voice service for any
reason, or in the event BellSouth disconnects the End User’s voice service
pursuant to its tariffs or applicable law, and Level 3 desires to continue providing
xDSL service on such Loop, Level 3 shall be required to purchase a full stand-
alone Loop UNE. To the extent commercially practicable, BellSouth shall give
Level 3 notice in a reasonable time prior to disconnect, which notice shall give
Level 3 an adequate opportunity to notify BellSouth of its intent to purchase such
Loop. In those cases in which BellSouth no longer provides voice service to the
End User and Level 3 purchases the full stand-alone Loop, Level 3 may elect the
type of Loop it will purchase. Level 3 will pay the appropriate recurring and
nonrecurring rates for such Loop as set forth in Exhibit A to this Attachment. In
the event Level 3 purchases a voice grade Loop, Level 3 acknowledges that such
Loop may not remain xDSL compatible.
3.1.10 If Level 3 reports a trouble on the High Frequency Spectrum of a Loop and no
trouble actually exists on the BellSouth portion, BellSouth will charge Level 3 for
any dispatching and testing (both inside and outside the CO) required by BellSouth
in order to confirm the working status. The rates charged for no trouble found
(NTF) shall be as set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment.
3.1.11 Only one CLEC shall be permitted access to the High Frequency Spectrum of any
particular Loop.
3.2 Provisioning of Line Sharing and Splitter Space
3.2.1 BellSouth will provide Level 3 with access to the High Frequency Spectrum as
follows:
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 91 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 29
3.2.1.1 To order High Frequency Spectrum on a particular Loop, Level 3 must have a
Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexer (DSLAM) collocated in the central
office that serves the End User of such Loop.
3.2.1.2 Level 3 may provide its own splitters or may order splitters in a central office once
it has installed its DSLAM in that central office. BellSouth will install splitters
within thirty-six (36) calendar days of Level 3’s submission of an error free Line
Splitter Ordering Document (LSOD) to the BellSouth Complex Resale Support
Group.
3.2.1.3 Once a splitter is installed on behalf of Level 3 in a central office in which Level 3
is located, Level 3 shall be entitled to order the High Frequency Spectrum on lines
served out of that central office. BellSouth will bill and Level 3 shall pay the
electronic or manual ordering charges as applicable when Level 3 orders High
Frequency Spectrum for End User service.
3.2.1.4 BellSouth shall test the data portion of the Loop to ensure the continuity of the
wiring for Level 3’s data.
3.3 BellSouth Provided Splitter – Line Sharing
3.3.1 BellSouth will select, purchase, install, and maintain a central office POTS splitter
and provide Level 3 access to data ports on the splitter. The splitter will route the
High Frequency Spectrum on the circuit to Level 3’s xDSL equipment in Level 3’s
collocation space. At least thirty (30) calendar days before making a change in
splitter suppliers, BellSouth will provide Level 3 with a carrier notification letter,
informing Level 3 of change. Level 3 shall purchase ports on the splitter in
increments of eight (8), twenty-four (24), or ninety-six (96) ports in Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina and South
Carolina. Level 3 shall purchase ports on the splitter in increments of twenty-four
(24) or ninety-six (96) ports in Tennessee.
3.3.2 BellSouth will install the splitter in (i) a common area close to Level 3’s
collocation area, if possible; or (ii) in a BellSouth relay rack as close to Level 3’s
DS0 termination point as possible. Level 3 shall have access to the splitter for test
purposes, regardless of where the splitter is placed in the BellSouth premises. For
purposes of this section, a common area is defined as an area in the central office
in which both Parties have access to a common test access point. A Termination
Point is defined as the point of termination for Level 3 on the main distributing
frame in the central office and is not the demarcation point set forth in Attachment
4 of this Agreement. BellSouth will cross-connect the splitter data ports to a
specified Level 3 DS0 at such time that a Level 3 End User’s service is established.
3.4 CLEC Provided Splitter – Line Sharing
3.4.1 Level 3 may at its option purchase, install and maintain central office POTS
splitters in its collocation arrangements. Level 3 may use such splitters for access
to its customers and to provide digital line subscriber services to its customers
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 92 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 30
using the High Frequency Spectrum. Existing Collocation rules and procedures
and the terms and conditions relating to Collocation set forth in Attachment 4-
Central Office shall apply.
3.4.2 Any splitters installed by Level 3 in its collocation arrangement shall comply with
ANSI T1.413, Annex E, or any future ANSI splitter Standards. Level 3 may
install any splitters that BellSouth deploys or permits to be deployed for itself or
any BellSouth affiliate.
3.5 Ordering – Line Sharing
3.5.1 Level 3 shall use BellSouth’s LSOD to order splitters from BellSouth and to
activate and deactivate DS0 Collocation Connecting Facility Assignments (CFA)
for use with High Frequency Spectrum.
3.5.2 BellSouth will provide Level 3 the LSR format to be used when ordering the High
Frequency Spectrum.
3.5.3 BellSouth will provision High Frequency Spectrum in compliance with BellSouth’s
Products and Services Interval Guide available at the website at
http://www.interconnection.bellsouth.com.
3.5.4 BellSouth will provide Level 3 access to Preordering LMU in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. BellSouth shall bill and Level 3 shall pay the rates for
such services, as described in Exhibit A.
3.6 Maintenance and Repair – Line Sharing
3.6.1 Level 3 shall have access for repair and maintenance purposes to any Loop for
which it has access to the High Frequency Spectrum. If Level 3 is using a
BellSouth owned splitter, Level 3 may access the Loop at the point where the
combined voice and data signal exits the central office splitter via a bantam test
jack. If Level 3 provides its own splitter, it may test from the collocation space or
the Termination Point.
3.6.2 BellSouth will be responsible for repairing voice services and the physical line
between the NID at the customer’s premises and the Termination Point. Level 3
will be responsible for repairing data services. Each Party will be responsible for
maintaining its own equipment.
3.6.3 Level 3 shall inform its End Users to direct data problems to Level 3, unless both
voice and data services are impaired, in which event the End Users should call
BellSouth.
3.6.4 Once a Party has isolated a trouble to the other Party’s portion of the Loop, the
Party isolating the trouble shall notify the End User that the trouble is on the other
Party’s portion of the Loop.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 93 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 31
3.6.5 Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, when BellSouth
receives a voice trouble and isolates the trouble to the physical collocation
arrangement belonging to Level 3, BellSouth will notify Level 3. Level 3 will
provide at least one but no more than two (2) verbal CFA pair changes to
BellSouth in an attempt to resolve the voice trouble. In the event a CFA pair
change resolves the voice trouble, Level 3 will provide BellSouth an LSR with the
new CFA pair information within twenty-four (24) hours. If the owner of the
collocation space fails to resolve the trouble by providing BellSouth with the
verbal CFA pair changes, BellSouth may discontinue Level 3’s access to the High
Frequency Spectrum on such Loop. BellSouth will not be responsible for any loss
of data as a result of this action.
3.7 Line Splitting
3.7.1 Line splitting allows a provider of data services (a Data LEC) and a provider of
voice services (a Voice CLEC) to deliver voice and data service to End Users over
the same Loop. The Voice CLEC and Data LEC may be the same or different
carriers.
3.7.2 In the event Level 3 provides its own switching or obtains switching from a third
party, Level 3 may engage in line splitting arrangements with another CLEC using
a splitter, provided by Level 3, in a Collocation Arrangement at the central office
where the loop terminates into a distribution frame or its equivalent.
3.7.3 Where Level 3 is purchasing a UNE-port and a UNE-loop, BellSouth shall offer
line splitting pursuant to the following sections in this Attachment.
3.7.4 Level 3 shall provide BellSouth with a signed LOA between it and the Data LEC
or Voice CLEC with which it desires to provision Line Splitting services, if Level
3 will not provide voice and data services.
3.7.5 End Users currently receiving voice service from a Voice CLEC through a UNE-P
may be converted to Line Splitting arrangements by Level 3 or its authorized agent
ordering Line Splitting Service. If the CLEC wishes to provide the splitter, the
UNE-P arrangement will be converted to a stand-alone UNE Loop, a UNE port,
two collocation cross connects and the high frequency spectrum line activation. If
BellSouth owns the splitter, the UNE-P arrangement will be converted to a stand-
alone UNE Loop, port, and one collocation cross connection.
3.7.6 When End Users on Loops using High Frequency Spectrum CO Based line sharing
service are converted to Line Splitting, BellSouth will discontinue billing Level 3
for the High Frequency Spectrum. BellSouth will continue to bill the Data LEC
for all associated splitter charges if the Data LEC continues to use a BellSouth
splitter. It is the responsibility of Level 3 or its authorized agent to determine if
the Loop is compatible for Line Splitting Service. Level 3 or its authorized agent
may use the existing Loop unless it is not compatible with the Data LEC’s data
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 94 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 32
service and Level 3 or its authorized agent submits an LSR to BellSouth to change
the Loop.
3.8 Provisioning Line Splitting and Splitter Space
3.8.1 The Data LEC, Voice CLEC or BellSouth may provide the splitter. When Level 3
or its authorized agent owns the splitter, Line Splitting requires the following: a
non-designed analog Loop from the serving wire center to the NID at the End
User’s location; a collocation cross connection connecting the Loop to the
collocation space; a second collocation cross connection from the collocation
space connected to a voice port; the high frequency spectrum line activation, and a
splitter. The Loop and port cannot be a Loop and port combination (i.e. UNE-P),
but must be individual stand-alone Network Elements. When BellSouth owns the
splitter, Line Splitting requires the following: a non designed analog Loop from
the serving wire center to the NID at the End User’s location with CFA and
splitter port assignments, and a collocation cross connection from the collocation
space connected to a voice port.
3.8.2 An unloaded 2-wire copper Loop must serve the End User. The meet point for the
Voice CLEC and the Data LEC is the point of termination on the MDF for the
Data LEC's cable and pairs.
3.8.3 The foregoing procedures are applicable to migration to Line Splitting Service
from a UNE-P arrangement, BellSouth Retail Voice Service, BellSouth High
Frequency Spectrum (CO Based) Line Sharing.
3.8.4 For other migration scenarios to line splitting, BellSouth will work cooperatively
with CLECs to develop methods and procedures to develop a process whereby a
Voice CLEC and a Data LEC may provide services over the same Loop.
3.9 Ordering – Line Splitting
3.9.1 Level 3 shall use BellSouth’s LSOD to order splitters from BellSouth and to
activate and deactivate DS0 Collocation CFA for use with Line Splitting.
3.9.2 BellSouth shall provide Level 3 the LSR format to be used when ordering Line
Splitting service.
3.9.3 BellSouth will provision Line Splitting service in compliance with BellSouth’s
Products and Services Interval Guide available at the website at
http://www.interconnection.bellsouth.com.
3.9.4 BellSouth will provide Level 3 access to Preordering LMU in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. BellSouth shall bill and Level 3 shall pay the rates for
such services as described in Exhibit A.
3.9.5 BellSouth will provide Loop modification to Level 3 on an existing Loop in
accordance with procedures developed in the Line Sharing Collaborative. High
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 95 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 33
Frequency Spectrum (CO Based) Unbundled Loop Modification is a separate
distinct service from Unbundled Loop Modification set forth in Section 2.5 of this
Attachment. Procedures for High Frequency Spectrum (CO Based) Unbundled
Loop Modification may be found on the web at:
http://www.interconnection.bellsouth.com/html/unes.html. Nonrecurring rates for
this offering are as set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment.
3.10 Maintenance – Line Splitting
3.10.1 BellSouth will be responsible for repairing voice services and the physical loop
between the NID at the customer’s premises and the termination point. Level 3
will be responsible for maintaining the voice and data services. Each Party will be
responsible for maintaining its own equipment.
3.10.2 Level 3 shall inform its End Users to direct all problems to Level 3 or its
authorized agent.
3.10.3 If Level 3 is not the data provider, Level 3 shall indemnify, defend and hold
harmless BellSouth from and against any claims, losses, actions, causes of action,
suits, demands, damages, injury, and costs including reasonable attorney fees,
which arise out of actions related to the data provider.
4 Local Switching
4.1 BellSouth shall provide non-discriminatory access to local circuit switching
capability and local tandem switching capability on an unbundled basis, except as
set forth in the Sections below to Level 3 for the provision of a
telecommunications service.
4.2 Local Circuit Switching Capability, including Tandem Switching Capability
4.2.1 Local circuit switching capability is defined as all line-side and trunk-side facilities,
plus the features, functions, and capabilities of the switch. The features, functions,
and capabilities of the switch shall include the basic switching function of
connecting lines to lines, lines to trunks, trunks to lines, and trunks to trunks.
Local circuit switching includes all vertical features that the switch is capable of
providing, including custom calling, custom local area signaling service features,
and Centrex, as well as any technically feasible customized routing functions.
4.2.2 Notwithstanding BellSouth’s general duty to unbundle local circuit switching,
BellSouth shall not be required to unbundle local circuit switching for Level 3
when Level 3: (1) serves an End User with four (4) or more voice-grade (DS0)
equivalents or lines served by BellSouth in Zone 1 of one of the following MSAs:
Atlanta, GA; Miami, FL; Orlando, FL; Ft. Lauderdale, FL; Charlotte-Gastonia-
Rock Hill, NC; Greensboro-Winston Salem-High Point, NC; Nashville, TN; and
New Orleans, LA; or (2) serves an End User with a DS1 or higher capacity Loop
in any service area covered by this Agreement. To the extent that Level 3 is
serving any End User as described in (2) above as of October 2, 2003, such
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 96 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 34
arrangement may not remain in place any longer than April 1, 2004, after which
such arrangement must be terminated by Level 3 or BellSouth shall convert such
arrangement to tariff pricing. The filing of this Agreement with the applicable
Commission shall constitute the filing of the joint transition plan specified by the
FCC.
4.2.3 Rates for unbundled switching at the DS1 level and above or for combinations
with unbundled switching at the DS1 level and above provisioned prior to the
Effective Date of this Agreement shall be those rates set forth in Exhibit A of this
Attachment until April 1, 2004.
4.2.4 Local Switching that is not required to be provided as a UNE will be provided
pursuant to a separate agreement or a tariff, at BellSouth’s discretion.
4.2.5 Unbundled Local Switching consists of three separate unbundled elements:
Unbundled Ports, End Office Switching Functionality, and End Office Interoffice
Trunk Ports.
4.2.6 Unbundled Local Switching combined with Common Transport and, if necessary,
Tandem Switching provides to Level 3’s End User local calling and the ability to
presubscribe to a primary carrier for intraLATA and/or to presubscribe to a
primary carrier for interLATA toll service.
4.2.7 Provided that Level 3 purchases unbundled local switching from BellSouth and
uses the BellSouth Carrier Identification Code (CIC) for its End Users' Local
Preferred Interexchange Carrier (LPIC) or if a BellSouth local End User selects
BellSouth as its LPIC, then the Parties will consider as local any calls originated by
a Level 3 local End User, or originated by a BellSouth local End User and
terminated to a Level 3 local End User, where such calls originate and terminate in
the same LATA, except for those calls originated and terminated through switched
access arrangements (i.e., calls that are transported by a Party other than
BellSouth). For such calls, BellSouth will charge Level 3 the UNE elements for
the BellSouth facilities utilized. Neither Party shall bill the other originating or
terminating switched access charges for such calls. Intercarrier compensation for
local calls between BellSouth and Level 3 shall be as described in BellSouth’s
UNE Local Call Flows set forth on BellSouth’s website.
4.2.8 Where Level 3 purchases unbundled local switching from BellSouth but does not
use the BellSouth CIC for its End Users’ LPIC, BellSouth will consider as local
those direct dialed telephone calls that originate from a Level 3 End User and
terminate within the basic local calling area or within the extended local calling
areas and that are dialed using seven (7) or ten (10) digits as defined and specified
in Section A3 of BellSouth’s General Subscriber Services Tariffs (GSST). For
such local calls, BellSouth will charge Level 3 the UNE elements for the BellSouth
facilities utilized. Intercarrier compensation for local calls between BellSouth and
Level 3 shall be as described in BellSouth’s UNE Local Call Flows set forth on
BellSouth’s website.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 97 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 35
4.2.9 For any calls that originate and terminate through switched access arrangements
(i.e., calls that are transported by a party other than BellSouth), BellSouth shall bill
Level 3 the UNE elements for the BellSouth facilities utilized. Each Party may bill
the toll provider originating or terminating switched access charges as appropriate.
4.2.10 Unbundled Port Features
4.2.10.1 Charges for Unbundled Port are as set forth in Exhibit A, and as specified in such
exhibit, may or may not include individual features.
4.2.10.2 Where applicable and available, non-switch-based services may be ordered with the
Unbundled Port at BellSouth’s retail rates.
4.2.10.3 Any features that are not currently available but are technically feasible through the
switch can be requested through the BFR/NBR process.
4.2.10.4 BellSouth will provide to Level 3 selective routing of calls to a requested Operator
System platform pursuant to this Attachment. Any other routing requests by Level
3 will be made pursuant to the BFR/NBR Process as set forth in Attachment 11.
4.2.11 Remote Call Forwarding
4.2.11.1 As an option, BellSouth shall make available to Level 3 an unbundled port with
Remote Call Forwarding capability (URCF service). URCF service combines the
functionality of unbundled local switching, tandem switching and common
transport to forward calls from the URCF service telephone number (the number
dialed by the calling party) to another telephone number selected by the URCF
service subscriber. When ordering URCF service, Level 3 will ensure that the
following conditions are satisfied:
4.2.11.1.1 That the End User of the forward-to number (service) agrees to receive calls
forwarded using the URCF service (if such End User is different from the URCF
service End User);
4.2.11.1.2 That the forward-to number (service) is equipped with sufficient capacity to
receive the volume of calls that will be generated from the URCF service;
4.2.11.1.3 That the URCF service will not be utilized to forward calls to another URCF or
similar service; and
4.2.11.1.4 That the forward-to number (service) is not a public safety number (e.g. 911, fire
or police number).
4.2.11.2 In addition to the charge for the URCF service port, BellSouth shall charge Level
3 the rates set forth in Exhibit A for unbundled local switching, tandem switching,
and common transport, including all associated usage incurred for calls from the
URCF service telephone number (the number dialed by the calling party) to the
forward-to number (service).
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 98 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 36
4.2.12 Provision for Local Switching
4.2.12.1 BellSouth shall perform routine testing (e.g., Mechanized Loop Tests (MLT) and
test calls such as 105, 107 and 108 type calls) and fault isolation on a mutually
agreed upon schedule.
4.2.12.2 BellSouth shall control congestion points such as those caused by radio station
call-ins and network routing abnormalities. All traffic shall be restricted in a non-
discriminatory manner.
4.2.12.3 BellSouth shall perform manual call trace and permit customer originated call
trace. BellSouth shall provide Switching Service Point (SSP) capabilities and
signaling software to interconnect the signaling links destined to the Signaling
Transfer Point Switch (STPS). These capabilities shall adhere to the technical
specifications set forth in the applicable industry standard technical references.
4.2.12.4 BellSouth shall provide interfaces to adjuncts through Telcordia standard
interfaces. These adjuncts can include, but are not limited to, the Service Circuit
Node and Automatic Call Distributors. BellSouth shall offer to Level 3 all
Advanced Intelligent Network (AIN) triggers in connection with its SMS/SCE
offering.
4.2.12.5 BellSouth shall provide access to SS7 Signaling Network or Multi-Frequency
trunking if requested by Level 3.
4.2.13 Local Switching Interfaces.
4.2.13.1 Level 3 shall order ports and associated interfaces compatible with the services it
wishes to provide as listed in Exhibit A. BellSouth shall provide the following
local switching interfaces:
4.2.13.1.1 Standard Tip/Ring interface including loopstart or groundstart, on-hook signaling
(e.g., for calling number, calling name and message waiting lamp);
4.2.13.1.2 Coin phone signaling;
4.2.13.1.3 Basic Rate Interface ISDN adhering to appropriate Telcordia Technical
Requirements;
4.2.13.1.4 Two-wire analog interface to PBX;
4.2.13.1.5 Four-wire analog interface to PBX;
4.2.13.1.6 Four-wire DS1 interface to PBX or customer provided equipment (e.g. computers
and voice response systems);
4.2.13.1.7 Primary Rate ISDN to PBX adhering to ANSI standards Q.931, Q.932 and
appropriate Telcordia Technical Requirements;
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 99 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 37
4.2.13.1.8 Switched Fractional DS1 with capabilities to configure Nx64 channels (where N =
1 to 24); and
4.2.13.1.9 Loops adhering to Telcordia TR-NWT-08 and TR-NWT-303 specifications to
interconnect Digital Loop Carriers.
4.2.14 All End Users of Level 3 who have service provisioned via 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port
with E911 Locator Capability shall physically be located in the E911 Tandem
Switch service area.
4.2.15 Level 3 shall pass its End User’s telephone number to BellSouth over the Primary
Interface (PRI) trunk group via ANI or via direct Centralized Automated Message
Accounting (CAMA) trunks to the appropriate E911 tandem switch.
4.2.16 Level 3 shall maintain the individual telephone number and the correct
corresponding address/location data, including maintaining the End User listed
address as the actual physical End User location in the E911 Automatic Location
Identification (ALI) Database.
4.2.17 Level 3 will be responsible and liable for any errors resulting from the submission
of invalid telephone number and address/location data for the CLEC’s End Users.
4.3 Tandem Switching
4.3.1 The Tandem Switching capability Network Element is defined as: (i) trunk-
connect facilities, which include, but are not limited to, the connection between
trunk termination at a cross connect panel and switch trunk card; (ii) the basic
switch trunk function of connecting trunks to trunks; and (iii) the functions that are
centralized in the Tandem Switches (as distinguished from separate end office
switches), including but not limited to call recording, the routing of calls to
operator services and signaling conversion features.
4.3.1.1 Where Level 3 utilizes portions of the BellSouth network in originating or
terminating traffic, the Tandem Switching rates are applied in call scenarios where
the Tandem Switching Network Element has been utilized. Because switch
recordings cannot accurately indicate on a per call basis when the Tandem
Switching Network Element has been utilized for an interoffice call originating
from a UNE port and terminating to a BellSouth, Independent Company or
Facility-Based CLEC office, BellSouth has developed, based upon call studies, a
melded rate that takes into account the average percentage of calls that utilize
Tandem Switching in these scenarios. BellSouth shall apply the melded Tandem
Switching rate for every call in these scenarios. BellSouth shall utilize the melded
Tandem Switching Rate until BellSouth has the capability to measure actual
Tandem Switch usage in each call scenario specifically mentioned above, at which
point the rate for the actual Tandem Switch usage shall apply. The UNE Call
Flows set forth on BellSouth's website, as amended from time to time and
incorporated herein by this reference, illustrate when the full or melded Tandem
Switching rates apply for specific scenarios.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 100 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 38
4.3.2 Technical Requirements
4.3.2.1 Tandem Switching shall have the same capabilities or equivalent capabilities as
those described in Telcordia TR-TSY-000540 Issue 2R2, Tandem Supplement,
June 1, 1990. The requirements for Tandem Switching include but are not limited
to the following:
4.3.2.1.1 Tandem Switching shall provide signaling to establish a tandem connection;
4.3.2.1.2 Tandem Switching will provide screening as jointly agreed to by Level 3 and
BellSouth;
4.3.2.1.3 Where applicable, Tandem Switching shall provide AIN triggers supporting AIN
features where such routing is not available from the originating end office switch,
to the extent such Tandem switch has such capability;
4.3.2.1.4 Where applicable, Tandem Switching shall provide access to Toll Free number
database;
4.3.2.1.5 Tandem Switching shall provide connectivity to Public Safety Answering Point
(PSAP)s where 911 solutions are deployed and the tandem is used for 911; and
4.3.2.1.6 Where appropriate, Tandem Switching shall provide connectivity for the purpose
of routing transit traffic to and from other carriers.
4.3.2.2 BellSouth may perform testing and fault isolation on the underlying switch that is
providing Tandem Switching. Such testing shall be testing routinely performed by
BellSouth. The results and reports of the testing shall be made available to Level
3.
4.3.2.3 BellSouth shall control congestion points and network abnormalities. All traffic
will be restricted in a non-discriminatory manner.
4.3.2.4 Tandem Switching shall process originating toll free traffic received from Level 3’s
local switch.
4.3.2.5 In support of AIN triggers and features, Tandem Switching shall provide SSP
capabilities when these capabilities are not available from the Local Switching
Network Element to the extent such Tandem Switch has such capability.
4.3.3 Upon Level 3’s purchase of overflow trunk groups, Tandem Switching shall
provide an alternate routing pattern for Level 3’s traffic overflowing from direct
end office high usage trunk groups.
4.4 AIN Selective Carrier Routing for Operator Services, Directory Assistance
and Repair Centers
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 101 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 39
4.4.1 Where BellSouth provides local switching to Level 3, BellSouth will provide AIN
Selective Carrier Routing (AIN SCR) at the request of Level 3. AIN SCR will
provide Level 3 with the capability of routing operator calls, 0+ and 0- and 0+
NPA Local Numbering Plan Area (LNPA), 555-1212 directory assistance, 1+411
directory assistance and 611 repair center calls to pre-selected destinations.
4.4.2 Level 3 shall order AIN SCR through its Account Team and/or Local Contract
Manager. AIN SCR must first be established regionally and then on a per central
office per state basis.
4.4.3 AIN SCR is not available in DMS 10 switches.
4.4.4 Where AIN SCR is utilized by Level 3, the routing of Level 3’s End User calls
shall be pursuant to information provided by Level 3 and stored in BellSouth’s
AIN SCR Service Control Point database. AIN SCR shall utilize a set of Line
Class Codes (LCCs) unique to a basic class of service assigned on an “as needed”
basis. The same LCCs will be assigned in each central office where AIN SCR is
established.
4.4.5 Upon ordering AIN SCR Regional Service, Level 3 shall remit to BellSouth the
Regional Service Order nonrecurring charges set forth in Exhibit A of this
Attachment. There shall be a nonrecurring End Office Establishment Charge per
office due at the addition of each central office where AIN SCR will be utilized.
Said nonrecurring charge shall be as set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment. For
each Level 3 End User activated, there shall be a nonrecurring End User
Establishment charge as set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment. Level 3 shall
pay the AIN SCR Per Query Charge set forth in Exhibit A of this Attachment.
4.4.6 This Regional Service Order nonrecurring charge will be non-refundable and will
be paid with one half due up-front with the submission of all fully completed
required forms including: Regional Selective Carrier Routing (SCR) Order
Request-Form A, Central Office AIN SCRSCR Order Request - Form B, AIN
SCR Central Office Identification Form - Form C, AIN SCR Routing Options
Selection Form - Form D, and Routing Combinations Table - Form E. BellSouth
has thirty (30) calendar days to respond to Level 3's fully completed firm order as
a Regional Service Order. With the delivery of this firm order response to Level 3,
BellSouth considers that the delivery schedule of this service commences. The
remaining half of the Regional Service Order payment must be paid when at least
ninety (90) percent of the Central Offices listed on the original order have been
turned up for the service.
4.4.7 The nonrecurring End Office Establishment Charge will be billed to Level 3
following BellSouth’s normal monthly billing cycle for this type of order.
4.4.8 End-User Establishment Orders will not be turned-up until the second payment is
received for the Regional Service Order. The nonrecurring End-User
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 102 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 40
Establishment Charges will be billed to Level 3 following BellSouth’s normal
monthly billing cycle for this type of order.
4.4.9 Additionally, the AIN SCR Per Query Charge will be billed to Level 3 following
the normal billing cycle for per query charges.
4.4.10 All other network components needed, for example, unbundled switching,
unbundled local transport, etc., will be billed per contracted rates.
4.5 Selective Call Routing Using Line Class Codes (SCR-LCC)
4.5.1 Where Level 3 purchases unbundled local switching from BellSouth and utilizes an
operator services provider other than BellSouth, BellSouth will route Level 3’s
End User calls to that provider through Selective Call Routing.
4.5.2 Selective Call Routing using Line Class Codes (SCR-LCC) provides the capability
for Level 3 to have its Operator Call Processing/Directory Assistance (OCP/DA)
calls routed to BellSouth’s OCP/DA platform for BellSouth provided Custom
Branded or Unbranded OCP/DA or to its own or an alternate OCP/DA platform
for Self-Branded OCP/DA. SCR-LCC is only available if line class code capacity
is available in the requested BellSouth end office switches.
4.5.3 Custom Branding for Directory Assistance (DA) is not available for certain classes
of service, including but not limited to Hotel/Motel services, WATS service, and
certain PBX services.
4.5.4 Where available, Level 3 specific and unique LCCs are programmed in each
BellSouth end office switch where Level 3 intends to serve End Users with
customized OCP/DA branding. The LCCs specifically identify Level 3’s End
Users so OCP/DA calls can be routed over the appropriate trunk group to the
requested OCP/DA platform. Additional LCCs are required in each end office if
the end office serves multiple NPAs (i.e., a unique LCC is required per NPA),
and/or if the end office switch serves multiple rate areas and Level 3 intends to
provide Level 3 -branded OCP/DA to its End Users in these multiple rate areas.
4.5.5 SCR-LCC supporting Custom Branding and Self Branding require Level 3 to
order dedicated trunking from each BellSouth end office identified by Level 3,
either to the BellSouth Traffic Operator Position System (TOPS) for Custom
Branding or to the Level 3 Operator Service Provider for Self Branding. Separate
trunk groups are required for Operator Services and for DA. Rates for trunks are
set forth in applicable BellSouth tariffs.
4.5.6 Unbranding - Unbranded DA and/or OCP calls ride common trunk groups
provisioned by BellSouth from those end offices identified by Level 3 to the
BellSouth TOPS.
4.5.7 The Rates for SCR-LCC are as set forth in this Attachment. There is a
nonrecurring charge for the establishment of each LCC in each BellSouth central
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 103 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 41
office. Furthermore, for Unbranded and Custom Branded OCP/DA provided by
BellSouth Operator Services with unbundled ports and unbundled port/loop switch
combinations, monthly recurring usage charges shall apply for the UNEs necessary
to provide the service, such as end office and tandem switching and common
transport. A flat rated end office switching charge shall apply to Self-Branded
OCP/DA when used in conjunction with unbundled ports and unbundled port/loop
switch combinations.
5 Unbundled Network Element Combinations
5.1 For purposes of this Section, references to “Currently Combined” Network
Elements shall mean that the particular Network Elements requested by Level 3
are in fact already combined by BellSouth in the BellSouth network. References to
“Ordinarily Combined” Network Elements shall mean that the particular Network
Elements requested by Level 3 are not already combined by BellSouth in the
location requested by Level 3 but are elements that are typically combined in
BellSouth’s network. References to “Not Typically Combined” Network Elements
shall mean that the particular Network Elements requested by Level 3 are not
elements that BellSouth combines for its use in its network.
5.1.1 Upon request, BellSouth shall perform the functions necessary to combine
unbundled Network Elements in any manner, even if those elements are not
ordinarily combined in BellSouth’s network, provided that such combination is
technically feasible and will not undermine the ability of other carriers to obtain
access to unbundled Network Elements or to interconnect with BellSouth’s
network.
5.2 Enhanced Extended Links (EELs)
5.2.1 EELs are combinations of unbundled Loops and unbundled dedicated transport as
defined in this Attachment, together with any facilities, equipment, or functions
necessary to combine those Network Elements. BellSouth shall provide Level 3
with EELs where the underlying UNEs are available and in all instances where the
requesting carrier meets the eligibility requirements, if applicable.
5.2.2 High-capacity EELs are combinations of loop and transport UNEs or commingled
loop and transport facilities at the DS1 and/or DS3 level as described in 47 CFR
51.318(b). High-capacity EELs must comply with the service eligibility
requirements set forth in 5.2.4 below.
5.2.3 By placing an order for a high-capacity EEL, Level 3 thereby certifies that the
service eligibility criteria set forth herein are met for access to a converted high-
capacity EEL, a new high-capacity EEL, or part of a high-capacity commingled
EEL as a UNE. BellSouth shall have the right to audit Level 3’s high-capacity
EELs as specified below.
5.2.4 If a high-capacity EEL or Ordinarily Combined Network Element is not readily
available but can be made available through routine network modifications, as
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 104 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 42
provided by Section 1.8.2 of this Attachment. Level 3 may request BellSouth to
perform such routine network modifications. The request may not be used to
place fiber.
5.2.5 Service Eligibility Criteria
5.2.5.1 Level 3 must certify for each high-capacity EEL that all of the following service
eligibility criteria are met:
5.2.5.1.1 Level 3 has received state certification to provide local voice service in the area
being served;
5.2.5.2 For each combined circuit, including each DS1 circuit, each DS1 EEL, and each
DS1-equivalent circuit on a DS3 EEL:
5.2.5.2.1 1) Each circuit to be provided to each End User will be assigned a local number
prior to the provision of service over that circuit;
5.2.5.2.2 2) Each DS1-equivalent circuit on a DS3 EEL must have its own local number
assignment so that each DS3 must have at least twenty-eight (28) local voice
numbers assigned to it;
5.2.5.2.3 3) Each circuit to be provided to each End User will have 911 or E911 capability
prior to provision of service over that circuit;
5.2.5.2.4 4) Each circuit to be provided to each End User will terminate in a collocation
arrangement that meets the requirements of 47 CFR 51.318(c);
5.2.5.2.5 5) Each circuit to be provided to each End User will be served by an
interconnection trunk over which Level 3 will transmit the calling party’s number
in connection with calls exchanged over the trunk;
5.2.5.2.6 6) For each twenty-four (24) DS1 EELs or other facilities having equivalent
capacity, Level 3 will have at least one (1) active DS1 local service interconnection
trunk over which Level 3 will transmit the calling party’s number in connection
with calls exchanged over the trunk;
5.2.5.2.7 7) Each circuit to be provided to each End User will be served by a switch capable
of switching local voice traffic.
5.2.6 BellSouth may, on an annual basis, audit Level 3’s records in order to verify
compliance with the qualifying service eligibility criteria. The audit shall be
conducted by a third party independent auditor, and the audit must be performed in
accordance with the standards established by the American Institute for Certified
Public Accountants (AICPA). To the extent the independent auditor’s report
concludes that Level 3 failed to comply with the service eligibility criteria, Level 3
must true-up any difference in payments, convert all noncompliant circuits to the
appropriate service, and make the correct payments on a going-forward basis. In
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 105 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 43
the event the auditor’s report concludes that , Level 3 did not comply in any
material respect with the service eligibility criteria, Level 3 shall reimburse
BellSouth for the reasonable and demonstrable cost of the independent auditor.
To the extent the auditor’s report concludes that Level 3 did comply in all material
respects with the service eligibility criteria, BellSouth will reimburse Level 3 for its
reasonable and demonstrable costs associated with the audit. Level 3 will maintain
appropriate documentation to support its certifications.
5.2.7 In the event Level 3 converts special access services to UNEs, Level 3 shall be
subject to the termination liability provisions in the applicable special access tariffs,
if any.
5.3 UNE Port/Loop Combinations
5.3.1 Combinations of port and loop unbundled Network Elements along with switching
and transport unbundled Network Elements provide local exchange service for the
origination or termination of calls. Port/loop combinations support the same local
calling and feature requirements as described in the Unbundled Local Switching or
Port section of this Attachment and the ability to presubscribe to a primary carrier
for intraLATA toll service and/or to presubscribe to a primary carrier for
interLATA toll service.
5.3.2 BellSouth is not required to provide combinations of port and loop Network
Elements on an unbundled basis in locations where, pursuant to FCC and
Commission rules, BellSouth is not required to provide local circuit switching as
an unbundled Network Element.
5.3.3 BellSouth shall not be required to provide local circuit switching as a UNE in
density Zone 1, as defined in 47 CFR 69.123 as of January 1, 1999 of the Atlanta,
GA; Miami, FL; Orlando, FL; Ft. Lauderdale, FL; Charlotte-Gastonia-Rock Hill,
NC; Greensboro-Winston Salem-High Point, NC; Nashville, TN; and New
Orleans, LA, MSAs to Level 3 if Level 3’s customer has four (4) or more DS0
equivalent lines.
5.3.4 BellSouth shall not be required to provide local circuit switching as a UNE or
combination of UNEs if the End User is being served by a BellSouth DS1 or
higher capacity Loop in any service area covered by this Agreement. To the extent
that Level 3 is serving any End User as described above as of October 2, 2003,
such arrangement may not remain in place any longer than April 1, 2004, after
which such arrangement must be terminated by Level 3 or BellSouth shall convert
such arrangement to tariff pricing. The filing of this Agreement with the applicable
Commission shall constitute the filing of the joint transition plan specified by the
FCC.
5.3.5 BellSouth shall make 911 updates in the BellSouth 911 database for Level 3’s
UNE port/Loop combinations. BellSouth will not bill Level 3 for 911 surcharges.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 106 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 44
Level 3 is responsible for paying all 911 surcharges to the applicable governmental
agency.
5.4 Rates
5.4.1 The rates for the Currently Combined Network Elements specifically set forth in
Exhibit A of this Attachment shall be the rates associated with such combinations.
Such rates should be in accordance with applicable law. Where a Currently
Combined combination is not specifically set forth in Exhibit A, the rate for such
Currently Combined combination of Network Elements shall be the sum of the
recurring rates for those individual Network Elements in addition to the applicable
non-recurring switch-as-is charge set forth in Exhibit A.
5.4.2 The rates for the Ordinarily Combined Network Elements specifically set forth in
Exhibit A of this Attachment shall be the non-recurring and recurring charges for
those combinations. Such rates should be in accordance with applicable law.
Where an Ordinarily Combined combination is not specifically set forth in Exhibit
A, the rate for such Ordinarily Combined combination of Network Elements shall
be the sum of the recurring and non-recurring rates for those individual Network
Elements as set forth in Exhibit A.
5.4.3 Except as set forth in this Section 5, BellSouth shall provide UNE port/loop
combinations specifically set forth in Exhibit A that are Currently Combined or
Ordinarily Combined in BellSouth’s network at the cost-based rates in Exhibit A.
5.4.4 BellSouth shall provide other Currently Combined and Ordinarily Combined and
Not Typically Combined UNE Combinations to Level 3 in addition to those
specifically referenced in this Section 5 above, where available. To the extent
Level 3 requests a combination for which BellSouth does not have rates and
methods and procedures in place to provide such combination, rates and/or
methods and procedures for such combination will be developed pursuant to the
BFR/NBR process.
6 Transport, Channelization and Dark Fiber
6.1 Transport
6.1.1 BellSouth shall provide nondiscriminatory access, in accordance with FCC Rules
51.311, 51.319, and Section 251(c)(3) of the Act to interoffice transmission
facilities described in this Section 6 on an unbundled basis to Level 3 for the
provision of a qualifying service, as set forth herein.
6.1.1.1 Dedicated Transport is defined as BellSouth’s interoffice transmission facilities,
dedicated to a particular customer or carrier that Level 3 uses for transmission
between wire centers or switches owned by BellSouth and within the same LATA,
including those instances where BellSouth has local switching equipment, ”reverse
collocated” in a non-BellSouth premise, as defined by the FCC rules.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 107 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 45
6.1.1.2 Dark Fiber Transport, defined as BellSouth’s optical transmission facilities without
attached signal regeneration, multiplexing, aggregation or other electronics,
between wire centers or switches owned by BellSouth and within the same LATA;
6.1.1.3 Common (Shared) Transport, defined as transmission facilities shared by more
than one carrier, including BellSouth, between end office switches, between end
office switches and tandem switches, and between tandem switches, in BellSouth’s
network. Where BellSouth Network Elements are connected by intraoffice wiring,
such wiring is provided as part of the Network Element and is not Common
(Shared) Transport.
6.1.1.3.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, BellSouth will only
provide unbundled access to Common (Shared) Transport to the extent BellSouth
is required to provide and is providing unbundled Local Circuit Switching to Level
3.
6.1.2 BellSouth shall:
6.1.2.1 Provide Level 3 exclusive use of Dedicated Transport to a particular customer or
carrier, or shared use of the features, functions, and capabilities of interoffice
transmission facilities shared by more than one customer or carrier;
6.1.2.2 Provide all technically feasible features, functions, and capabilities of the transport
facility;
6.1.2.3 Permit, to the extent technically feasible, Level 3 to connect such interoffice
facilities to equipment designated by Level 3, including but not limited to, Level
3’s collocated facilities; and
6.1.2.4 Permit, to the extent technically feasible, Level 3 to obtain the functionality
provided by BellSouth’s digital cross-connect systems.
6.1.3 Technical Requirements of Common (Shared) Transport
6.1.3.1 Common (Shared) Transport provided on DS1, DS3, and STS-1 circuits shall at a
minimum meet the performance, availability, jitter, and delay requirements
specified for Central Office to Central Office (CO to CO) connections in the
applicable industry standards.
6.1.3.2 BellSouth shall be responsible for the engineering, provisioning, and maintenance
of the underlying equipment and facilities that are used to provide Common
(Shared) Transport.
6.1.3.3 At a minimum, Common (Shared) Transport shall meet all of the requirements set
forth in the applicable industry standards.
6.2 Dedicated Transport
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 108 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 46
6.2.1 BellSouth shall offer Dedicated Transport in each of the following ways:
6.2.1.1 As capacity on a shared UNE facility.
6.2.1.2 As a circuit (e.g., DS0, DS1, DS3) dedicated to Level 3.
6.2.2 Dedicated Transport may be provided over facilities such as optical fiber, copper
twisted pair, and coaxial cable, and shall include transmission equipment such as
line terminating equipment, amplifiers, and regenerators.
6.2.3 Level 3 may obtain a maximum of twelve (12) unbundled dedicated DS3 circuits,
or their equivalent, for any single route at the UNE rates set forth in Exhibit A for
which dedicated DS3 transport is available as unbundled transport. Additional
capacity may be purchased pursuant to the rates, terms and conditions as set forth
in the applicable tariff. A route is defined as a transmission path between one of
BellSouth’s wire centers or switches and another of BellSouth’s wire centers or
switches. A route between two (2) points may pass through one or more
intermediate wire centers or switches. Transmission paths between identical end
points are the same “route”, irrespective of whether they pass through the same
intermediate wire centers or switches, if any.
6.2.4 Any request to re-terminate one end of a circuit will require the issuance of new
service and disconnection of the existing service and the applicable charges in
Exhibit A shall apply, and the re-terminated circuit shall be considered a new
circuit as of the installation date.
6.2.5 If Dedicated Transport is not readily available but can be made available through
routine network modifications, as defined in Section 1.8.2 of this Attachment.
Level 3 may request BellSouth to perform such routine network modifications.
The request may not be used to place fiber.
6.2.6 Technical Requirements
6.2.6.1 The entire designated transmission service (e.g., DS0, DS1, DS3) shall be
dedicated to Level 3 designated traffic.
6.2.6.2 For DS1 or DS3 circuits, Dedicated Transport shall at a minimum meet the
performance, availability, jitter, and delay requirements specified for Customer
Interface to Central Office (CI to CO) connections in the applicable industry
standards.
6.2.6.3 BellSouth shall offer the following interface transmission rates for Dedicated
Transport:
6.2.6.3.1 DS0 Equivalent;
6.2.6.3.2 DS1;
6.2.6.3.3 DS3; and
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 109 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 47
6.2.6.3.4 SDH (Synchronous Digital Hierarchy) Standard interface rates are in accordance
with International Telecommunications Union (ITU) Recommendation G.707 and
Plesiochronous Digital Hierarchy (PDH) rates per ITU Recommendation G.704.
6.2.6.4 BellSouth shall design Dedicated Transport according to its network
infrastructure. Level 3 shall specify the termination points for Dedicated
Transport.
6.2.6.5 At a minimum, Dedicated Transport shall meet each of the requirements set forth
in the applicable industry technical references.
6.2.6.6 BellSouth Technical References:
6.2.6.6.1 TR-TSY-000191 Alarm Indication Signals Requirements and Objectives, Issue 1,
May 1986.

6.2.6.6.2 TR 73501 LightGate Service Interface and Performance Specifications, Issue D,
June 1995.

6.2.6.6.3 TR 73525 MegaLink Service, MegaLink Channel Service and MegaLink Plus
Service Interface and Performance Specifications, Issue C, May 1996.
6.3 Unbundled Channelization (Multiplexing)
6.3.1 Unbundled Channelization (UC) provides the optional multiplexing capability that
will allow a DS1 (1.544 Mbps) or DS3 (44.736 Mbps) or STS-1 (51.84 Mbps)
UNE or collocation cross connect to be multiplexed or channelized at a BellSouth
central office. Channelization can be accomplished through the use of a
multiplexer or a digital cross connect system at the discretion of BellSouth. Once
UC has been installed, Level 3 may request channel activation on an as needed
basis and BellSouth shall connect the requested facilities via Central Office
Channel Interfaces (COCIs). The COCI must be compatible with the lower
capacity facility and ordered with the lower capacity facility. This service is
available as defined in NECA 4.
6.3.2 BellSouth shall make available the following channelization systems and interfaces:
6.3.2.1 DS1 Channelization System: channelizes a DS1 signal into a maximum of twenty-
four (24) DS0s. The following Central Office Channel Interfaces (COCI) are
available: Voice Grade, Digital Data and ISDN.
6.3.2.2 DS3 Channelization System: channelizes a DS3 signal into a maximum of twenty-
eight (28) DS1s. A DS1 COCI is available with this system.
6.3.2.3 STS-1 Channelization System: channelizes a STS-1 signal into a maximum of
twenty-eight (28) DS1s. A DS1 COCI is available with this system.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 110 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 48
6.3.2.4 AMI and B8ZS line coding with either Super Frame (SF) and Extended Super
Frame (ESF) framing formats will be supported as an optional feature on DS1
facilities.
6.3.3 Technical Requirements
6.3.3.1 In order to assure proper operation with BellSouth provided central office
multiplexing functionality, Level 3’s channelization equipment must adhere strictly
to form and protocol standards. Level 3 must also adhere to such applicable
industry standards for the multiplex channel bank, for voice frequency encoding,
for various signaling schemes, and for sub rate digital access.

6.3.3.2 TR 73501 LightGate Service Interface and Performance Specifications, Issue D,
June 1995
6.4 Dark Fiber Transport
6.4.1 Dark Fiber Transport is strands of optical fiber existing in aerial or underground
structure. BellSouth will not provide line terminating elements, regeneration or
other electronics necessary for Level 3 to utilize Dark Fiber Transport.
6.4.2 If Dark Fiber Transport is not readily available but can be made available through
routine network modifications, as defined in Section 1.8.2 of this Attachment.
Level 3 may request BellSouth to perform such routine network modifications.
The request may not be used to place fiber.
6.4.3 Requirements
6.4.3.1 BellSouth shall make available Dark Fiber Transport where it exists in BellSouth’s
network and where, as a result of future building or deployment, it becomes
available. Dark Fiber Transport will not be deemed available if (1) it is used by
BellSouth for maintenance and repair purposes, (2) it is designated for use
pursuant to a firm order placed by another customer, (3) it is restricted for use by
all carriers, including BellSouth, because of transmission problems or because it is
scheduled for removal due to documented changes to roads and infrastructure, or
(4) BellSouth has funded, documented plans to use the fiber within a two-year
planning period. BellSouth is not required to place fibers for Dark Fiber Transport
if there are none available.
6.4.3.2 Level 3 is solely responsible for testing the quality of the Dark Fiber Transport to
determine its usability and performance specifications.
6.4.3.3 BellSouth shall use its best efforts to provide to Level 3 information regarding the
location, availability and performance of Dark Fiber Transport within ten (10)
business days after receiving a request from Level 3. Within such time period,
BellSouth shall send written confirmation of availability of the Dark Fiber
Transport.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 111 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 49
6.4.3.4 If Bell South determines that Dark Fiber Transport is not available over a
particular route, in its response, and upon receipt of acceptable non-disclosure
agreement from Level 3, Bell South will provide information regarding: (i) the
number of dark fiber strands reserved for maintenance purposes, (ii) the number of
fiber strands reserved for Bell South’s firm customer orders, (iii) the number of
fiber strands otherwise not available for one of the reasons provided in section
6.4.3.1 above, and (iv) the total number of strands on the requested route. In this
response, Bell South shall also inform Level 3 if a routine network modification
could be implemented to make dark fiber available along the requested route. In its
response, Bell South will inform Level 3 if fewer than the requested number of
dark fiber strands are available on the requested route. Nothing herein shall be
construed to limit Level 3’s ability to challenge, at the Commission, BellSouth’s
determination that dark fiber is unavailable.
6.4.3.5 If the requested Dark Fiber Transport is available, BellSouth shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to provision the Dark Fiber Transport to Level 3
within twenty (20) business days after Level 3 submits a valid, error free LSR.
Provisioning includes identification of appropriate connection points (e.g., LGX)
to enable Level 3 to connect Level 3 provided transmission media (e.g., optical
fiber) or equipment to the Dark Fiber Transport.
7 Databases
7.1 Call Related Databases are the databases set forth in this Attachment, other than
OSS, that are used in signaling networks for billing and collection, or the
transmission, routing or other provision of a telecommunications service.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, BellSouth shall only provide
unbundled access to BellSouth Switched Access (SWA) 8XX Toll Free Dialing
Ten Digit Screening Service, Line Information Database (LIDB), Signaling,
Signaling Link Transport, Signaling Transfer Points, SS7 AIN Access, Service
Control Point\Databases, Local Number Portability Databases, SS7 Network
Interconnection, and Calling Name (CNAM) Database Service at the prices set
forth herein where BellSouth is required to provide and is providing unbundled
access to local circuit switching to Level 3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bell
South shall provide Level 3 with non-discriminatory access to 911 and E911
databases on an unbundled basis as required by FCC rule 51.319(f) in accordance
with Section 11 of this Attachment.
7.2 To the extent unbundled local circuit switching is converted to market based
switching pursuant to Section 4.2.2 of this Attachment, BellSouth may, at its
discretion, provide access to BellSouth Switched Access (SWA) 8XX Toll Free
Dialing Ten Digit Screening Service, LIDB, Signaling, Signaling Link Transport,
Signaling Transfer Points, SS7 AIN Access, Service Control Point\Databases,
Local Number Portability Databases, SS7 Network Interconnection, Calling Name
(CNAM) at market based rates pursuant to a separate agreement or tariff.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 112 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 50
8 BellSouth Switched Access (SWA) 8XX Toll Free Dialing Ten Digit
Screening Service
8.1 The BellSouth SWA 8XX Toll Free Dialing Ten Digit Screening Service database
(8XX SCP Database) is a SCP that contains customer record information and the
functionality to provide call-handling instructions for 8XX calls. The 8XX SCP IN
software stores data downloaded from the national SMS/8XX database and
provides the routing instructions in response to queries from the SSP or tandem.
The BellSouth SWA 8XX Toll Free Dialing Ten Digit Screening Service (8XX
TFD Service) utilizes the 8XX SCP Database to provide identification and routing
of the 8XX calls, based on the ten digits dialed. At Level 3’s option, 8XX TFD
Service is provided with or without POTS number delivery, dialing number
delivery, and other optional complex features as selected by Level 3.
8.2 The 8XX SCP Database is designated to receive and respond to queries using the
ANSI Specification of Signaling System Seven (SS7) protocol.
9 Line Information Database
9.1 LIDB is a transaction-oriented database accessible through Common Channel
Signaling (CCS) networks. For access to LIDB, Level 3 must purchase
appropriate signaling links pursuant to Section 10 of this Attachment. LIDB
contains records associated with End User Line Numbers and Special Billing
Numbers. LIDB accepts queries from other Network Elements and provides
appropriate responses. The query originator need not be the owner of LIDB data.
LIDB queries include functions such as screening billed numbers that provides the
ability to accept Collect or Third Number Billing calls and validation of Telephone
Line Number based non-proprietary calling cards. The interface for the LIDB
functionality is the interface between BellSouth’s CCS network and other CCS
networks. LIDB also interfaces to administrative systems.
9.2 Technical Requirements
9.2.1 BellSouth will offer to Level 3 any additional capabilities that are developed for
LIDB during the life of this Agreement.
9.2.2 BellSouth shall process Level 3’s customer records in LIDB at least at parity with
BellSouth customer records, with respect to other LIDB functions. BellSouth
shall indicate to Level 3 what additional functions (if any) are performed by LIDB
in the BellSouth network.
9.2.3 Within two (2) weeks after a request by Level 3, BellSouth shall provide Level 3
with a list of the customer data items, which Level 3 would have to provide in
order to support each required LIDB function. The list shall indicate which data
items are essential to LIDB function and which are required only to support certain
services. For each data item, the list shall show the data formats, the acceptable
values of the data item and the meaning of those values.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 113 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 51
9.2.4 BellSouth shall provide LIDB systems for which operating deficiencies that would
result in calls being blocked shall not exceed thirty (30) minutes per year.
9.2.5 BellSouth shall provide LIDB systems for which operating deficiencies that would
not result in calls being blocked shall not exceed twelve (12) hours per year.
9.2.6 BellSouth shall provide LIDB systems for which the LIDB function shall be in
overload no more than twelve (12) hours per year.
9.2.7 All additions, updates and deletions of Level 3 data to the LIDB shall be solely at
the direction of Level 3. Such direction from Level 3 will not be required where
the addition, update or deletion is necessary to perform standard fraud control
measures (e.g., calling card auto-deactivation).
9.2.8 BellSouth shall provide priority updates to LIDB for Level 3 data upon Level 3’s
request (e.g., to support fraud detection), via password-protected telephone card,
facsimile, or electronic mail within one hour of notice from the established
BellSouth contact.
9.2.9 BellSouth shall provide LIDB systems such that no more than 0.01% of Level 3
customer records will be missing from LIDB, as measured by Level 3 audits.
BellSouth will audit Level 3 records in LIDB against Data Base Administration
System (DBAS) to identify record mismatches and provide this data to a
designated Level 3 contact person to resolve the status of the records and
BellSouth will update system appropriately. BellSouth will refer record of
mismatches to Level 3 within one (1) business day of audit. Once reconciled
records are received back from Level 3, BellSouth will update LIDB the same
business day if less than 500 records are received before 1:00PM Central Time. If
more than 500 records are received, BellSouth will contact Level 3 to negotiate a
time frame for the updates, not to exceed three business days.
9.2.10 BellSouth shall perform backup and recovery of all of Level 3’s data in LIDB
including sending to LIDB all changes made since the date of the most recent
backup copy, in at least the same time frame BellSouth performs backup and
recovery of BellSouth data in LIDB for itself. Currently, BellSouth performs
backups of the LIDB for itself on a weekly basis; and when a new software release
is scheduled, a backup is performed prior to loading the new release.
9.2.11 BellSouth shall provide Level 3 with LIDB reports of data which are missing or
contain errors, as well as any misrouted errors, within a reasonable time period as
negotiated between Level 3 and BellSouth.
9.2.12 BellSouth shall prevent any access to or use of Level 3 data in LIDB by BellSouth
personnel that are outside of established administrative and fraud control
personnel, or by any other Party that is not authorized by Level 3 in writing.
9.2.13 BellSouth shall provide Level 3 performance of the LIDB Data Screening
function, which allows a LIDB to completely or partially deny specific query
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 114 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 52
originators access to LIDB data owned by specific data owners, for Customer
Data that is part of an NPA-NXX or RAO-0/1XX wholly or partially owned by
Level 3 at least at parity with BellSouth Customer Data. BellSouth shall obtain
from Level 3 the screening information associated with LIDB Data Screening of
Level 3 data in accordance with this requirement. BellSouth currently does not
have LIDB Data Screening capabilities. When such capability is available,
BellSouth shall offer it to Level 3 under the BFR/NBR process as set forth in
Attachment 11.
9.2.14 BellSouth shall accept queries to LIDB associated with Level 3 customer records
and shall return responses in accordance with industry standards.
9.2.15 BellSouth shall provide mean processing time at the LIDB within 0.50 seconds
under normal conditions as defined in industry standards.
9.2.16 BellSouth shall provide processing time at the LIDB within 1 second for 99% of
all messages under normal conditions as defined in industry standards.
9.3 Interface Requirements
9.3.1 BellSouth shall offer LIDB in accordance with the requirements of this subsection.
9.3.2 The interface to LIDB shall be in accordance with the technical references
contained within.
9.3.3 The CCS interface to LIDB shall be the standard interface described herein.
9.3.4 The LIDB Data Base interpretation of the ANSI-TCAP messages shall comply
with the technical reference herein. Global Title Translation (GTT) shall be
maintained in the signaling network in order to support signaling network routing
to the LIDB.
9.3.5 The application of the LIDB rates contained in Exhibit A to this Attachment will
be based on a Percent CLEC LIDB Usage (PCLU) factor. Level 3 shall provide
BellSouth a PCLU. The PCLU will be applied to determine the percentage of
total LIDB usage to be billed to the other Party at local rates. Level 3 shall update
its PCLU on the first of January, April, July and October and shall send it to
BellSouth to be received no later than thirty (30) calendar days after the first of
each such month based on local usage for the past three months ending the last day
of December, March, June and September, respectively. Requirements associated
with PCLU calculation and reporting shall be as set forth in BellSouth’s
Jurisdictional Factors Reporting Guide, as it is amended from time to time.
10 Signaling
10.1 BellSouth shall offer access to signaling and access to BellSouth’s signaling
databases subject to compatibility testing and at the rates set forth in this
Attachment. BellSouth may provide mediated access to BellSouth signaling
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 115 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 53
systems and databases. Available signaling elements include signaling links, signal
transfer points and service control points. Signaling functionality will be available
with both A-link and B-link connectivity.
10.2 Signaling Link Transport
10.2.1 Signaling Link Transport is a set of two (2) or four (4) dedicated 56 kbps
transmission paths between Level 3 designated Signaling Points of Interconnection
that provide appropriate physical diversity.
10.2.2 Technical Requirements
10.2.3 Signaling Link Transport shall consist of full duplex mode 56 kbps transmission
paths and shall perform in the following two ways:
10.2.3.1 As an “A-link” Signaling Link Transport is a connection between a switch or SCP
and a home Signaling Transfer Point switch pair; and
10.2.3.2 As a “B-link” Signaling Link Transport is a connection between two Signaling
Transfer Point switch pairs in different company networks (e.g., between two
Signaling Transfer Point switch pairs for two CLECs).
10.2.4 Signaling Link Transport shall consist of two (2) or more signaling link layers as
follows:
10.2.4.1 An A-link layer shall consist of two (2) links.
10.2.4.2 A B-link layer shall consist of four (4) links.
10.2.4.3 A signaling link layer shall satisfy interoffice and intraoffice diversity of facilities
and equipment, such that:
10.2.4.4 No single failure of facilities or equipment causes the failure of both links in an A-
link layer (i.e., the links should be provided on a minimum of two (2) separate
physical paths end-to-end); and
10.2.4.5 No two (2) concurrent failures of facilities or equipment shall cause the failure of
all four (4) links in a B-link layer (i.e., the links should be provided on a minimum
of three separate physical paths end-to-end).
10.2.5 Interface Requirements
10.2.5.1 There shall be a DS1 (1.544 Mbps) interface at Level 3’s designated SPOIs. Each
56 kbps transmission path shall appear as a DS0 channel within the DS1 interface.
10.3 Signaling Transfer Points
10.3.1 A STP is a signaling network function that includes all of the capabilities provided
by the signaling transfer point switches (STPS) and their associated signaling links
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 116 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 54
that enables the exchange of SS7 messages among and between switching
elements, database elements and signaling transfer point switches.
10.3.2 Technical Requirements
10.3.2.1 STPs shall provide access to BellSouth Local Switching or Tandem Switching and
to BellSouth Service Control Points/Databases connected to BellSouth SS7
network. STPs also provide access to third-party local or tandem switching and
third-party-provided STPs.
10.3.2.2 The connectivity provided by STPs shall fully support the functions of all other
Network Elements connected to the BellSouth SS7 network. This includes the use
of the BellSouth SS7 network to convey messages that neither originate nor
terminate at a signaling end point directly connected to the BellSouth SS7 network
(i.e., transit messages). When the BellSouth SS7 network is used to convey transit
messages, there shall be no alteration of the Integrated Services Digital Network
User Part or Transaction Capabilities Application Part (TCAP) user data that
constitutes the content of the message.
10.3.2.3 If a BellSouth tandem switch routes traffic, based on dialed or translated digits, on
SS7 trunks between a Level 3 local switch and third party local switch, the
BellSouth SS7 network shall convey the TCAP messages that are necessary to
provide Call Management features (Automatic Callback, Automatic Recall, and
Screening List Editing) between Level 3 local STPs and the STPs that provide
connectivity with the third party local switch, even if the third party local switch is
not directly connected to BellSouth STPs.
10.3.2.4 STPs shall provide all functions of the SCCP necessary for Class 0 (basic
connectionless) service as defined in Telcordia ANSI Interconnection
Requirements. This includes GTT and SCCP Management procedures, as
specified in ANSI T1.112.4. Where the destination signaling point is a Level 3 or
third party local or tandem switching system directly connected to BellSouth SS7
network, BellSouth shall perform final GTT of messages to the destination and
SCCP Subsystem Management of the destination. In all other cases, BellSouth
shall perform intermediate GTT of messages to a gateway pair of STPs in an SS7
network connected with BellSouth SS7 network and shall not perform SCCP
Subsystem Management of the destination. If BellSouth performs final GTT to a
Level 3 database, then Level 3 agrees to provide BellSouth with the Destination
Point Code for Level 3 database.
10.3.2.5 STPs shall provide all functions of the Operations, Maintenance and
Administration Part (OMAP) as specified in applicable industry standard technical
references, which may include, where available in BellSouth’s network, MTP
Routing Verification Test (MRVT) and SCCP Routing Verification Test (SRVT).
10.3.2.6 Where the destination signaling point is a BellSouth local or tandem switching
system or database, or is a Level 3 or third party local or tandem switching system
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 117 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 55
directly connected to the BellSouth SS7 network, STPs shall perform MRVT and
SRVT to the destination signaling point. In all other cases, STPs shall perform
MRVT and SRVT to a gateway pair of STPs in an SS7 network connected with
the BellSouth SS7 network. This requirement may be superseded by the
specifications for Internetwork MRVT and SRVT when these become approved
ANSI standards and available capabilities of BellSouth STPs.
10.4 SS7
10.4.1 When technically feasible and upon request by Level 3, SS7 AIN Access shall be
made available in association with switching. SS7 AIN Access is the provisioning
of AIN 0.1 triggers in an equipped BellSouth local switch and interconnection of
the BellSouth SS7 network with Level 3’s SS7 network to exchange TCAP
queries and responses with a Level 3 SCP.
10.4.2 SS7 AIN Access shall provide Level 3 SCP access to an equipped BellSouth local
switch via interconnection of BellSouth's SS7 and Level 3 SS7 Networks.
BellSouth shall offer SS7 AIN Access through its STPs. If BellSouth requires a
mediation device on any part of its network specific to this form of access,
BellSouth must route its messages in the same manner. The interconnection
arrangement shall result in the BellSouth local switch recognizing the Level 3 SCP
as at least at parity with BellSouth’s SCPs in terms of interfaces, performance and
capabilities.
10.4.3 Interface Requirements
10.4.3.1 BellSouth shall provide the following STP options to connect Level 3 or Level 3-
designated local switching systems to the BellSouth SS7 network:
10.4.3.1.1 An A-link interface from Level 3 local switching systems; and,
10.4.3.1.2 A B-link interface from Level 3 local STPs.
10.4.3.2 Each type of interface shall be provided by one or more layers of signaling links.
10.4.3.3 The Signaling Point of Interconnection for each link shall be located at a cross-
connect element in the CO where the BellSouth STP is located. There shall be a
DS1 or higher rate transport interface at each of the SPOIs. Each signaling link
shall appear as a DS0 channel within the DS1 or higher rate interface.
10.4.3.4 BellSouth shall provide intraoffice diversity between the SPOI and BellSouth STPs
so that no single failure of intraoffice facilities or equipment shall cause the failure
of both B-links in a layer connecting to a BellSouth STP.
10.4.3.5 STPs shall provide all functions of the MTP as defined in the applicable industry
standard technical references.
10.4.4 Message Screening
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 118 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 56
10.4.4.1 BellSouth shall set message screening parameters so as to accept valid messages
from Level 3 local or tandem switching systems destined to any signaling point
within BellSouth’s SS7 network where the Level 3 switching system has a valid
signaling relationship.
10.4.4.2 BellSouth shall set message screening parameters so as to pass valid messages
from Level 3 local or tandem switching systems destined to any signaling point or
network accessed through BellSouth’s SS7 network where the Level 3 switching
system has a valid signaling relationship.
10.4.4.3 BellSouth shall set message screening parameters so as to accept and pass/send
valid messages destined to and from Level 3 from any signaling point or network
interconnected through BellSouth’s SS7 network where the Level 3 SCP has a
valid signaling relationship.
10.5 Service Control Points (SCP)/Databases
10.5.1 Call Related Databases provide the storage of, access to, and manipulation of
information required to offer a particular service and/or capability. BellSouth shall
provide access to the following Databases: Local Number Portability, LIDB, Toll
Free Number Database, Automatic Location Identification/Data Management
System, and Calling Name Database. BellSouth also provides access to Service
Creation Environment and Service Management System (SCE/SMS) application
databases and Directory Assistance.
10.5.2 A SCP is deployed in a SS7 network that executes service application logic in
response to SS7 queries sent to it by a switching system also connected to the SS7
network. Service Management Systems provide operational interfaces to allow for
provisioning, administration and maintenance of subscriber data and service
application data stored in SCPs.
10.5.3 Technical Requirements for SCPs/Databases
10.5.3.1 BellSouth shall provide physical access to SCPs through the SS7 network and
protocols with TCAP as the application layer protocol.
10.5.3.2 BellSouth shall provide physical interconnection to databases via industry standard
interfaces and protocols (e.g. SS7, ISDN and X.25).
10.5.3.3 The reliability of interconnection options shall be consistent with requirements for
diversity and survivability.
10.6 Local Number Portability Database
10.6.1 The Permanent Number Portability (PNP) database supplies routing numbers for
calls involving numbers that have been ported from one local service provider to
another. BellSouth agrees to provide access to the PNP database at rates, terms
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 119 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 57
and conditions as set forth by BellSouth and in accordance with an effective FCC
or Commission directive.
10.7 SS7 Network Interconnection
10.7.1 SS7 Network Interconnection is the interconnection of Level 3 local signaling
transfer point switches or Level 3 local or tandem switching systems with
BellSouth signaling transfer point switches. This interconnection provides
connectivity that enables the exchange of SS7 messages among BellSouth
switching systems and databases, Level 3 local or tandem switching systems, and
other third-party switching systems directly connected to the BellSouth SS7
network.
10.7.2 The connectivity provided by SS7 Network Interconnection shall fully support the
functions of BellSouth switching systems and databases and Level 3 or other third-
party switching systems with A-link access to the BellSouth SS7 network.
10.7.3 If traffic is routed based on dialed or translated digits between a Level 3 local
switching system and a BellSouth or other third-party local switching system,
either directly or via a BellSouth tandem switching system, then it is a requirement
that the BellSouth SS7 network convey via SS7 Network Interconnection the
TCAP messages that are necessary to provide Call Management services
(Automatic Callback, Automatic Recall, and Screening List Editing) between the
Level 3 local signaling transfer point switches and BellSouth or other third-party
local switch.
10.7.4 SS7 Network Interconnection shall provide:
10.7.4.1 Signaling Data Link functions, as specified in ANSI T1.111.2;
10.7.4.2 Signaling Link functions, as specified in ANSI T1.111.3; and
10.7.4.3 Signaling Network Management functions, as specified in ANSI T1.111.4.
10.7.5 SS7 Network Interconnection shall provide all functions of the SCCP necessary
for Class 0 (basic connectionless) service as specified in ANSI T1.112. This
includes GTT and SCCP Management procedures as specified in ANSI T1.112.4.
Where the destination signaling point is a BellSouth switching system or DB, or is
another third-party local or tandem switching system directly connected to the
BellSouth SS7 network, SS7 Network Interconnection shall include final GTT of
messages to the destination and SCCP Subsystem Management of the destination.
Where the destination signaling point is a Level 3 local or tandem switching
system, SS7 Network Interconnection shall include intermediate GTT of messages
to a gateway pair of Level 3 local STPs and shall not include SCCP Subsystem
Management of the destination.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 120 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 58
10.7.6 SS7 Network Interconnection shall provide all functions of the Integrated Services
Digital Network User Part as specified in ANSI T1.113.
10.7.7 SS7 Network Interconnection shall provide all functions of the TCAP as specified
in ANSI T1.114.
10.7.8 If Internetwork MRVT and SRVT become approved ANSI standards and
available capabilities of BellSouth STPs, SS7 Network Interconnection may
provide these functions of the OMAP.
10.7.9 Interface Requirements
10.7.9.1 The following SS7 Network Interconnection interface options are available to
connect Level 3 or Level 3-designated local or tandem switching systems or
signaling transfer point switches to the BellSouth SS7 network:
10.7.9.1.1 A-link interface from Level 3 local or tandem switching systems; and
10.7.9.1.2 B-link interface from Level 3 STPs.
10.7.9.2 The Signaling Point of Interconnection for each link shall be located at a cross-
connect element in the central office where the BellSouth STP is located. There
shall be a DS1 or higher rate transport interface at each of the Signaling Points of
interconnection. Each signaling link shall appear as a DS0 channel within the DS1
or higher rate interface.
10.7.9.3 BellSouth shall provide intraoffice diversity between the Signaling Points of
Interconnection and the BellSouth STP, so that no single failure of intraoffice
facilities or equipment shall cause the failure of both B-links in a layer connecting
to a BellSouth STP.
10.7.9.4 The protocol interface requirements for SS7 Network Interconnection include the
MTP, ISDNUP, SCCP, and TCAP. These protocol interfaces shall conform to the
applicable industry standard technical references.
10.7.9.5 BellSouth shall set message screening parameters to accept messages from Level 3
local or tandem switching systems destined to any signaling point in the BellSouth
SS7 network with which the Level 3 switching system has a valid signaling
relationship.
11 Automatic Location Identification/Data Management System (ALI/DMS)
11.1 The ALI/DMS Database contains End User information (including name, address,
telephone information, and sometimes special information from the local service
provider or End User) used to determine to which PSAP to route the call. The
ALI/DMS database is used to provide enhanced routing flexibility for E911. Level
3 will be required to provide BellSouth daily updates to E911 database. Level 3
shall also be responsible for providing BellSouth with complete and accurate data
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 121 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 59
for submission to the 911/E911 database for the purpose of providing 911/E911
service to its End Users.
11.2 Technical Requirements
11.2.1 BellSouth shall provide Level 3 the capability of providing updates to the
ALI/DMS database. BellSouth shall provide error reports from the ALI/DMS
database to Level 3 after Level 3 provides End User information for input into the
ALI/DMS database.
11.2.2 Level 3 shall conform to the National Emergency Number Association (NENA)
recommended standards for LNP and updating the ALI/DMS database.
12 Calling Name Database Service
12.1 CNAM is the ability to associate a name with the calling party number, allowing
the End User (to which a call is being terminated) to view the calling party's name
before the call is answered. The calling party’s information is accessed by queries
launched to the CNAM database. This service also provides Level 3 the
opportunity to load and store its subscriber names in the BellSouth CNAM SCPs.
12.2 Level 3 shall submit to BellSouth a notice of its intent to access and utilize
BellSouth CNAM Database Services. Said notice shall be in writing no less than
sixty (60) calendar days prior to Level 3’s access to BellSouth’s CNAM Database
Services and shall be addressed to Level 3’s Local Contract Manager.
12.3 BellSouth's provision of CNAM Database Services to Level 3 requires
interconnection from Level 3 to BellSouth CNAM SCPs. Such interconnections
shall be established pursuant to Attachment 3 of this Agreement.
12.4 In order to formulate a CNAM query to be sent to the BellSouth CNAM SCP,
Level 3 shall provide its own CNAM SSP. Level 3’s CNAM SSPs must be
compliant with TR-NWT-001188, "CLASS Calling Name Delivery Generic
Requirements".
12.5 If Level 3 elects to access the BellSouth CNAM SCP via a third party CCS7
transport provider, the third party CCS7 provider shall interconnect with the
BellSouth CCS7 network according to BellSouth's Common Channel Signaling
Interconnection Guidelines and Telcordia's CCS Network Interface Specification
document, TR-TSV-000905. In addition, the third party provider shall establish
CCS7 interconnection at the BellSouth Local Signal Transfer Points (LSTPs)
serving the BellSouth CNAM SCPs that Level 3 desires to query.
12.6 If Level 3 queries the BellSouth CNAM SCP via a third party national SS7
transport provider, the third party SS7 provider shall interconnect with the
BellSouth CCS7 network according to BellSouth's Common Channel Signaling
Interconnection Guidelines and Telcordia’s CCS Network Interface Specification
document, TR-TSV-000905. In addition, the third party provider shall establish
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 122 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 60
SS7 interconnection at one or more of the BellSouth Gateway STPs. The payment
of all costs associated with the transport of SS7 signals via a third party will be
established by mutual agreement of the Parties and this Agreement shall be
amended in accordance with modification of the General Terms and Conditions
incorporated herein by this reference.
12.7 The mechanism to be used by Level 3 for initial CNAM record load and/or updates
shall be determined by mutual agreement. The initial load and all updates shall be
provided by Level 3 in the BellSouth specified format and shall contain records for
every working telephone number that can originate phone calls. It is the
responsibility of Level 3 to provide accurate information to BellSouth on a current
basis.
12.8 Updates to the SMS shall occur no less than once a week, reflect service order
activity affecting either name or telephone number, and involve only record
additions, deletions or changes.
12.9 Level 3 CNAM records provided for storage in the BellSouth CNAM SCP shall be
available, on a SCP query basis only, to all Parties querying the BellSouth CNAM
SCP. Further, CNAM service shall be provided by each Party consistent with state
and/or federal regulation.
13 Service Creation Environment and Service Management System (SCE/SMS)
Advanced Intelligent Network Access
13.1 BellSouth’s SCE/SMS AIN Access shall provide Level 3 the capability to create
service applications in a BellSouth SCE and deploy those applications in a
BellSouth SMS to a BellSouth SCP.
13.2 BellSouth’s SCE/SMS AIN Access shall provide access to SCE hardware,
software, testing and technical support (e.g., help desk, system administrator)
resources available to Level 3. Training, documentation, and technical support
will address use of SCE and SMS access and administrative functions but will not
include support for the creation of a specific service application.
13.3 BellSouth SCP shall partition and protect Level 3 service logic and data from
unauthorized access.
13.4 When Level 3 selects SCE/SMS AIN Access, BellSouth shall provide training,
documentation, and technical support to enable Level 3 to use BellSouth’s
SCE/SMS AIN Access to create and administer applications.
13.5 Level 3 access will be provided via remote data connection (e.g., dial-in, ISDN).
13.6 BellSouth shall allow Level 3 to download data forms and/or tables to BellSouth
SCP via BellSouth SMS without intervention from BellSouth.
14 Operational Support Systems
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 123 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
Attachment 2
Page 61
14.1 BellSouth has developed and made available electronic interfaces by which Level 3
may submit LSRs electronically.
14.2 LSRs submitted by means of one of these electronic interfaces will incur an OSS
electronic ordering charge. An individual LSR will be identified for billing
purposes by its Purchase Order Number (PON). LSRs submitted by means other
than one of these interactive interfaces (mail, fax, courier, etc.) will incur a manual
order charge. All OSS charges are specified in Exhibit A of this Attachment.
14.3 Denial/Restoral OSS Charge
14.3.1 In the event Level 3 provides a list of customers to be denied and restored, rather
than an LSR, each location on the list will require a separate PON and therefore
will be billed as one LSR per location.
14.4 Cancellation OSS Charge
14.4.1 Level 3 will incur an OSS charge for an accepted LSR that is later canceled.
14.5 Supplements or clarifications to a previously billed LSR will not incur another OSS
charge.
14.6 Network Elements and Other Services Manual Additive
14.6.1 The Commissions in some states have ordered per element manual additive
nonrecurring charges (NRC) for Network Elements and Other Services ordered by
means other than one of the interactive interfaces. These ordered Network
Elements and Other Services manual additive NRCs will apply in these states,
rather than the charge per LSR. The per element charges are listed in Exhibit A.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003
CCCS 124 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
The "Zone" shown in the sections for stand-alone loops or loops as part of a combination refers to Geographically Deaveraged UNE Zones. To view Geographically Deaveraged UNE Zone Designations by Central Office, refer to internet Website:
http://www.interconnection.bellsouth.com/become_a_clec/html/interconnection.htm
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
each of the 9 states.
NOTE: (2) Any element that can be ordered electronically will be billed according to the SOMEC rate listed in this category. Please refer to BellSouth's Local Ordering Handbook (LOH) to determine if a product can be ordered electronically. For those elements
that cannot be ordered electronically at present per the LOH, the listed SOMEC rate in this category reflects the charge that would be billed to a CLEC once electronic ordering capabilities come on-line for that element. Otherwise, the manual ordering charge,
SOMAN, will be applied to a CLECs bill when it submits an LSR to BellSouth.
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - UNE Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - UNE Only SOMAN 15.66 0.00 1.97 0.00
UNE SERVICE DATE ADVANCEMENT CHARGE
NOTE: The Expedite charge will be maintained commensurate with BellSouth's FCC No.1 Tariff, Section 5 as applicable.
UAL, UEANL, UCL,
UEF, UDF, UEQ,
UDL, UENTW, UDN,
UEA, UHL, ULC,
USL, U1T12, U1T48,
U1TD1, U1TD3,
U1TDX, U1TO3,
U1TS1, U1TVX,
UC1BC, UC1BL,
UC1CC, UC1CL,
UC1DC, UC1DL,
UC1EC, UC1EL,
UC1FC, UC1FL,
UC1GC, UC1GL,
UC1HC, UC1HL,
UDL12, UDL48,
UDLO3, UDLSX,
UE3, ULD12,
ULD48, ULDD1,
ULDD3, ULDDX,
ULDO3, ULDS1,
ULDVX, UNC1X,
UNC3X, UNCDX,
UNCNX, UNCSX,
UNCVX, UNLD1,
UNLD3, UXTD1,
UXTD3, UXTS1,
UNE Expedite Charge per Circuit or Line Assignable USOC, per U1TUC, U1TUD,
Day U1TUB, U1TUA SDASP 200.00
UNBUNDLED EXCHANGE ACCESS LOOP
2-WIRE ANALOG VOICE GRADE LOOP
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 1 1 UEANL UEAL2 12.58 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 2 2 UEANL UEAL2 21.05 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 3 3 UEANL UEAL2 34.34 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 1 1 UEANL UEASL 12.58 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 2 2 UEANL UEASL 21.05 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 3 3 UEANL UEASL 34.34 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEANL URETL 8.33 0.83
Loop Testing - Basic 1st Half Hour UEANL URET1 34.16 34.16
Loop Testing - Basic Additional Half Hour UEANL URETA 19.85 19.85
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 1 of 348
CCCS 125 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge Without Outside Dispatch
(UVL-SL1) UEANL UREWO 15.78 8.94
Unbundled Voice Loop, Non-Design Voice Loop, billing for BST
providing make-up (Engineering Information - E.I.) UEANL UEANM 13.44
Manual Order Coordination for UVL-SL1s (per loop) UEANL UEAMC 8.15 8.15
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time for UVL-SL1
(per LSR) UEANL OCOSL 18.09
2-WIRE Unbundled COPPER LOOP
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop - Non-Designed Zone 1 1 UEQ UEQ2X 11.20 34.14 15.10 21.25 4.15
2 Wire Unbundled Copper Loop - Non-Designed - Zone 2 2 UEQ UEQ2X 13.27 34.14 15.10 21.25 4.15
2 Wire Unbundled Copper Loop - Non-Designed - Zone 3 3 UEQ UEQ2X 15.07 34.14 15.10 21.25 4.15
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEQ URETL 8.33 0.83
Manual Order Coordination 2 Wire Unbundled Copper Loop -
Non-Designed (per loop) UEQ USBMC 8.15
Unbundled Copper Loop, Non-Design Copper Loop, billing for
BST providing make-up (Engineering Information - E.I.) UEQ UEQMU 13.44
Loop Testing - Basic 1st Half Hour UEQ URET1 34.16 34.16
Loop Testing - Basic Additional Half Hour UEQ URETA 19.85 19.85
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge Without Outside Dispatch
(UCL-ND) UEQ UREWO 14.27 7.43
UNBUNDLED EXCHANGE ACCESS LOOP
2-WIRE ANALOG VOICE GRADE LOOP
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop-Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 1 1 UEPSR UEPSB UEALS 12.58 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop-Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 1 1 UEPSR UEPSB UEABS 12.58 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop- Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 2 2 UEPSR UEPSB UEALS 21.05 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop- Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 2 2 UEPSR UEPSB UEABS 21.05 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop-Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 3 3 UEPSR UEPSB UEALS 34.34 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop-Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 3 3 UEPSR UEPSB UEABS 34.34 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
UNBUNDLED EXCHANGE ACCESS LOOP
2-WIRE ANALOG VOICE GRADE LOOP
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Loop or
Ground Start Signaling - Zone 1 1 UEA UEAL2 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Loop or
Ground Start Signaling - Zone 2 2 UEA UEAL2 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Loop or
Ground Start Signaling - Zone 3 3 UEA UEAL2 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UEA OCOSL 18.09
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Reverse
Battery Signaling - Zone 1 1 UEA UEAR2 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Reverse
Battery Signaling - Zone 2 2 UEA UEAR2 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Reverse
Battery Signaling - Zone 3 3 UEA UEAR2 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UEA OCOSL 18.09
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UEA UREWO 87.72 36.36
Loop Tagging - Service Level 2 (SL2) UEA URETL 11.21 1.10
4-WIRE ANALOG VOICE GRADE LOOP
4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Zone 1 1 UEA UEAL4 25.34 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Zone 2 2 UEA UEAL4 38.58 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Zone 3 3 UEA UEAL4 60.02 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UEA OCOSL 18.09
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UEA UREWO 87.72 36.36
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 2 of 348
CCCS 126 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-WIRE ISDN DIGITAL GRADE LOOP
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - Zone 1 1 UDN U1L2X 21.88 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - Zone 2 2 UDN U1L2X 32.85 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - Zone 3 3 UDN U1L2X 48.55 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
Order Coordination For Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UDN OCOSL 18.09
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UDN UREWO 91.63 44.16
2-WIRE ASYMMETRICAL DIGITAL SUBSCRIBER LINE (ADSL) COMPATIBLE LOOP
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UAL UAL2X 11.01 110.00 68.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UAL UAL2X 12.73 110.00 68.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UAL UAL2X 14.30 110.00 68.00 47.24 7.44
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UAL OCOSL 18.09
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop without manual service inquiry &
facility reservaton - Zone 1 1 UAL UAL2W 11.01 90.00 57.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop without manual service inquiry &
facility reservaton - Zone 2 2 UAL UAL2W 12.73 90.00 57.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop without manual service inquiry &
facility reservaton - Zone 3 3 UAL UAL2W 14.30 90.00 57.00 47.24 7.44
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UAL OCOSL 18.09
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UAL UREWO 86.20 40.40
2-WIRE HIGH BIT RATE DIGITAL SUBSCRIBER LINE (HDSL) COMPATIBLE LOOP
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UHL UHL2X 8.74 110.00 68.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UHL UHL2X 10.17 110.00 68.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UHL UHL2X 11.44 110.00 68.00 47.24 7.44
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UHL OCOSL 18.09
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UHL UHL2W 8.74 90.00 57.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UHL UHL2W 10.17 90.00 57.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UHL UHL2W 11.44 90.00 57.00 47.24 7.44
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UHL OCOSL 18.09
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UHL UREWO 86.14 40.40
4-WIRE HIGH BIT RATE DIGITAL SUBSCRIBER LINE (HDSL) COMPATIBLE LOOP
4 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UHL UHL4X 13.95 148.36 68.00 51.70 9.73
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UHL UHL4X 15.56 148.36 68.00 51.70 9.73
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UHL UHL4X 15.25 148.36 68.00 51.70 9.73
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UHL OCOSL 18.09
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UHL UHL4W 13.95 94.00 57.00 51.70 9.73
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UHL UHL4W 15.56 94.00 57.00 51.70 9.73
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UHL UHL4W 15.25 94.00 57.00 51.70 9.73
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UHL OCOSL 18.09
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UHL UREWO 86.14 40.40
4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL LOOP
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - Zone 1 1 USL USLXX 82.55 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - Zone 2 2 USL USLXX 154.18 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - Zone 3 3 USL USLXX 314.52 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) USL OCOSL 18.09
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 3 of 348
CCCS 127 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch USL UREWO 101.09 43.05
4-WIRE 19.2, 56 OR 64 KBPS DIGITAL GRADE LOOP
4 Wire Unbundled Digital 19.2 Kbps 1 UDL UDL19 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4 Wire Unbundled Digital 19.2 Kbps 2 UDL UDL19 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4 Wire Unbundled Digital 19.2 Kbps 3 UDL UDL19 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 56 Kbps - Zone 1 1 UDL UDL56 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 56 Kbps - Zone 2 2 UDL UDL56 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 56 Kbps - Zone 3 3 UDL UDL56 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UDL OCOSL 18.09
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 64 Kbps - Zone 1 1 UDL UDL64 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 64 Kbps - Zone 2 2 UDL UDL64 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 64 Kbps - Zone 3 3 UDL UDL64 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UDL OCOSL 18.09
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UDL UREWO 102.13 49.75
2-WIRE Unbundled COPPER LOOP
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed including manual
service inquiry & facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UCL UCLPB 11.01 112.46 65.30 47.24 7.44
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed including manual
service inquiry & facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UCL UCLPB 12.73 112.46 65.30 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed including manual
service inquiry & facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UCL UCLPB 14.30 112.46 65.30 47.24 7.44
Order Coordination for Unbundled Copper Loops (per loop) UCL UCLMC 8.15 8.15
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed without manual
service inquiry and facility reservation - Zone 1 I 1 UCL UCLPW 11.01 91.46 54.30 47.24 7.44
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed without manual
service inquiry and facility reservation - Zone 2 I 2 UCL UCLPW 12.73 91.46 54.30 47.24 7.44
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed without manual
service inquiry and facility reservation - Zone 3 I 3 UCL UCLPW 14.30 91.46 54.30 47.24 7.44
Order Coordination for Unbundled Copper Loops (per loop) UCL UCLMC 8.15 8.15
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch
(UCL-Des) UCL UREWO 97.23 42.48
4-WIRE COPPER LOOP
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UCL UCL4S 17.36 135.21 88.05 51.70 9.73
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UCL UCL4S 20.76 135.21 88.05 51.70 9.73
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UCL UCL4S 28.21 135.21 88.05 51.70 9.73
Order Coordination for Unbundled Copper Loops (per loop) UCL UCLMC 8.15 8.15
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 I 1 UCL UCL4W 17.36 114.21 67.05 51.70 9.73
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 I 2 UCL UCL4W 20.76 114.21 67.05 51.70 9.73
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 I 3 UCL UCL4W 28.21 114.21 67.05 51.70 9.73
Order Coordination for Unbundled Copper Loops (per loop) UCL UCLMC 8.15 8.15
CLEC to CLEC conversion Charge without outside dispatch UCL UREWO 97.23 42.48
LOOP MODIFICATION
UAL, UHL, UCL,
UEQ, ULS, UEA,
Unbundled Loop Modification, Removal of Load Coils - 2 Wire UEANL, UEPSR,
pair less than or equal to 18k ft. per Unbundled Loop I UEPSB ULM2L 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Loop Modification Removal of Load Coils - 4 Wire
less than or equal to 18K ft, per Unbundled Loop I UHL, UCL, UEA ULM4L 0.00 0.00
UAL, UHL, UCL,
UEQ,ULS,UEA,
Unbundled Loop Modification Removal of Bridged Tap Removal, UEANL, UEPSR,
per unbundled loop I UEPSB ULMBT 32.41 32.41
SUB-LOOPS
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 4 of 348
CCCS 128 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Sub-Loop Distribution
Sub-Loop - Per Cross Box Location - CLEC Feeder Facility Set-
Up I UEANL USBSA 244.42
Sub-Loop - Per Cross Box Location - Per 25 Pair Panel Set-Up I UEANL USBSB 22.64
Sub-Loop - Per Building Equipment Room - CLEC Feeder
Facility Set-Up I UEANL USBSC 177.45
Sub-Loop - Per Building Equipment Room - Per 25 Pair Panel
Set-Up I UEANL USBSD 55.15
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 1 1 UEANL USBN2 11.21 65.80 30.96 45.25 6.70
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 2 2 UEANL USBN2 11.94 65.80 30.96 45.25 6.70
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 3 3 UEANL USBN2 16.86 65.80 30.96 45.25 6.70
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEANL USBMC 8.15 8.15
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 1 1 UEANL USBN4 8.46 79.03 44.19 49.71 9.07
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 2 2 UEANL USBN4 16.67 79.03 44.19 49.71 9.07
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 3 3 UEANL USBN4 32.57 79.03 44.19 49.71 9.07
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEANL USBMC 8.15 8.15
Sub-Loop 2-Wire Intrabuilding Network Cable (INC) I UEANL USBR2 2.27 53.01 18.17 45.25 6.70
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEANL USBMC 8.15 8.15
Sub-Loop 4-Wire Intrabuilding Network Cable (INC) I UEANL USBR4 5.16 59.25 24.41 49.71 9.07
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEANL USBMC 8.15 8.15
Loop Testing - Basic 1st Half Hour UEANL URET1 34.16 34.16
Loop Testing - Basic Additional Half Hour UEANL URETA 19.85 19.85
2 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 1 1 UEF UCS2X 6.22 65.80 30.96 45.25 6.70
2 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 2 2 UEF UCS2X 8.76 65.80 30.96 45.25 6.70
2 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 3 3 UEF UCS2X 11.27 65.80 30.96 45.25 6.70
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEF USBMC 8.15 8.15
4 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 1 1 UEF UCS4X 6.11 79.03 44.19 49.71 9.07
4 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 2 2 UEF UCS4X 12.61 79.03 44.19 49.71 9.07
4 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 3 3 UEF UCS4X 15.36 79.03 44.19 49.71 9.07
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEF USBMC 8.15 8.15
Loop Testing - Basic 1st Half Hour UEF URET1 34.16 34.16
Loop Testing - Basic Additional Half Hour UEF URETA 19.85 19.85
Unbundled Network Terminating Wire (UNTW)
Unbundled Network Terminating Wire (UNTW) per Pair UENTW UENPP 0.40 30.01
Network Interface Device (NID)
Network Interface Device (NID) - 1-2 lines UENTW UND12 43.23 28.38
Network Interface Device (NID) - 1-6 lines UENTW UND16 63.97 49.11
Network Interface Device Cross Connect - 2 W UENTW UNDC2 5.87 5.87
Network Interface Device Cross Connect - 4W UENTW UNDC4 5.87 5.87
UNE OTHER, PROVISIONING ONLY - NO RATE
NID - Dispatch and Service Order for NID installation UENTW UNDBX 0.00 0.00
UNTW Circuit Id Establishment, Provisioning Only - No Rate UENTW UENCE 0.00 0.00
UEANL,UEF,UEQ,U
Unbundled Contract Name, Provisioning Only - No Rate ENTW UNECN 0.00 0.00
UNE OTHER, PROVISIONING ONLY - NO RATE
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 5 of 348
CCCS 129 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
UAL,UCL,UDC,UDL,
Unbundled Contact Name, Provisioning Only - no rate UDN,UEA,UHL,ULC UNECN 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Sub-Loop Feeder-2 Wire Cross Box Jumper - no
rate UEA,UDN,UCL,UDC USBFQ 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Sub-Loop Feeder-4 Wire Cross Box Jumper - no
rate UEA,USL,UCL,UDL USBFR 0.00 0.00
Unbundled DS1 Loop - Superframe Format Option - no rate USL CCOSF 0.00 0.00
Unbundled DS1 Loop - Expanded Superframe Format option -
no rate USL CCOEF 0.00 0.00
HIGH CAPACITY UNBUNDLED LOCAL LOOP
High Capacity Unbundled Local Loop - DS3 - Per Mile per
month UE3 1L5ND 8.38
High Capacity Unbundled Local Loop - DS3 - Facility
Termination per month UE3 UE3PX 308.98 451.52 263.94 119.49 83.58
High Capacity Unbundled Local Loop - STS-1 - Per Mile per
month UDLSX 1L5ND 8.38
High Capacity Unbundled Local Loop - STS-1 - Facility
Termination per month UDLSX UDLS1 319.83 451.52 263.94 119.49 83.58
LOOP MAKE-UP
Loop Makeup - Preordering Without Reservation, per working or
spare facility queried (Manual). UMK UMKLW 20.00 20.00
Loop Makeup - Preordering With Reservation, per spare facility
queried (Manual). UMK UMKLP 21.00 21.00
Loop Makeup--With or Without Reservation, per working or
spare facility queried (Mechanized) UMK UMKMQ 0.59 0.59
LINE SHARING AND LINE SPLITTING
NOTE 1: The Line Sharing monthly recurring rates for all installations completed from October 02, 2003 through midnight October 01, 2004 shall be billed as follows:
NOTE 1: 10/02/2003 – 10/01/2004: 25% of the rate for an unbundled copper loop non-designed (“UCLND”)
NOTE 1: 10/02/2004 – 10/01/2005: 50% of the rate for UCLND
NOTE 1: 10/02/2005 – 10/01/2006: 75% of the rate for UCLND
NOTE 1: Above will apply to USOCS: ULSDT and ULSCT
**NOTE 2: The Line Sharing monthly recurring rates with USOCs ULSDC and ULSCC applies only to circuits installed and inservice on or before October 1, 2003
LINE SHARING
SPLITTERS-CENTRAL OFFICE BASED
Line Sharing Splitter, per System 96 Line Capacity ULS ULSDA 155.97 188.79 0.00 177.98 0.00
Line Sharing Splitter, per System 24 Line Capacity ULS ULSDB 38.99 188.79 0.00 177.98 0.00
Line Sharing Splitter, Per System, 8 Line Capacity ULS ULSD8 12.73 377.58 0.00 355.96 0.00
Line Sharing-DLEC Owned Splitter in CO-CFA activaton-
deactivation (per LSOD) ULS ULSDG 86.47 0.00 49.84 0.00
END USER ORDERING-CENTRAL OFFICE BASED LINE SHARING
Line Sharing - per Line Activation (BST Owned splitter) -
OBSOLETE see **NOTE 2 ULS ULSDC 0.61 18.51 10.60 10.01 4.92
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, BST owned splitter -
Central Office Located (25% of UCLND) - please see NOTE 1
(E:10/2/2003) ULS ULSDT 2.80 18.51 10.60 10.01 4.92
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, BST owned splitter -
Central Office Located (50% of UCLND) - please see NOTE 1
(E:10/2/2004) ULS ULSDT 5.60 18.51 10.60 10.01 4.92
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, BST owned splitter -
Central Office Located (75% of UCLND) - please see NOTE 1
(E:10/2/2005) ULS ULSDT 8.40 18.51 10.60 10.01 4.92
Line Sharing - per Subsequent Activity per Line
Rearrangement(BST Owned Splitter ULS ULSDS 16.39 8.19
Line Sharing - per Subsequent Activity per Line
Rearrangement(DLEC Owned Splitter ULS ULSCS 16.39 8.19
Line Sharing - per Line Activation (DLEC owned Splitter) -
OBSOLETE see **NOTE 2 ULS ULSCC 0.61 47.44 19.31 20.02 9.83
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 6 of 348
CCCS 130 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, CLEC owned
splitter - Central Office Located (25% of UCLND) - please see
NOTE 1 (E:10/2/2003) ULS ULSCT 2.80 47.44 19.31 20.02 9.83
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, CLEC owned
splitter - Central Office Located (50% of UCLND) - please see
NOTE 1 (E:10/2/2004) ULS ULSCT 5.60 47.44 19.31 20.02 9.83
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, CLEC owned
splitter - Central Office Located (75% of UCLND) - please see
NOTE 1 (E:10/2/2005) ULS ULSCT 8.40 47.44 19.31 20.02 9.83
LINE SPLITTING
END USER ORDERING-CENTRAL OFFICE BASED
Line Splitting - per line activation DLEC owned splitter UEPSR UEPSB UREOS 0.61
Line Splitting - per line activation BST owned - physical UEPSR UEPSB UREBP 0.61 37.01 21.19 20.02 9.83
Line Splitting - per line activation BST owned - virtual UEPSR UEPSB UREBV 0.61 37.01 21.19 20.02 9.83
MAINTENANCE
No Trouble Found - per 1/2 hour increments - Basic 80.00 55.00
No Trouble Found - per 1/2 hour increments - Overtime 120.00 82.50
No Trouble Found - per 1/2 hour increments - Premium 160.00 110.00
UNBUNDLED DEDICATED TRANSPORT
INTEROFFICE CHANNEL - DEDICATED TRANSPORT
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 2-Wire Voice Grade -
Per Mile per month U1TVX 1L5XX 0.008838
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport- 2- Wire Voice Grade -
Facility Termination U1TVX U1TV2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transpor t- 2-Wire Voice Grade
Rev Bat. - Per Mile per month U1TVX 1L5XX 0.008838
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport- 2- Wire VG Rev Bat. -
Facility Termination U1TVX U1TR2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 4-Wire Voice Grade -
Per Mile per month U1TVX 1L5XX 0.008838
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 4- Wire Voice Grade
- Facility Termination U1TVX U1TV4 18.73 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 56 kbps - per mile
per month U1TDX 1L5XX 0.008838
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 56 kbps - Facility
Termination U1TDX U1TD5 15.12 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 64 kbps - per mile
per month U1TDX 1L5XX 0.008838
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 64 kbps - Facility
Termination U1TDX U1TD6 15.12 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Channel - DS1 - Per Mile per
month U1TD1 1L5XX 0.18
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Tranport - DS1 - Facility
Termination U1TD1 U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - DS3 - Per Mile per
month U1TD3 1L5XX 4.09
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - DS3 - Facility
Termination per month U1TD3 U1TF3 703.52 278.75 162.76 60.20 28.46
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - STS-1 - Per Mile per
month U1TS1 1L5XX 4.09
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - STS-1 - Facility
Termination U1TS1 U1TFS 701.37 278.75 162.76 60.20 28.46
DARK FIBER
Dark Fiber, Four Fiber Strands, Per Route Mile or Fraction
Thereof per month - Interoffice Channel UDF, UDFCX 1L5DF 23.29
NRC Dark Fiber - Interoffice Channel UDF, UDFCX UDF14 639.09 137.87 317.06 197.66
Dark Fiber, Four Fiber Strands, Per Route Mile or Fraction
Thereof per month - Local Loop UDF, UDFCX 1L5DL 60.32
NRC Dark Fiber - Local Loop UDF, UDFCX UDFL4 639.09 137.87 317.06 197.66
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 7 of 348
CCCS 131 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
8XX ACCESS TEN DIGIT SCREENING
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Per Call OHD 0.00056
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Reservation Charge Per 8XX
Number Reserved OHD N8R1X 2.58 0.44
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Per 8XX No. Established W/O
POTS Translations OHD 5.94 0.81 4.57 0.54
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Per 8XX No. Established With
POTS Translations OHD N8FTX 5.94 0.81 4.57 0.54
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Customized Area of Service
Per 8XX Number OHD N8FCX 2.58 1.29
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Multiple InterLATA CXR
Routing Per CXR Requested Per 8XX No. OHD N8FMX 3.02 1.73
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Change Charge Per Request OHD N8FAX 3.02 0.44
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Call Handling and Destination
Features OHD N8FDX 2.58
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, w/ 8FL No. Delivery OHD 0.000565
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, w/ POTS No. Delivery OHD 0.000565
LINE INFORMATION DATA BASE ACCESS (LIDB)
LIDB Common Transport Per Query OQT 0.00002
LIDB Validation Per Query OQU 0.012002
LIDB Originating Point Code Establishment or Change OQT, OQU NRBPX 34.32 42.08
SIGNALING (CCS7)
CCS7 Signaling Connection, Per 56Kbps Facility 15.46 35.53 35.53 16.44 16.44
CCS7 Signaling Termination, Per STP Port UDB PT8SX 130.83
CCS7 Signaling Usage, Per Call Setup Message 0.0000142
CCS7 Signaling Usage, Per TCAP Message UDB 0.0000569
CCS7 Signaling Connection, Per link (A link) UDB TPP++ 15.46 35.53 35.53 16.44 16.44
CCS7 Signaling Connection, Per link (B link) (also known as D
link) UDB TPP++ 15.46 35.53 35.53 16.44 16.44
CCS7 Signaling Usage, Per ISUP Message UDB 0.0000142
CCS7 Signaling Usage Surrogate, per link per LATA UDB STU56 650.33
CCS7 Signaling Point Code, per Originating Point Code
Establishment or Change, per STP affected UDB CCAPO 29.01 29.01 35.57 35.57
E911 SERVICE
Local Channel - Dedicated - 2-wr Voice Grade 13.97 193.10 33.17 36.64 3.20
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2-wr Voice Grade Per Mile 0.008838
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2-wr Voice Grade Per Facility
Termination 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Local Channel - Dedicated - DS1 - Zone 1 35.76 177.47 153.72 22.19 15.26
Local Channel - Dedicated - DS1 - Zone 2 49.98 177.47 153.72 22.19 15.26
Local Channel - Dedicated - DS1 - Zone 3 107.63 177.47 153.72 22.19 15.26
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 Per Mile 0.18
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 Per Facility Termination 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
CALLING NAME (CNAM) SERVICE
CNAM For DB Owners - Service Establishment OQV 22.95 21.11
CNAM For Non DB Owners - Service Establishment OQV 22.95 21.11
CNAM For DB Owners - Service Provisioning With Point Code
Establishment OQV 990.88 732.84 268.93 197.74
CNAM For Non DB Owners - Service Provisioning With Point
Code Establishment OQV 342.33 245.14 275.25 197.74
CNAM for DB Owners, Per Query OQV 0.000902
CNAM for Non DB Owners, Per Query OQV 0.000902
SELECTIVE ROUTING
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 84.70 84.70 14.11 14.11
VIRTUAL COLLOCATION
Virtual Collocation-2 Wire Cross Connects (Loop) for Line
Splitting UEPSR UEPSB VE1LS 0.03 12.30 11.80 6.03 5.44
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 8 of 348
CCCS 132 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
PHYSICAL COLLOCATION
Physical Collocation-2 Wire Cross Connects (Loop) for Line
Splitting UEPSR UEPSB PE1LS 0.03 12.30 11.80 6.03 5.44
AIN SELECTIVE CARRIER ROUTING
Regional Service Establishment SRC SRCEC 101,098.91 8,590.70
End Office Establishment SRC SRCEO 169.88 169.88 1.70 1.70
Query NRC, per query SRC 0.002749
AIN - BELLSOUTH AIN SMS ACCESS SERVICE
AIN SMS Access Service - Service Establishment, Per State,
Initial Setup A1N CAMSE 39.44 39.44 40.69 40.69
AIN SMS Access Service - Port Connection - Dial/Shared Access A1N CAMDP 7.83 7.83 9.09 9.09
AIN SMS Access Service - Port Connection - ISDN Access A1N CAM1P 7.83 7.83 9.09 9.09
AIN SMS Access Service - User Identification Codes - Per User
ID Code A1N CAMAU 35.00 35.00 27.06 27.06
AIN SMS Access Service - Security Card, Per User ID Code,
Initial or Replacement A1N CAMRC 41.88 41.88 11.71 11.71
AIN SMS Access Service - Storage, Per Unit (100 Kilobytes) 0.002188
AIN SMS Access Service - Session, Per Minute 0.59
AIN SMS Access Service - Company Performed Session, Per
Minute 0.73
AIN - BELLSOUTH AIN TOOLKIT SERVICE
AIN Toolkit Service - Service Establishment Charge, Per State,
Initial Setup CAM BAPSC 39.44 39.44 40.69 40.69
AIN Toolkit Service - Training Session, Per Customer BAPVX 4,202.17 4,202.17
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, Term. Attempt BAPTT 7.83 7.83 9.09 9.09
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, Off-Hook Delay BAPTD 7.83 7.83 9.09 9.09
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, Off-Hook Immediate BAPTM 7.83 7.83 9.09 9.09
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, 10-Digit PODP BAPTO 34.47 34.47 14.36 14.36
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, CDP BAPTC 34.47 34.47 14.36 14.36
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, Feature Code BAPTF 34.47 34.47 14.36 14.36
AIN Toolkit Service - Query Charge, Per Query 0.05
AIN Toolkit Service - Type 1 Node Charge, Per AIN Toolkit
Subscription, Per Node, Per Query 0.00582
AIN Toolkit Service - SCP Storage Charge, Per SMS Access
Account, Per 100 Kilobytes 0.05
AIN Toolkit Service - Monthly report - Per AIN Toolkit Service
Subscription CAM BAPMS 10.17 7.83 7.83 5.50 5.50
AIN Toolkit Service - Special Study - Per AIN Toolkit Service
Subscription CAM BAPLS 2.87 8.66 8.66
AIN Toolkit Service - Call Event Report - Per AIN Toolkit Service
Subscription CAM BAPDS 7.39 7.83 7.83 5.50 5.50
AIN Toolkit Service - Call Event Special Study - Per AIN Toolkit
Service Subscription CAM BAPES 0.10 8.66 8.66
ENHANCED EXTENDED LINK (EELs)
NOTE: The monthly recurring and non-recurring charges below will apply and the Switch-As-Is Charge will not apply for UNE combinations provisioned as ' Ordinarily Combined' Network Elements.
NOTE: The monthly recurring and the Switch-As-Is Charge and not the non-recurring charges below will apply for UNE combinations provisioned as ' Currently Combined' Network Elements.
EXTENTED 2-WIRE VOICE GRADE EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 2-Wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
First 2-Wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
First 2-Wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 9 of 348
CCCS 133 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Facility
Termination per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
1/0 Channelization System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
Voice Grade COCI - Per Month UNCVX 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop (SL 2) in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop (SL 2) in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop (SL 2) in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Voice Grade COCI - Per Month UNCVX 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE VOICE GRADE EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 25.34 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 38.58 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 60.02 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 - Facility Termination Per
Month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
Voice Grade COCI in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 25.34 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 38.58 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 60.02 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
Additional Voice Grade COCI in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 56 KBPS EXTENDED DIGITAL LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 - combination Facility
Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
OCU-DP COCI (data) per month (2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional OCU-DP COCI (data) - in combination per month (2.4-
64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 64 KBPS EXTENDED DIGITAL LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 10 of 348
CCCS 134 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Facility
Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
OCU-DP COCI (data) - in combination - per month (2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional OCU-DP COCI (data) - in combination - per month
(2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 82.55 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 154.18 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 314.52 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Facility
Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS3 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First DS1Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 82.55 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
First DS1Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 154.18 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
First DS1Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 314.52 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS3 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC3X 1L5XX 4.09
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS3 - Facility Termination per
month UNC3X U1TF3 703.52 278.75 162.76 60.20 58.46
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Additional DS1Loop in DS3 Interoffice Transport Combination -
Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 82.55 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Additional DS1Loop in DS3 Interoffice Transport Combination -
Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 154.18 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Additional DS1Loop in DS3 Interoffice Transport Combination -
Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 314.52 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Additoinal DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC3X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 2-WIRE VOICE GRADE EXTENDED LOOP/ 2 WIRE VOICE GRADE INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
2-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Interoffice Transport - 2-wire VG - Dedicated- Per Mile Per
Month UNCVX 1L5XX 0.008838
Interoffice Transport - 2-wire VG - Dedicated - Facility
Termination per month UNCVX U1TV2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 11 of 348
CCCS 135 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCVX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE VOICE GRADE EXTENDED LOOP/ 4 WIRE VOICE GRADE INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
4-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 25.34 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
4-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 38.58 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
4-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 60.02 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
Interoffice Transport - 4-wire VG - Dedicated - Per Mile Per
Month UNCVX 1L5XX 0.008838
Interoffice Transport - 4-wire VG - Dedicated - Facility
Termination per month UNCVX U1TV4 18.73 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCVX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED DS3 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS3 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
DS3 Local Loop in combination - per mile per month UNC3X 1L5ND 8.38
DS3 Local Loop in combination - Facility Termination per month UNC3X UE3PX 308.98 451.52 263.94 119.49 83.58
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS3 - Per Mile per month UNC3X 1L5XX 4.09
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS3 combination - Facility
Termination per per month UNC3X U1TF3 703.52 278.75 162.76 60.20 58.46
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC3X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED STS-1 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED STS-1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
STS-1 Local Lolp in combination - per mile per month UNCSX 1L5ND 8.38
STS-1 Local Loop in combination - Facility Termination per
month UNCSX UDLS1 319.83 451.52 263.94 119.49 83.58
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - STS-1 combination - per mile
per month UNCSX 1L5XX 4.09
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - STS-1 combination - Facility
Termination per month UNCSX U1TFS 701.37 278.75 162.76 60.20 58.46
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCSX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 2-WIRE ISDN EXTENDED LOOP WITH DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCNX U1L2X 21.88 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCNX U1L2X 32.85 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCNX U1L2X 48.55 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - per mile
per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Facility
Termination per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
1/0 Channel System in combination - per month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) - in combination - per month UNCNX UC1CA 2.41 6.58 4.72
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCNX U1L2X 21.88 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCNX U1L2X 32.85 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCNX U1L2X 48.55 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
Additional 2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) - in combination- per
month UNCNX UC1CA 2.41 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED STS-1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First DS1 Loop Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 82.55 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
First DS1 Loop Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 154.18 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
First DS1 Loop Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 314.52 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - STS-1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNCSX 1L5XX 4.09
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - STS-1 combination - Facility
Termination per month UNCSX U1TFS 701.37 278.75 162.76 60.20 58.46
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 12 of 348
CCCS 136 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNCSX MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Additional DS1Loop in the same STS-1 Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 82.55 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Additional DS1Loop in the same STS-1 Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 154.18 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Additional DS1Loop in the same STS-1 Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 314.52 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCSX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 56 KBPS DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH 56 KBPS INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 4-wire 56 kbps combination -
Per Mile per month UNCDX 1L5XX 0.008838
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 4-wire 56 kbps combination -
Facility Termination per month UNCDX U1TD5 15.12 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCDX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 64 KBPS DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH 64 KBPS INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
4-wire 64 kbps Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4-wire 64 kbps Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
4-wire 64 kbps Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 4-wire 64 kbps combination -
Per Mile per month UNCDX 1L5XX 0.008838
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 4-wire 64 kbps combination -
Facility Termination per month UNCDX U1TD6 15.12 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCDX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 2-wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
First 2-wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
First 2-wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination -
Facility Termination per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Per each DS1 Channelization System Per Month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
Per each Voice Grade COCI - Per Month per month UNCVX 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop(SL 2) in the same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop(SL2) in the same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop(SL2) in the same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Each Additional Voice Grade COCI - in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Each Additional DS1 COCI combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 13 of 348
CCCS 137 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 25.34 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 38.58 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 60.02 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 - Facility
Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Per each 1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
Per each Voice Grade COCI in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 25.34 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 38.58 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 60.02 131.97 94.51 59.14 14.50
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Additional Voice Grade COCI - in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 56 KBPS DIGITAL LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 - combination
Facility Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Per each 1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
Per each OCU-DP COCI (data) COCI per month (2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
OCU-DP COCI (data) COCI in combination per month (2.4-
64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Each Additional DS1 COCI in the same 3/1 channel system
combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 64 KBPS DIGITAL LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 14 of 348
CCCS 138 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in a DS1 Interoffice
Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in a DS1 Interoffice
Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in a DS1 Interoffice
Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination -
Facility Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Per each Channel System 1/0 in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
Per each OCU-DP COCI (data) in combination - per month (2.4-
64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
Additional OCU-DP COCI (data) - DS1 to DS0 Channel System
combination - per month (2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Each Additional DS1 COCI in the same 3/1 channel system
combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 2-WIRE ISDN LOOP WITH DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in a DS1 Interoffice Combination
Transport - Zone 1 1 UNCNX U1L2X 21.88 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in a DS1 Interoffice Combination
Transport - Zone 2 2 UNCNX U1L2X 32.85 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in a DS1 Interoffice Combination
Transport - Zone 3 3 UNCNX U1L2X 48.55 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination -
Facility Termination per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Per each Channel System 1/0 in combination - per month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
Per each 2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) in combination - per month UNCNX UC1CA 2.41 6.58 4.72
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCNX U1L2X 21.88 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCNX U1L2X 32.85 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCNX U1L2X 48.55 117.24 79.77 52.88 10.54
Additional 2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) in same 1/0 channel
system combination- per month UNCNX UC1CA 2.41 6.58 4.72
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 15 of 348
CCCS 139 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Each Additional DS1 COCI in the same 3/1 channel system
combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE DS1 LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 4-wire DS1 Digital Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 82.55 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
First 4-wire DS1 Digital Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 154.18 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
First 4-wire DS1 Digital Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 314.52 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination -
Facility Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
Per each DS1 COCI combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.18
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Each Additional DS1 COCI in the same 3/1 channel system
combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72
Additional 4-Wire DS1 Digital Local Loop in Combination - Zone
1 1 UNC1X USLXX 82.55 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Additional 4-Wire DS1 Digital Local Loop in Combination - Zone
2 2 UNC1X USLXX 154.18 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Additional 4-Wire DS1 Digital Local Loop in Combination - Zone
3 3 UNC1X USLXX 314.52 252.47 157.54 44.70 11.71
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 56 KBPS DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DS0 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-wiree 56 kbps Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - Per Mile
per month UNCDX 1L5XX 0.008838
First 4-wire 56 kbps Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - Facility
Termination per month UNCDX U1TD5 15.12 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCDX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 64 KBPS DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DS0 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 4-wire 64 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 26.09 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-wire 64 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 35.95 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First 4-wire 64 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 37.88 126.27 88.80 59.14 14.50
First I4-wire 65 kbps Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - Per Mile
per month UNCDX 1L5XX 0.008838
First 4-wire 64 kbps Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - Facility
Termination per month UNCDX U1TD6 15.12 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCDX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
ADDITIONAL NETWORK ELEMENTS
When used as a part of a currently combined facility, the non-recurrng charges do not apply, but a Switch As Is charge does apply.
When used as ordinarily combined network elements in All States, the non-recurring charges apply and the Switch As Is Charge does not.
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements "Switch As Is" Charge (One applies to each combination)
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - 2 wire/4-Wire VG UNCVX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - 56/64 kbps UNCDX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - DS1 UNC1X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 16 of 348
CCCS 140 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - DS3 UNC3X UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - STS1 UNCSX UNCCC 5.59 5.59 6.98 6.98
Optional Features & Functions:
U1TD1,
Clear Channel Capability Extended Frame Option - per DS1 I ULDD1,UNC1X CCOEF 0I 0I 0I 0I
U1TD1,
Clear Channel Capability Super FrameOption - per DS1 I ULDD1,UNC1X CCOSF 0I 0I 0I 0I
Clear Channel Capability (SF/ESF) Option - Subsequent ULDD1, U1TD1,
Activity - per DS1 I UNC1X, USL NRCCC 184.85S 23.81S 1.99S 0.7741S
U1TD3, ULDD3,
C-bit Parity Option - Subsequent Activity - per DS3 i UE3, UNC3X NRCC3 219.13S 7.67S 0.7355S 0S
MULTIPLEXERS
DS1 to DS0 Channel System per month UNC1X MQ1 101.06 91.04 62.57 10.54 9.79
OCU-DP COCI (data) - DS1 to DS0 Channel System - per
month (2.4-64kbs) used for a Local Loop UDL 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
OCU-DP COCI (data) - DS1 to DS0 Channel System - per
month (2.4-64kbs) used for connection to a channelized DS1
Local Channel in the same SWC as collocation U1TUD 1D1DD 1.12 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) - DS1 to DS0 Channel Systsem - per
month for a Local Loop UDN UC1CA 2.41 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) - DS1 to DS0 Channel Systsem - per
month used for connection to a channelized DS1 Local Channel
in the same SWC as collocation U1TUB UC1CA 2.41 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
Voice Grade COCI - DS1 to DS0 Channel System - per month
used for a Local Loop UEA 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
Voice Grade COCI - DS1 to DS0 Channel System - per month
used for connection to a channelized DS1 Local Channel in the
same SWC as collocation U1TUC 1D1VG 0.53 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
DS3 to DS1 Channel System per month UNC3X MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
STS-1 to DS1 Channel System per month UNCSX MQ3 166.13 178.14 93.97 33.26 31.83
DS1 COCI used with Loop per month USL UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
DS1 COCI (used for connection to a channelized DS1 Local
Channel in the same SWC as collocation) per month U1TUA UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
DS1 COCI used with Interoffice Channel per month U1TD1 UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
DS3 Interface Unit (DS1 COCI) used with Local Channel per
month ULDD1 UC1D1 12.70 6.58 4.72 0.00 0.00
UNBUNDLED LOCAL EXCHANGE SWITCHING(PORTS)
Exchange Ports
NOTE: Although the Port Rate includes all available features in GA, KY, LA & TN, the desired features will need to be ordered using retail USOCs
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LINE PORT RATES (RES)
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port- Res. UEPSR UEPRL 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port with Caller ID - Res. UEPSR UEPRC 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port outgoing only - Res. UEPSR UEPRO 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled AL extended local
dialing parity Port with Caller ID - Res. UEPSR UEPAR 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled res, low usage line port
with Caller ID (LUM) UEPSR UEPAP 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG Alabama Residence Dialing Plan
without Caller Id UEPSR UEPWA 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
2-Wire voice unbundled Low Usage Line Port without Caller ID
Capability UEPSR UEPRT 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Subsequent Activity UEPSR USASC 0.00 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Available Vertical Features UEPSR UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LINE PORT RATES (BUS)
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 17 of 348
CCCS 141 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port without Caller ID -
Bus UEPSB UEPBL 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled Line Port with
unbundled port with Caller+E484 ID - Bus. UEPSB UEPBC 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port outgoing only - Bus. UEPSB UEPBO 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled AL extended local
dialing parity Port with Caller ID - Bus. UEPSB UEPAW 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exhange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled incoming only port with
Caller ID - Bus UEPSB UEPB1 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Voice Alabama Business Dialing Plan
without Caller ID UEPSB UEPWB 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
2-Wire voice unbundled Incoming Only Port without Caller ID
Capability UEPSB UEPBE 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Subsequent Activity UEPSB USASC 0.00 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Available Vertical Features UEPSB UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
EXCHANGE PORT RATES (DID & PBX)
2-Wire VG Unbundled 2-Way PBX Trunk - Res UEPSE UEPRD 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire VG Line Side Unbundled 2-Way PBX Trunk - Bus UEPSP UEPPC 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire VG Line Side Unbundled Outward PBX Trunk - Bus UEPSP UEPPO 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire VG Line Side Unbundled Incoming PBX Trunk - Bus UEPSP UEPP1 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Analog Long Distance Terminal PBX Trunk - Bus UEPSP UEPLD 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Alabama Calling Port UEPSP UEPA2 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Ports UEPSP UEPLD 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Vice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Usage Port UEPSP UEPXA 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX Toll Terminal Hotel Ports UEPSP UEPXB 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD DDD Terminals Port UEPSP UEPXC 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard Port UEPSP UEPXD 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard IDD
Capable Port UEPSP UEPXE 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Administrative Calling Port UEPSP UEPXL 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Room Calling Port UEPSP UEPXM 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Hotel/Hospital
Discount Room Calling Port UEPSP UEPXO 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Measured Port UEPSP UEPXS 1.38 31.27 14.85 13.94 0.90
Subsequent Activity UEPSP USASC 0.00 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Available Vertical Features UEPSP UEPSE UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
EXCHANGE PORT RATES (COIN)
Exchange Ports - Coin Port 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
NOTE: Transmission/usage charges associated with POTS circuit switched usage will also apply to circuit switched voice and/or circuit switched data transmission by B-Channels associated with 2-wire ISDN ports.
NOTE: Access to B Channel or D Channel Packet capabilities will be available only through BFR/New Business Request Process. Rates for the packet capabilities will be determined via the Bona Fide Request/New Business Request Process.
UNBUNDLED LOCAL EXCHANGE SWITCHING(PORTS)
EXCHANGE PORT RATES
The DS1 Port rates below for 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port and 4-Wire ISDN Port in this rate exhibit apply to the embedded base in place as of 10/2/03 until 4/1/04. After 4/1/04 these rates shall revert to tariff rates or a separate agreement.
Requests for 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Ports with 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Ports after the effective date of this amendment shall be provided pursuant to a separate agreement or tariff at BellSouth's discretion.
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire DID Port UEPEX UEPP2 8.05 119.31 18.74 59.90 3.76
Exchange Ports - DDITS Port - 4-Wire DS1 Port with DID
capability (E:4/1/2004) UEPDD UEPDD 60.09 202.02 95.69 72.59 2.46
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire ISDN Port (See Notes below.) UEPTX, UEPSX U1PMA 9.79 72.77 52.99 47.79 10.74
All Features Offered UEPTX, UEPSX UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire ISDN Port -- Channel Profiles UEPTX, UEPSX U1UMA 0.00 0.00 0.00
NOTE: Transmission/usage charges associated with POTS circuit switched usage will also apply to circuit switched voice and/or circuit switched data transmission by B-Channels associated with 2-wire ISDN ports.
NOTE: Access to B Channel or D Channel Packet capabilities will be available only through BFR/New Business Request Process. Rates for the packet capabilities will be determined via the Bona Fide Request/New Business Request Process.
EXCHANGE PORT RATES (continued)
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 18 of 348
CCCS 142 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Exchange Ports - 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port with Detailed E911
Locator Capability (E:4/1/2004) UEPEX UEPEX 84.32 203.81 101.56 79.18 20.06
Exchange Ports - 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port (E:4/1/2004) UEPDX UEPDX 84.32 203.81 101.56 79.18 20.06
Physical Collocation - DS1 Cross-Connects UEPEX UEPDX PE1P1 1.11 22.03 15.93 6.40 5.79
Virtual collocation - Special Access & UNE, cross-connect per
DS1 UEPEX UEPDX CNC1X 1.11 22.03 15.93 6.40 5.79
Detailed E911 with Locator Capability (required with UEPEX port)
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - E911
Locator Capability - Initial Profile Establishment per CLEC per
State UEPEX UEP1A 0.00 1,804.00 156.08
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - E911
Locator Capability - Subsequent Profile Changes, Additions,
Deletions UEPEX UEP1B 0.00 175.14
New or Additional PRI Telephone Numbers
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - E911
Locator Capability 2-way Telephone Numbers, per number in
E911 profile [New or Additional] UEPEX UEP1C 0.0697 0.49
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - E911
Locator Capability - Outdial Telephone Numbers, per number in
E911 profile [New or Additional] UEPEX UEP1D 0.0697 11.51
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - Inward
Telephone Numbers - Inward Data Only Option [New or
Additional] UEPDX UEP1E 0.00 0.049
Exchange Ports - 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - Subsequent [New]
Inward Tel Numbers [Customer Testing Purposes] UEPEX PR7ZT 0.00 23.02
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPEX UEPDX LNPCN 1.75
INTERFACE (Provsioning Only)
Voice/Data UEPEX PR71V 0.00 0.00 0.00
Digital Data UEPEX PR71D 0.00 0.00 0.00
Inward Data UEPDX PR71E 0.00 0.00 0.00
New or Additional Channel
New or Additional - Voice/Data "B" Channel UEPEX PR7BV 0.00 14.53
New or Additional - Digital Data "B" Channel UEPEX PR7BF 0.00 14.53
New or Additional Inward Data "B" Channel UEPDX PR7BD 0.00 14.53
New or Additional Useage Sensitive Voice Data "B" Channel UEPEX PR7BS 0.00 14.53
New or Additional Useage Sensitive Digital Data "B" Channel UEPEX PR7BU 0.00 14.53
New or Additional PRI "D" Channel UEPEX PR7EX 0.00 14.53
CALL TYPES
Inward UEPEX UEPDX PR7C1 0.00 0.00 0.00
Outward UEPEX PR7CO 0.00 0.00 0.00
Two-way UEPEX PR7CC 0.00 0.00 0.00
UNBUNDLED PORT with REMOTE CALL FORWARDING CAPABILITY
UNBUNDLED REMOTE CALL FORWARDING SERVICE - RESIDENCE
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, Area Calling, Res UEPVR UERAC 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, Local Calling - Res UEPVR UERLC 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, InterLATA - Res UEPVR UERTE 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, IntraLATA - Res UEPVR UERTR 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Non-Recurring
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPVR USAC2 0.10 0.10
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service - Conversion with
allowed change (PIC and LPIC) UEPVR USACC 0.10 0.10
UNBUNDLED REMOTE CALL FORWARDING - Bus
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, Area Calling - Bus UEPVB UERAC 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, Local Calling - Bus UEPVB UERLC 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 19 of 348
CCCS 143 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, InterLATA - Bus UEPVB UERTE 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, IntraLATA - Bus UEPVB UERTR 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service Expanded and
Exception Local Calling UEPVB UERVJ 1.38 2.38 2.27 1.42 1.33
Non-Recurring
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPVB USAC2 0.10 0.10
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service - Conversion with
allowed change (PIC and LPIC) UEPVB USACC 0.10 0.10
UNBUNDLED LOCAL SWITCHING, PORT USAGE
End Office Switching (Port Usage)
End Office Switching Function, Per MOU 0.0007025
End Office Trunk Port - Shared, Per MOU 0.0001638
Tandem Switching (Port Usage) (Local or Access Tandem)
Tandem Switching Function Per MOU 0.000095
Tandem Trunk Port - Shared, Per MOU 0.0002015
Tandem Switching Function Per MOU (Melded) 0.000040993
Tandem Trunk Port - Shared, Per MOU (Melded) 0.000086947
Melded Factor: 43.15% of the Tandem Rate
Common Transport
Common Transport - Per Mile, Per MOU 0.0000023
Common Transport - Facilities Termination Per MOU 0.0003224
UNBUNDLED PORT/LOOP COMBINATIONS - COST BASED RATES
Cost Based Rates are applied where BellSouth is required by FCC and/or State Commission rule to provide Unbundled Local Switching or Switch Ports.
Features shall apply to the Unbundled Port/Loop Combination - Cost Based Rate section in the same manner as they are applied to the Stand-Alone Unbundled Port section of this Rate Exhibit.
End Office and Tandem Switching Usage and Common Transport Usage rates in the Port section of this rate exhibit shall apply to all combinations of loop/port network elements except for UNE Coin Port/Loop Combinations.
The first and additional Port nonrecurring charges apply to Not Currently Combined Combos. For Currently Combined Combos the nonrecurring charges shall be those identified in the Nonrecurring - Currently Combined sections.
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE LINE PORT (RES)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 12.70
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 21.19
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 34.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 1 1 UEPRX UEPLX 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 2 2 UEPRX UEPLX 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 3 3 UEPRX UEPLX 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (Res)
2-Wire voice unbundled port - residence UEPRX UEPRL 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice unbundled port with Caller ID - res UEPRX UEPRC 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice unbundled port outgoing only - res UEPRX UEPRO 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice Grade unbundled Alabama extended local dialing
parity port with Caller ID - res UEPRX UEPAR 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice unbundles res, low usage line port with Caller ID
(LUM) UEPRX UEPAP 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Unbundled Alabama Residence Dialing Plan
without Caller ID UEPRX UEPWA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice unbundled Low Usage Line Port without Caller ID
Capability UEPRX UEPRT 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPRX UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPRX LNPCX 0.35
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPRX USAC2 0.10 0.10
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch with change UEPRX USACC 0.10 0.10
ADDITIONAL NRCs
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 20 of 348
CCCS 144 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/Line Port Combination - Subsequent
Activity UEPRX USAS2 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPRX URETL 8.33 0.83
OFF/ON PREMISES EXTENSION CHANNELS
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 1 UEPRX UEAEN 12.58 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 2 UEPRX UEAEN 21.05 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 3 UEPRX UEAEN 34.34 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 1 UEPRX UEAED 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 2 UEPRX UEAED 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 3 UEPRX UEAED 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPRX U1TV2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPRX U1TVM 0.008838 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE LINE PORT (BUS)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 12.70
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 21.19
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 34.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 1 1 UEPBX UEPLX 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 2 2 UEPBX UEPLX 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 3 3 UEPBX UEPLX 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port (Bus)
2-Wire voice unbundled port without Caller ID - bus UEPBX UEPBL 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice unbundled port with Caller + E484 ID - bus UEPBX UEPBC 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice unbundled port outgoing only - bus UEPBX UEPBO 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice Grade unbundled Alabama extended local dialing
parity port with Caller ID - bus UEPBX UEPAW 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice unbundled incoming only port with Caller ID - Bus UEPBX UEPB1 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Unbundled Alabama Business Dialing Plan without
Caller ID UEPBX UEPWB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire voice unbundled Incoming Only Port without Caller ID
Capability UEPBX UEPBE 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPBX LNPCX 0.35
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPBX UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPBX USAC2 0.10 0.10
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch with change UEPBX USACC 0.10 0.10
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/Line Port Combination - Subsequent
Activity UEPBX USAS2 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPBX URETL 8.33 0.83
OFF/ON PREMISES EXTENSION CHANNELS
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 1 UEPBX UEAEN 12.58 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 2 UEPBX UEAEN 21.05 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 3 UEPBX UEAEN 34.34 37.81 17.56 23.49 5.30
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 1 UEPBX UEAED 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 2 UEPBX UEAED 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 3 UEPBX UEAED 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 21 of 348
CCCS 145 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPBX U1TV2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPBX U1TVM 0.008838 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE LINE PORT (RES - PBX)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 12.70
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 21.19
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 34.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEPRG UEPLX 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEPRG UEPLX 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEPRG UEPLX 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (RES - PBX)
2-Wire VG Unbundled Combination 2-Way PBX Trunk Port -
Res UEPRG UEPRD 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPRG LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPRG UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Conversion - Switch-As-Is UEPRG USAC2 7.91 1.90
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Conversion - Switch with Change UEPRG USACC 7.81 1.90
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Subsequent Activity UEPRG USAS2 0.00 0.00 0.00
PBX Subsequent Activity - Change/Rearrange Multiline Hunt
Group 7.32 7.32
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPRG URETL 8.33 0.83
OFF/ON PREMISES EXTENSION CHANNELS
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 1 UEPRG P2JHX 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 2 UEPRG P2JHX 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 3 UEPRG P2JHX 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 1 UEPRG SDD2X 22.41 131.60 61.92 90.50 13.40
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 2 UEPRG SDD2X 23.88 131.60 61.92 90.50 13.40
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 3 UEPRG SDD2X 33.72 131.60 61.92 90.50 13.40
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPRG U1TV2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPRG U1TVM 0.008838 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE LINE PORT (BUS - PBX)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 12.70
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 21.19
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 34.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEPPX UEPLX 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEPPX UEPLX 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEPPX UEPLX 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (BUS - PBX)
Line Side Unbundled Combination 2-Way PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPPX UEPPC 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
Line Side Unbundled Outward PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPPX UEPPO 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
Line Side Unbundled Incoming PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPPX UEPP1 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 22 of 348
CCCS 146 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way Combination PBX Alabama
Calling Port UEPPX UEPA2 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Ports UEPPX UEPLD 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way Combination PBX Usage Port UEPPX UEPXA 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX Toll Terminal Hotel Ports UEPPX UEPXB 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD DDD Terminals Port UEPPX UEPXC 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard Port UEPPX UEPXD 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard IDD
Capable Port UEPPX UEPXE 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Administrative Calling Port UEPPX UEPXL 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Room Calling Port UEPPX UEPXM 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Hotel/Hospital
Discount Room Calling Port UEPPX UEPXO 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Measured Port UEPPX UEPXS 1.15 69.08 32.41 37.43 6.20
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPPX LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPPX UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Conversion - Switch-As-Is UEPPX USAC2 7.91 1.90
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Conversion - Switch with Change UEPPX USACC 7.91 1.90
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Subsequent Activity UEPPX USAS2 0.00 0.00 0.00
PBX Subsequent Activity - Change/Rearrange Multiline Hunt
Group 7.32 7.32
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPPX URETL 8.33 0.83
OFF/ON PREMISES EXTENSION CHANNELS
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 1 UEPPX P2JHX 14.38 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 2 UEPPX P2JHX 22.85 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 3 UEPPX P2JHX 36.14 88.00 55.00 47.24 7.44
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 1 UEPPX SDD2X 22.41 131.60 61.92 90.50 13.40
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 2 UEPPX SDD2X 23.88 131.60 61.92 90.50 13.40
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 3 UEPPX SDD2X 33.72 131.60 61.92 90.50 13.40
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPPX U1TV2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPPX U1TVM 0.008838 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE ANALOG LINE COIN PORT
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Coin Port/Loop Combo – Zone 1 1 12.70
2-Wire VG Coin Port/Loop Combo – Zone 2 2 21.19
2-Wire VG Coin Port/Loop Combo – Zone 3 3 34.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 1 1 UEPCO UEPLX 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 2 2 UEPCO UEPLX 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 3 3 UEPCO UEPLX 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Ports (COIN)
2-Wire Coin 2-Way without Operator Screening and without
Blocking (AL, KY, LA, MS) UEPCO UEPRF 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Coin 2-Way with Operator Screening (AL, KY) UEPCO UEPRE 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Coin 2-Way with Operator Screening and Blocking: 011,
900/976, 1+DDD (AL, KY, LA, MS) UEPCO UEPRA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 23 of 348
CCCS 147 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Coin 2-Way with Operator Screening and 011 Blocking
(AL, LA, MS) UEPCO UEPRB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Coin 2-Way with Operator Screening & Blocking:
900/976, 1+DDD, 011+, & Local (AL, KY, LA, MS) UEPCO UEPCD 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Coin Outward with Operator Screening and 011 Blocking
(AL, FL) UEPCO UEPRK 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Coin Outward with Operator Screening and Blocking:
011, 900/976, 1+DDD (AL, KY, LA, MS) UEPCO UEPRH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Coin Outward Operator Screening & Blocking: 900/976,
1+DDD, 011+, and Local (AL, KY, LA, MS) UEPCO UEPCN 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire 2-Way Smartline with 900/976 (all states except LA) UEPCO UEPCK 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Coin Outward Smartline with 900/976 (all states except
LA) UEPCO UEPCR 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
ADDITIONAL UNE COIN PORT/LOOP (RC)
UNE Coin Port/Loop Combo Usage (Flat Rate) UEPCO URECU 1.56 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPCO LNPCX 0.35
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPCO USAC2 0.10 0.10
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch with change UEPCO USACC 0.10 0.10
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/Line Port Combination - Subsequent
Activity UEPCO USAS2 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPCO URETL 8.33 0.83
2-WIRE VOICE LOOP/ 2WIRE VOICE GRADE IO TRANSPORT/ 2-WIRE LINE PORT (RES)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 15.76
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 24.23
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 37.52
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 1 1 UEPFR UECF2 14.38
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 2 2 UEPFR UECF2 22.85
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 3 3 UEPFR UECF2 36.14
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (Res)
2-Wire voice unbundled port - residence UEPFR UEPRL 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire voice unbundled port with Caller ID - res UEPFR UEPRC 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire voice unbundled port outgoing only - res UEPFR UEPRO 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire voice Grade unbundled Alabama extended local dialing
parity port with Caller ID - res UEPFR UEPAR 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire voice unbundles res, low usage line port with Caller ID
(LUM) UEPFR UEPAP 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Unbundled Alabama Residence Dialing Plan
without Caller ID UEPFR UEPWA 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPFR U1TV2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPFR 1L5XX 0.008838
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPFR UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPFR LNPCX 0.35
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch-as-is UEPFR USAC2 8.48 1.87
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 24 of 348
CCCS 148 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch-With-Change UEPFR USACC 8.48 1.87
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPFR URETN 11.21 1.10
2-WIRE VOICE LOOP/ 2WIRE VOICE GRADE IO TRANSPORT/ 2-WIRE LINE PORT (BUS)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 15.76
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 24.23
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 37.52
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 1 1 UEPFB UECF2 14.38
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 2 2 UEPFB UECF2 22.85
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 3 3 UEPFB UECF2 36.14
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port (Bus)
2-Wire voice unbundled port without Caller ID - bus UEPFB UEPBL 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire voice unbundled port with Caller + E484 ID - bus UEPFB UEPBC 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire voice unbundled port outgoing only - bus UEPFB UEPBO 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire voice Grade unbundled Alabama extended local dialing
parity port with Caller ID - bus UEPFB UEPAW 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire voice unbundled incoming only port with Caller ID - Bus UEPFB UEPB1 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Unbundled Alabama Business Dialing Plan without
Caller ID UEPFB UEPWB 1.38 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPFB LNPCX 0.35
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPFB U1TV2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPFB 1L5XX 0.008838
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPFB UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch-as-is UEPFB USAC2 8.48 1.87
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch with change UEPFB USACC 8.48 1.87
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPFB URETN 11.21 1.10
2-WIRE VOICE LOOP/ 2WIRE VOICE GRADE IO TRANSPORT/ 2-WIRE LINE PORT (PBX)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 15.76
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 24.23
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 37.52
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 1 1 UEPFP UECF2 14.38
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 2 2 UEPFP UECF2 22.85
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 3 3 UEPFP UECF2 36.14
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (BUS - PBX)
Line Side Unbundled Combination 2-Way PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPFP UEPPC 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
Line Side Unbundled Outward PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPFP UEPPO 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
Line Side Unbundled Incoming PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPFP UEPP1 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way Combination PBX Alabama
Calling Port UEPFP UEPA2 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Ports UEPFP UEPLD 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way Combination PBX Usage Port UEPFP UEPXA 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX Toll Terminal Hotel Ports UEPFP UEPXB 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD DDD Terminals Port UEPFP UEPXC 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard Port UEPFP UEPXD 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 25 of 348
CCCS 149 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard IDD
Capable Port UEPFP UEPXE 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Administrative Calling Port UEPFP UEPXL 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Room Calling Port UEPFP UEPXM 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Hotel/Hospital
Discount Room Calling Port UEPFP UEPXO 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Measured Port UEPFP UEPXS 1.38 119.27 69.85 61.18 8.34
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPFP LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPFP U1TV2 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPFP 1L5XX 0.008838
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPFP UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch-as-is UEPFP USAC2 8.48 1.87
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch with change UEPFP USACC 8.48 1.87
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPFP URETN 11.21 1.10
UNBUNDLED PORT/LOOP COMBINATIONS - COST BASED RATES
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP- BUS ONLY - WITH 2-WIRE DID TRUNK PORT
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire DID Trunk Port Combo - UNE Zone 1 1 22.40
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire DID Trunk Port Combo - UNE Zone 2 2 30.88
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire DID Trunk Port Combo - UNE Zone 3 3 44.17
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - (SL2) - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPPX UECD1 14.38
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - (SL2) - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPPX UECD1 22.85
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - (SL2) - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPPX UECD1 36.14
UNE Port Rate
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire DID Port UEPPX UEPD1 8.02 207.31 73.74 107.14 11.20
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / 2-Wire DID Trunk Port Combination -
Switch-as-is UEPPX USAC1 7.31 1.87
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / 2-Wire DID Trunk Port Conversion
with BellSouth Allowable Changes UEPPX USA1C 7.31 1.87
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire DID Subsequent Activity - Add Trunks, Per Trunk UEPPX USAS1 26.78 26.78
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPPX URETN 11.21 1.10
Telephone Number/Trunk Group Establisment Charges
DID Trunk Termination (One Per Port) UEPPX NDT 0.00 0.00 0.00
Additional DID Numbers for each Group of 20 DID Numbers UEPPX ND4 0.00 0.00 0.00
DID Numbers, Non- consecutive DID Numbers , Per Number UEPPX ND5 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve Non-Consecutive DID numbers UEPPX ND6 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve DID Numbers UEPPX NDV 0.00 0.00 0.00
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPPX LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE ISDN DIGITAL GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE ISDN DIGITAL LINE SIDE PORT
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2W ISDN Digital Grade Loop/2W ISDN Digital Line Side Port -
UNE Zone 1 1 UEPPB UEPPR 27.28
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 26 of 348
CCCS 150 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2W ISDN Digital Grade Loop/2W ISDN Digital Line Side Port -
UNE Zone 2 2 UEPPB UEPPR 37.86
2W ISDN Digital Grade Loop/2W ISDN Digital Line Side Port -
UNE Zone 3 3 UEPPB UEPPR 53.84
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPPB UEPPR USL2X 19.03
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPPB UEPPR USL2X 29.62
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPPB UEPPR USL2X 45.60
UNE Port Rate
Exchange Port - 2-Wire ISDN Line Side Port UEPPB UEPPR UEPPB 8.24 190.01 132.76 100.67 21.28
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop / 2-Wire ISDN Line Side Port
Combination - Conversion UEPPB UEPPR USACB 0.00 38.51 27.02
ADDITIONAL NRCs
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPPB UEPPR URETN 11.21 1.10
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPPB UEPPR URETL 8.33 0.83
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPPB UEPPR LNPCX 0.35 0.00 0.00
B-CHANNEL USER PROFILE ACCESS:
CVS/CSD (DMS/5ESS) UEPPB UEPPR U1UCA 0.00 0.00 0.00
CVS (EWSD) UEPPB UEPPR U1UCB 0.00 0.00 0.00
CSD UEPPB UEPPR U1UCC 0.00 0.00 0.00
B-CHANNEL AREA PLUS USER PROFILE ACCESS: (AL,KY,LA,MS SC,MS, & TN)
CVS/CSD (DMS/5ESS) UEPPB UEPPR U1UCD 0.00 0.00 0.00
CVS (EWSD) UEPPB UEPPR U1UCE 0.00 0.00 0.00
CSD UEPPB UEPPR U1UCF 0.00 0.00 0.00
USER TERMINAL PROFILE
User Terminal Profile (EWSD only) UEPPB UEPPR U1UMA 0.00 0.00 0.00
VERTICAL FEATURES
All Vertical Features - One per Channel B User Profile UEPPB UEPPR UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
INTEROFFICE CHANNEL MILEAGE
Interoffice Channel mileage each, including first mile and
facilities termination UEPPB UEPPR M1GNC 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel mileage each, additional mile UEPPB UEPPR M1GNM 0.008838 0.00 0.00
4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL LOOP WITH 4-WIRE ISDN DS1 DIGITAL TRUNK PORT
The UNE-P DS1 combination rates below for 4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop with 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port in this rate exhibit apply to the embedded base in place as of 10/2/03 until 4/1/04. After 4/1/04 these rates shall revert to tariff rates or a separate
agreement.
Requests for 4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop with 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port after the effective date of this amendment shall be provided pursuant to a separate agreement or tariff at BellSouth's discretion.
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port - UNE
Zone 1 1 UEPPP 166.87
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port - UNE
Zone 2 2 UEPPP 238.50
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port - UNE
Zone 3 3 UEPPP 398.85
UNE Loop Rates
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPPP USL4P 82.55
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPPP USL4P 154.18
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPPP USL4P 314.52
UNE Port Rate
Exchange Ports - 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port (E:4/1/2004) UEPPP UEPPP 84.32 456.28 259.10 123.88 31.77
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop / 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port
Combination - Conversion -Switch-as-is (E:4/1/2004) UEPPP USACP 0.00 119.07 78.56
ADDITIONAL NRCs
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 27 of 348
CCCS 151 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
4-Wire DS1 Loop/4-W ISDN Digtl Trk Port - Subsqt Actvy-
Inward/two way Tel Nos. (except NC) UEPPP PR7TF 0.49
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port -
Outward Tel Numbers (All States except NC) UEPPP PR7TO 11.51
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Digital Trk Port -
Subsequent Inward Tel Numbers UEPPP PR7ZT 23.02
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPPP LNPCN 1.75
INTERFACE (Provsioning Only)
Voice/Data UEPPP PR71V 0.00 0.00 0.00
Digital Data UEPPP PR71D 0.00 0.00 0.00
Inward Data UEPPP PR71E 0.00 0.00 0.00
New or Additional "B" Channel
New or Additional - Voice/Data B Channel UEPPP PR7BV 0.00 14.53
New or Additional - Digital Data B Channel UEPPP PR7BF 0.00 14.53
New or Additional Inward Data B Channel UEPPP PR7BD 0.00 14.53
CALL TYPES
Inward UEPPP PR7C1 0.00 0.00 0.00
Outward UEPPP PR7CO 0.00 0.00 0.00
Two-way UEPPP PR7CC 0.00 0.00 0.00
Interoffice Channel Mileage
Fixed Each Including First Mile UEPPP 1LN1A 60.34 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Each Airline-Fractional Additional Mile UEPPP 1LN1B 0.18
4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL LOOP WITH 4-WIRE DDITS TRUNK PORT
The UNE-P DS1 combination rates below for 4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop with 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port in this rate exhibit apply to the embedded base in place as of 10/2/03 until 4/1/04. After 4/1/04 these rates shall revert to tariff rates or a separate agreement.
Requests for 4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop with 4-Wire DDITS after the effective date of this amendment shall be provided pursuant to a separate agreement or tariff at BellSouth's discretion.
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W DDITS Trunk Port - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPDC 142.64
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W DDITS Trunk Port - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPDC 214.26
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W DDITS Trunk Port - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPDC 374.61
UNE Loop Rates
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPDC USLDC 82.55
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPDC USLDC 154.18
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPDC USLDC 314.52
UNE Port Rate
4-Wire DDITS Digital Trunk Port (E:4/1/2004) UEPDC UDD1T 60.09 454.49 253.23 117.29 14.17
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port Combination
- Switch-as-is (E:4/1/2004) UEPDC USAC4 129.49 67.02
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port Combination
- Conversion with DS1 Changes (E:4/1/2004) UEPDC USAWA 129.49 67.02
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port Combination
- Conversion with Change - Trunk (E:4/1/2004) UEPDC USAWB 129.49 67.02
ADDITIONAL NRCs
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - NRC -
Subsequent Channel Activation/Chan - 2-Way Trunk UEPDC UDTTA 14.48 14.48
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - Subsequent
Channel Activation/Chan - 1-Way Outward Trunk UEPDC UDTTB 14.48 14.48
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - Subsqnt Channel
Activation/Chan Inward Trunk w/out DID UEPDC UDTTC 14.48 14.48
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - Subsqnt Chan
Activation Per Chan - Inward Trunk with DID UEPDC UDTTD 14.48 14.48
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - Subsqnt Chan
Activation / Chan - 2-Way DID w User Trans UEPDC UDTTE 14.48 14.48
BIPOLAR 8 ZERO SUBSTITUTION
B8ZS -Superframe Format UEPDC CCOSF 0.00i 600.00s
B8ZS - Extended Superframe Format UEPDC CCOEF 0.00i 600.00s
Alternate Mark Inversion
AMI -Superframe Format UEPDC MCOSF 0.00 0.00
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 28 of 348
CCCS 152 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
AMI - Extended SuperFrame Format UEPDC MCOPO 0.00 0.00
Telephone Number/Trunk Group Establisment Charges
Telephone Number for 2-Way Trunk Group UEPDC UDTGX 0.00
Telephone Number for 1-Way Outward Trunk Group UEPDC UDTGY 0.00
Telephone Number for 1-Way Inward Trunk Group Without DID UEPDC UDTGZ 0.00
DID Numbers for each Group of 20 DID Numbers UEPDC ND4 0.00 0.00
DID Numbers, Non- consecutive DID Numbers , Per Number UEPDC ND5 0.00
Reserve Non-Consecutive DID Nos. UEPDC ND6 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve DID Numbers UEPDC NDV 0.00 0.00 0.00
Dedicated DS1 (Interoffice Channel Mileage) - FX/FCO for 4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop with 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Fixed rate 0-8 miles (Facilities
Termination) UEPDC 1LNO1 60.16 89.27 81.81 16.35 14.44
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Additional rate per mile - 0-8 miles UEPDC 1LNOA 0.18 0.00 0.00
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Fixed rate 9-25 miles (Facilities
Termination) UEPDC 1LNO2 0.00 0.00 0.00
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Additional rate per mile - 9-25
miles UEPDC 1LNOB 0.18 0.00 0.00
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Fixed rate 25+ miles (Facilities
Termination) UEPDC 1LNO3 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Additional rate per mile - 25+ miles UEPDC 1LNOC 0.18 0.00 0.00
Local Number Portability, per DS0 Activated UEPDC LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00 0.00
Central Office Termininating Point UEPDC CTG 0.00
4-WIRE DS1 LOOP WITH CHANNELIZATION WITH PORT
System is 1 DS1 Loop, 1 D4 Channel Bank, and up to 24 Feature Activations
Each System can have up to 24 combinations of rates depending on type and number of ports used
The UNE-P DS1 combination rates below for 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channelization with Port in this rate exhibit apply to the embedded base in place as of 10/2/03 until 4/1/04. After 4/1/04 these rates shall revert to tariff rates or a separate agreement.
Requests for 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channelization with Port after the effective date of this amendment shall be provided pursuant to a separate agreement or tariff at BellSouth's discretion.
UNE DS1 Loop
4-Wire DS1 Loop - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPMG USLDC 82.55 0.00 0.00
4-Wire DS1 Loop - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPMG USLDC 154.18 0.00 0.00
4-Wire DS1 Loop - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPMG USLDC 314.52 0.00 0.00
UNE DSO Channelization Capacities (D4 Channel Bank Configurations)
24 DSO Channel Capacity - 1 per DS1 UEPMG VUM24 101.40 0.00 0.00
48 DSO Channel Capacity - 1 per 2 DS1s UEPMG VUM48 202.80 0.00 0.00
96 DSO Channel Capacity -1per 4 DS1s UEPMG VUM96 405.60 0.00 0.00
144 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 6 DS1s UEPMG VUM14 608.40 0.00 0.00
192 DS0 Channel Capacity -1 per 8 DS1s UEPMG VUM19 811.20 0.00 0.00
240 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 10 DS1s UEPMG VUM2O 1,014.00 0.00 0.00
288 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 12 DS1s UEPMG VUM28 1,216.80 0.00 0.00
384 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 16 DS1s UEPMG VUM38 1,622.40 0.00 0.00
480 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 20 DS1s UEPMG VUM4O 2,028.00 0.00 0.00
576 DS0 Channel Capacity -1 per 24 DS1s UEPMG VUM57 2,433.60 0.00 0.00
672 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 28 DS1s UEPMG VUM67 2,839.20 0.00 0.00
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channeliztion with Port - Conversion Charge Based on a System
A Minimum System configuration is One (1) DS1, One (1) D4 Channel Bank, and Up To 24 DSO Ports with Feature Activations.
Multiples of this configuration functioning as one are considered Add'l after the minimum system configuration is counted.
NRC - Conversion (Currently Combined) with or without
BellSouth Allowed Changes UEPMG USAC4 0.00 150.48 8.36
System Additions at End User Locations Where 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channelization with Port Combination Currently Exists and
New (Not Currently Combined) in all states, except in Density Zone 1 of Top 8 MSA's
1 DS1/D4 Channel Bank - Additionally Add NRC for each Port
and Assoc Fea Activation (E:4/1/2004) UEPMG VUMD4 0.00 716.11 468.04 148.75 17.65
Bipolar 8 Zero Substitution
Clear Channel Capability Format, superframe - Subsequent
Activity Only UEPMG CCOSF 0.00 0.00i 600.00s
Clear Channel Capability Format - Extended Superframe -
Subsequent Activity Only UEPMG CCOEF 0.00 0.00i 600.00s
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 29 of 348
CCCS 153 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Alternate Mark Inversion (AMI)
Superframe Format UEPMG MCOSF 0.00 0.00 0.00
Extended Superframe Format UEPMG MCOPO 0.00 0.00 0.00
Exchange Ports Associated with 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channelization with Port
Exchange Ports
Line Side Combination Channelized PBX Trunk Port - Business
(E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPCX 1.15 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Line Side Outward Channelized PBX Trunk Port - Business
(E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPOX 1.15 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Line Side Inward Only Channelized PBX Trunk Port without DID
(E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEP1X 1.15 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
2-Wire Trunk Side Unbundled Channelized DID Trunk Port
(E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPDM 8.05 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 2-Wire Channelized – Outdial –
(AL, KY, LA, MS, & TN)(Conversion from Network Access
Service) (E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPCY 1.15
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 2-Wire Channelized – Combination
(AL, KY, LA, MS, & TN) (Conversion from Network Access
Service) (E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPCT 1.15
2-Wire Channelized PBX Area Calling Service Combination Port
(AL Only) (E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPA4 1.15 0.00 0.00
2 Wire Channelized PBX Area Calling Service Outgoing Only
Port (AL Only) (E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPA3 1.15 0.00 0.00
Feature Activations - Unbundled Loop Concentration
Feature (Service) Activation for each Line Port Terminated in D4
Bank UEPPX 1PQWM 0.56 54.55
Feature (Service) Activation for each Trunk Port Terminated in
D4 Bank UEPPX 1PQWU 0.56 77.03
Telephone Number/ Group Establishment Charges for DID Service
DID Trunk Termination (1 per Port) UEPPX NDT 0.00 0.00 0.00
DID Numbers - groups of 20 - Valid all States UEPPX ND4 0.00 0.00 0.00
Non-Consecutive DID Numbers - per number UEPPX ND5 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve Non-Consecutive DID Numbers UEPPX ND6 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve DID Numbers UEPPX NDV 0.00 0.00 0.00
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability - 1 per port UEPPX LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
FEATURES - Vertical and Optional
Local Switching Features Offered with Line Side Ports Only
All Features Available UEPPX UEPVF 1.98 0.00 0.00
UNBUNDLED CENTREX PORT/LOOP COMBINATIONS - COST BASED RATES
1. Cost Based Rates are applied where BellSouth is required by FCC and/or State Commission rule to provide Unbundled Local Switching or Switch Ports.
2. Features shall apply to the Unbundled Port/Loop Combination - Cost Based Rate section in the same manner as they are applied to the Stand-Alone Unbundled Port section of this Rate Exhibit.
3. End Office and Tandem Switching Usage and Common Transport Usage rates in the Port section of this rate exhibit shall apply to all combinations of loop/port network elements except for UNE Coin Port/Loop Combinations.
4. The first and additional Port nonrecurring charges apply to Not Currently Combined Combos. For Currently Combined Combos, the nonrecurring charges shall be those identified in the Nonrecurring - Currently Combined sections. Additional NRCs may
apply also and are categorized accordingly.
5. Market Rates for Unbundled Centrex Port/Loop Combination will be negotiated on an Individual Case Basis, until further notice.
UNE-P CENTREX - 1AESS - (Valid in AL,FL,GA,KY,LA,MS,&TN only)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Combo
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Non-Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Non-Design 1 UEP91 12.70
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 2 UEP91 21.19
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 3 UEP91 34.80
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Design 1 UEP91 15.53
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 30 of 348
CCCS 154 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 2 UEP91 24.00
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 3 UEP91 37.29
UNE Loop Rate
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEP91 UECS1 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEP91 UECS1 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEP91 UECS1 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 1 1 UEP91 UECS2 14.38
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 2 2 UEP91 UECS2 22.85
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 3 3 UEP91 UECS2 36.14
UNE Ports
All States (Except North Carolina and Sout Carolina)
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPYA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination)Basic Local
Area UEP91 UEPYB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)Note1 Basic
Local Area UEP91 UEPYH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire Center)
Note 2, 3 Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPYM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 800 Service
Term - Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPYZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent
- Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPY9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term -
Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPY2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
AL, KY, LA, MS, & TN Only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) UEP91 UEPQA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP91 UEPQB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1 UEP91 UEPQH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 UEP91 UEPQM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 2,3 - 800
Service Term UEP91 UEPQZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent UEP91 UEPQ9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term UEP91 UEPQ2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
Local Switching
Centrex Intercom Funtionality, per port UEP91 URECS 0.5488
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEP91 LNPCC 0.35
Features
All Standard Features Offered, per port UEP91 UEPVF 1.98
All Select Features Offered, per port UEP91 UEPVS 0.00 405.52
All Centrex Control Features Offered, per port UEP91 UEPVC 1.98
NARS
Unbundled Network Access Register - Combination UEP91 UARCX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Indial UEP91 UAR1X 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Outdial UEP91 UAROX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Miscellaneous Terminations
2-Wire Trunk Side
Trunk Side Terminations, each UEP91 CENA6 8.05 119.31 18.74 59.90 3.76
Interoffice Channel Mileage - 2-Wire
Interoffice Channel Facilities Termination - Voice Grade UEP91 M1GBC 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel mileage, per mile or fraction of mile UEP91 M1GBM 0.008838
Feature Activations (DS0) Centrex Loops on Channelized DS1 Service
D4 Channel Bank Feature Activations
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot UEP91 1PQWS 0.56
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 31 of 348
CCCS 155 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX line Side Loop Slot UEP91 1PQW6 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX Trunk Side Loop
Slot UEP91 1PQW7 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot -
Different Wire Center UEP91 1PQWP 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Private Line Loop Slot UEP91 1PQWV 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Tjie Line/Trunk Loop
Slot UEP91 1PQWQ 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank WATS Loop Slot UEP91 1PQWA 0.56
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with UNE-P Centrex
Conversion - Currently Combined Switch-As-Is with allowed
changes, per port UEP91 USAC2 0.10 0.10
Conversion of Existing Centrex Common Block UEP91 USACN 37.75 16.58
New Centrex Standard Common Block UEP91 M1ACS 0.00 667.21
New Centrex Customized Common Block UEP91 M1ACC 0.00 667.21
Secondary Block, per Block UEP91 M2CC1 0.00 78.02
NAR Establishment Charge, Per Occasion UEP91 URECA 0.00 72.73
Additional Non-Recurring Charges (NRC)
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End Use
Premise UEP91 URETL 8.33 0.83
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Design Loop at
End Use Premise UEP91 URETN 11.21 1.10
UNE-P CENTREX - 5ESS (Valid in All States)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Combo
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Non-Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Non-Design 1 UEP95 12.70
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 2 UEP95 21.19
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 3 UEP95 34.80
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Design 1 UEP95 15.53
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 2 UEP95 24.00
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 3 UEP95 37.29
UNE Loop Rate
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEP95 UECS1 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEP95 UECS1 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEP95 UECS1 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 1 1 UEP95 UECS2 14.38
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 2 2 UEP95 UECS2 22.85
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 3 3 UEP95 UECS2 36.14
UNE Port Rate
All States
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPYA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP95 UEPYB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1Basic Local
Area UEP95 UEPYH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPYM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center 2,3 - 800
Service Term - Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPYZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent
- Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPY9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 32 of 348
CCCS 156 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term -
Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPY2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
AL, KY, LA, MS, SC, & TN Only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) UEP95 UEPQA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP95 UEPQB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1 UEP95 UEPQH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 UEP95 UEPQM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 800 Service
Term 2,3 UEP95 UEPQZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent UEP95 UEPQ9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term UEP95 UEPQ2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
Local Switching
Centrex Intercom Funtionality, per port UEP95 URECS 0.5488
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEP95 LNPCC 0.35
Features
All Standard Features Offered, per port UEP95 UEPVF 1.98
All Select Features Offered, per port UEP95 UEPVS 0.00 405.52
All Centrex Control Features Offered, per port UEP95 UEPVC 1.98
NARS
Unbundled Network Access Register - Combination UEP95 UARCX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Indial UEP95 UAR1X 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Outdial UEP95 UAROX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Miscellaneous Terminations
2-Wire Trunk Side
Trunk Side Terminations, each UEP95 CEND6 8.05 119.31 18.74 59.90 3.76
4-Wire Digital (1.544 Megabits)
DS1 Circuit Terminations, each UEP95 M1HD1 60.09 202.02 95.69 72.59 2.46
DS0 Channels Activated, each UEP95 M1HDO 0.00 14.48
Interoffice Channel Mileage - 2-Wire
Interoffice Channel Facilities Termination UEP95 M1GBC 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel mileage, per mile or fraction of mile UEP95 M1GBM 0.008838
Feature Activations (DS0) Centrex Loops on Channelized DS1 Service
D4 Channel Bank Feature Activations
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot UEP95 1PQWS 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX line Side Loop Slot UEP95 1PQW6 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX Trunk Side Loop
Slot UEP95 1PQW7 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot -
Different Wire Center UEP95 1PQWP 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Private Line Loop Slot UEP95 1PQWV 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Tjie Line/Trunk Loop
Slot UEP95 1PQWQ 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank WATS Loop Slot UEP95 1PQWA 0.56
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with UNE-P Centrex
NRC Conversion Currently Combined Switch-As-Is with allowed
changes, per port UEP95 USAC2 0.10 0.10
Conversion of Existing Centrex Common Block, each UEP95 USACN 37.75 16.58
New Centrex Standard Common Block UEP95 M1ACS 0.00 667.21
New Centrex Customized Common Block UEP95 M1ACC 0.00 667.21
NAR Establishment Charge, Per Occasion UEP95 URECA 0.00 72.73
Additional Non-Recurring Charges (NRC)
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End Use
Premise UEP95 URETL 8.33 0.83
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 33 of 348
CCCS 157 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Design Loop at
End Use Premise UEP95 URETN 11.21 1.10
UNE-P CENTREX - DMS100 (Valid in All States)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Combo
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Non-Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Non-Design 1 UEP9D 12.70
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 2 UEP9D 21.19
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 3 UEP9D 34.80
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Design 1 UEP9D 15.53
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 2 UEP9D 24.00
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 3 UEP9D 37.29
UNE Loop Rate
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEP9D UECS1 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEP9D UECS1 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEP9D UECS1 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 1 1 UEP9D UECS2 14.38
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 2 2 UEP9D UECS2 22.85
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 3 3 UEP9D UECS2 36.14
UNE Port Rate
ALL STATES
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination)Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-PSET)3Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYC 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5009)3Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYD 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5209))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYE 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5112))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYF 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5312))3Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYG 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5008))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYT 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5208))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYU 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5216))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYV 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5316))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPY3 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID) Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/Caller ID/Msg Wtg Lamp
Indication))4 Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYW 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/Msg Wtg Lamp Indication))4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYJ 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire Center)
2,3-Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-PSET)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYO 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 34 of 348
CCCS 158 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5009)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYP 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-5209)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYQ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5112)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYR 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5312)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYS 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5008)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY4 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5208)2, 3
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY5 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5216)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY6 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5316)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY7 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 800 Service
Term 2,3 UEP9D UEPYZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term Basic
Local Area UEP9D UEPY2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
AL, KY, LA, MS, SC, & TN Only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) UEP9D UEPQA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP9D UEPQB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-PSET)4 UEP9D UEPQC 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5009)4 UEP9D UEPQD 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5209)4 UEP9D UEPQE 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5112)4 UEP9D UEPQF 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5312)4 UEP9D UEPQG 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5008)4 UEP9D UEPQT 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5208)4 UEP9D UEPQU 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5216)4 UEP9D UEPQV 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5316)4 UEP9D UEPQ3 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID) UEP9D UEPQH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/Caller ID/Msg Wtg Lamp
Indication)4 UEP9D UEPQW 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/Msg Wtg Lamp Indication)4 UEP9D UEPQJ 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire Center)
2,3 UEP9D UEPQM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-PSET)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPQO 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5009)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPQP 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-5209)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPQQ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5112)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPQR 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5312)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPQS 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5008)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPQ4 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5208)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPQ5 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5216)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPQ6 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5316)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPQ7 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 35 of 348
CCCS 159 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 800 Service
Term 2,3 UEP9D UEPQZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent UEP9D UEPQ9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term UEP9D UEPQ2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
Local Switching
Centrex Intercom Funtionality, per port UEP9D URECS 0.5488
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEP9D LNPCC 0.35
Features
All Standard Features Offered, per port UEP9D UEPVF 1.98
All Select Features Offered, per port UEP9D UEPVS 0.00 405.52
All Centrex Control Features Offered, per port UEP9D UEPVC 1.98
NARS
Unbundled Network Access Register - Combination UEP9D UARCX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Inward UEP9D UAR1X 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Outdial UEP9D UAROX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Miscellaneous Terminations
2-Wire Trunk Side
Trunk Side Terminations, each UEP9D CEND6 8.05 119.31 18.74 59.90 3.76
4-Wire Digital (1.544 Megabits)
DS1 Circuit Terminations, each UEP9D M1HD1 60.09 202.02 95.69 72.59 2.46
DS0 Channels Activiated per Channel UEP9D M1HDO 0.00 14.48
Interoffice Channel Mileage - 2-Wire
Interoffice Channel Facilities Termination UEP9D M1GBC 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel mileage, per mile or fraction of mile UEP9D M1GBM 0.008838
Feature Activations (DS0) Centrex Loops on Channelized DS1 Service
D4 Channel Bank Feature Activations
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot UEP9D 1PQWS 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX line Side Loop Slot UEP9D 1PQW6 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX Trunk Side Loop
Slot UEP9D 1PQW7 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot -
Different Wire Center UEP9D 1PQWP 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Private Line Loop Slot UEP9D 1PQWV 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Tjie Line/Trunk Loop
Slot UEP9D 1PQWQ 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank WATS Loop Slot UEP9D 1PQWA 0.56
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with UNE-P Centrex
NRC Conversion Currently Combined Switch-As-Is with allowed
changes, per port UEP9D USAC2 0.10 0.10
Conversion of existing Centrex Common Block, each UEP9D USACN 37.75 16.58
New Centrex Standard Common Block UEP9D M1ACS 0.00 667.21
New Centrex Customized Common Block UEP9D M1ACC 0.00 667.21
NAR Establishment Charge, Per Occasion UEP9D URECA 0.00 72.73
Additional Non-Recurring Charges (NRC)
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End Use
Premise UEP9D URETL 8.33 0.83
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Design Loop at
End Use Premise UEP9D URETN 11.21 1.10
UNE-P CENTREX - EWSD (Valid in AL, FL, KY, LA, MS & TN)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Combo
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Non-Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Non-Design 1 UEP9E 12.70
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 2 UEP9E 21.19
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 36 of 348
CCCS 160 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 3 UEP9E 34.80
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Design 1 UEP9E 15.53
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 2 UEP9E 24.00
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 3 UEP9E 37.29
UNE Loop Rate
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEP9E UECS1 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEP9E UECS1 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEP9E UECS1 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 1 1 UEP9E UECS2 14.38
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 2 2 UEP9E UECS2 22.85
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 3 3 UEP9E UECS2 36.14
UNE Port Rate
AL, FL, KY, LA, MS, & TN only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) Basic Local Area UEP9E UEPYA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination)Basic Local
Area UEP9E UEPYB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1Basic Local
Area UEP9E UEPYH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 Basic Local Area UEP9E UEPYM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center 2,3 - 800
Service Term - Basic Local Area UEP9E UEPYZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent
- Basic Local Area UEP9E UEPY9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term -
Basic Local Area UEP9E UEPY2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
AL, KY, LA, MS, & TN Only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) UEP9E UEPQA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP9E UEPQB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1 UEP9E UEPQH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 UEP9E UEPQM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center 2,3 - 800
Service Term UEP9E UEPQZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent UEP9E UEPQ9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term UEP9E UEPQ2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
Local Switching
Centrex Intercom Funtionality, per port UEP9E URECS 0.5488
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEP9E LNPCC 0.35
Features
All Standard Features Offered, per port UEP9E UEPVF 1.98
All Select Features Offered, per port UEP9E UEPVS 0.00 405.52
All Centrex Control Features Offered, per port UEP9E UEPVC 1.98
NARS
Unbundled Network Access Register - Combination UEP9E UARCX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Indial UEP9E UAR1X 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Outdial UEP9E UAROX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Miscellaneous Terminations
2-Wire Trunk Side
Trunk Side Terminations, each UEP9E CEND6 8.05 119.31 18.74 59.90 3.76
4-Wire Digital (1.544 Megabits)
DS1 Circuit Terminations, each UEP9E M1HD1 60.09 202.02 95.69 72.59 2.46
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 37 of 348
CCCS 161 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
DS0 Channel Activated Per Channel UEP9E M1HDO 0.00 14.48
Interoffice Channel Mileage - 2-Wire
Interoffice Channel Facilities Termination UEP9E M1GBC 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel mileage, per mile or fraction of mile UEP9E M1GBM 0.008838
Feature Activations (DS0) Centrex Loops on Channelized DS1 Service
D4 Channel Bank Feature Activations
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot UEP9E 1PQWS 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX line Side Loop Slot UEP9E 1PQW6 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX Trunk Side Loop
Slot UEP9E 1PQW7 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot -
Different Wire Center UEP9E 1PQWP 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Private Line Loop Slot UEP9E 1PQWV 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Tjie Line/Trunk Loop
Slot UEP9E 1PQWQ 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank WATS Loop Slot UEP9E 1PQWA 0.56
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with UNE-P Centrex
NRC Conversion Currently Combined Switch-As-Is with allowed
changes, per port UEP9E USAC2 0.10 0.10
Conversion of Existing Centrex Common Block, each UEP9E USACN 37.75 16.58
New Centrex Standard Common Block UEP9E M1ACS 0.00 667.21
New Centrex Customized Common Block UEP9E M1ACC 0.00 667.21
NAR Establishment Charge, Per Occasion UEP9E URECA 0.00 72.73
Additional Non-Recurring Charges (NRC)
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End Use
Premise UEP9E URETL 8.33 0.83
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Design Loop at
End Use Premise UEP9E URETN 11.21 1.10
UNE-P CENTREX - DCO - Valid in AL, KY, LA, MS, & TN)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Combo
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Non-Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Non-Design 1 UEP93 12.70
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 2 UEP93 21.19
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 3 UEP93 34.80
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Design 1 UEP93 15.53
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 2 UEP93 24.00
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 3 UEP93 37.29
UNE Loop Rate
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEP93 UECS1 11.55
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEP93 UECS1 20.04
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEP93 UECS1 33.65
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 1 1 UEP93 UECS2 14.38
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 2 2 UEP93 UECS2 22.85
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 3 3 UEP93 UECS2 36.14
UNE Port Rate
AL, KY, LA, MS, & TN only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) Basic Local Area UEP93 UEPYA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination)Basic Local
Area UEP93 UEPYB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 38 of 348
CCCS 162 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1Basic Local
Area UEP93 UEPYH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 Basic Local Area UEP93 UEPYM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 2,3 - 800
Service Term - Basic Local Area UEP93 UEPYZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent
- Basic Local Area UEP93 UEPY9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term -
Basic Local Area UEP93 UEPY2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) UEP93 UEPQA 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP93 UEPQB 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1 UEP93 UEPQH 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 UEP93 UEPQM 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 2,3 -800
Service Term UEP93 UEPQZ 1.15 90.38 57.27 48.66 8.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent UEP93 UEPQ9 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term UEP93 UEPQ2 1.15 40.19 19.83 24.91 6.63
Local Switching
Centrex Intercom Funtionality, per port UEP93 URECS 0.5488
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEP93 LNPCC 0.35
Features
All Standard Features Offered, per port UEP93 UEPVF 1.98
All Centrex Control Features Offered, per port UEP93 UEPVC 1.98
NARS
Unbundled Network Access Register - Combination UEP93 UARCX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Indial UEP93 UAR1X 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Outdial UEP93 UAROX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Miscellaneous Terminations
2-Wire Trunk Side
Trunk Side Terminations, each UEP93 CEND6 8.05 119.31 18.74 59.90 3.76
4-Wire Digital (1.544 Megabits)
DS1 Circuit Terminations, each UEP93 M1HD1 60.09 202.02 95.69 72.59 2.46
DS0 Channels Activated, Per Channel UEP93 M1HDO 0.00 14.48
Interoffice Channel Mileage - 2-Wire
Interoffice Channel Facilities Termination UEP93 M1GBC 21.13 40.54 27.41 16.74 6.90
Interoffice Channel mileage, per mile or fraction of mile UEP93 M1GBM 0.008838
Feature Activations (DS0) Centrex Loops on Channelized DS1 Service
D4 Channel Bank Feature Activations
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot UEP93 1PQWS 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX Line Side Loop Slot UEP93 1PQW6 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX Trunk Side Loop
Slot UEP93 1PQW7 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot -
Different Wire Center UEP93 1PQWP 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Private Line Loop Slot UEP93 1PQWV 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Tie Line/Trunk Loop
Slot UEP93 1PQWQ 0.56
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank WATS Loop Slot UEP93 1PQWA 0.56
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with UNE-P Centrex
NRC Conversion Currently Combined Switch-As-Is with allowed
changes, per port UEP93 USAC2 0.10 0.10
Conversion of Existing Centrex Common Block, each UEP93 USACN 37.75 16.58
New Centrex Standard Common Block UEP93 M1ACS 0.00 667.21
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 39 of 348
CCCS 163 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Alabama Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
New Centrex Customized Common Block UEP93 M1ACC 0.00 667.21
NAR Establishment Charge, Per Occasion UEP93 URECA 0.00 72.73
Additional Non-Recurring Charges (NRC)
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End Use
Premise UEP93 URETL 8.33 0.83
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Design Loop at
End Use Premise UEP93 URETN 11.21 1.10
Note 1 - Required Port for Centrex Control in 1AESS, 5ESS & EWSD
Note 2 - Requres Interoffice Channel Mileage
Note 3 - Installation is combination of Installation charge for SL2 Loop and Port
Note 4 - Requires Specific Customer Premises Equipment
Note: Rates displaying an "R" in Interim column are interim and subject to rate true-up as set forth in General Terms and Conditions.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 40 of 348
CCCS 164 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
The "Zone" shown in the sections for stand-alone loops or loops as part of a combination refers to Geographically Deaveraged UNE Zones. To view Geographically Deaveraged UNE Zone Designations by Central Office, refer to internet Website:
http://www.interconnection.bellsouth.com/become_a_clec/html/interconnection.htm
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT SYSTEMS (OSS) - "REGIONAL RATES"
NOTE: (1) CLEC should contact its contract negotiator if it prefers the "state specific" OSS charges as ordered by the State Commissions. The OSS charges currently contained in this rate exhibit are the BellSouth "regional" service ordering charges. CLEC may
elect either the state specific Commission ordered rates for the service ordering charges, or CLEC may elect the regional service ordering charge, however, CLEC can not obtain a mixture of the two regardless if CLEC has a interconnection contract established in
each of the 9 states.
NOTE: (2) Any element that can be ordered electronically will be billed according to the SOMEC rate listed in this category. Please refer to BellSouth's Local Ordering Handbook (LOH) to determine if a product can be ordered electronically. For those elements
that cannot be ordered electronically at present per the LOH, the listed SOMEC rate in this category reflects the charge that would be billed to a CLEC once electronic ordering capabilities come on-line for that element. Otherwise, the manual ordering charge,
SOMAN, will be applied to a CLECs bill when it submits an LSR to BellSouth.
OSS - Electronic Service Order Charge, Per Local Service
Request (LSR) - UNE Only SOMEC 3.50 0.00 3.50 0.00
OSS - Manual Service Order Charge, Per Local Service Request
(LSR) - UNE Only SOMAN 11.90 0.00 1.83 0.00
UNE SERVICE DATE ADVANCEMENT CHARGE
NOTE: The Expedite charge will be maintained commensurate with BellSouth's FCC No.1 Tariff, Section 5 as applicable.
UAL, UEANL, UCL,
UEF, UDF, UEQ,
UDL, UENTW, UDN,
UEA, UHL, ULC,
USL, U1T12, U1T48,
U1TD1, U1TD3,
U1TDX, U1TO3,
U1TS1, U1TVX,
UC1BC, UC1BL,
UC1CC, UC1CL,
UC1DC, UC1DL,
UC1EC, UC1EL,
UC1FC, UC1FL,
UC1GC, UC1GL,
UC1HC, UC1HL,
UDL12, UDL48,
UDLO3, UDLSX,
UE3, ULD12,
ULD48, ULDD1,
ULDD3, ULDDX,
ULDO3, ULDS1,
ULDVX, UNC1X,
UNC3X, UNCDX,
UNCNX, UNCSX,
UNCVX, UNLD1,
UNLD3, UXTD1,
UXTD3, UXTS1,
UNE Expedite Charge per Circuit or Line Assignable USOC, per U1TUC, U1TUD,
Day U1TUB, U1TUA SDASP 200.00
UNBUNDLED EXCHANGE ACCESS LOOP
2-WIRE ANALOG VOICE GRADE LOOP
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 1 1 UEANL UEAL2 10.69 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 2 2 UEANL UEAL2 15.20 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 3 3 UEANL UEAL2 26.97 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 1 1 UEANL UEASL 10.69 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 2 2 UEANL UEASL 15.20 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 1- Zone 3 3 UEANL UEASL 26.97 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEANL URETL 8.33 0.83
Loop Testing - Basic 1st Half Hour UEANL URET1 48.65 48.65
Loop Testing - Basic Additional Half Hour UEANL URETA 23.95 23.95
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 41 of 348
CCCS 165 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge Without Outside Dispatch
(UVL-SL1) UEANL UREWO 15.78 8.94
Unbundled Voice Loop, Non-Design Voice Loop, billing for BST
providing make-up (Engineering Information - E.I.) UEANL UEANM 13.49
Manual Order Coordination for UVL-SL1s (per loop) UEANL UEAMC 9.00 9.00
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time for UVL-SL1
(per LSR) UEANL OCOSL 23.02
2-WIRE Unbundled COPPER LOOP
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop - Non-Designed Zone 1 1 UEQ UEQ2X 7.69 44.98 20.90 24.88 6.45
2 Wire Unbundled Copper Loop - Non-Designed - Zone 2 2 UEQ UEQ2X 10.92 44.98 20.90 24.88 6.45
2 Wire Unbundled Copper Loop - Non-Designed - Zone 3 3 UEQ UEQ2X 19.38 44.98 20.90 24.88 6.45
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEQ URETL 8.33 0.83
Manual Order Coordination 2 Wire Unbundled Copper Loop -
Non-Designed (per loop) UEQ USBMC 9.00
Unbundled Copper Loop, Non-Design Cooper Loop, billing for
BST providing make-up (Engineering Information - E.I.) UEQ UEQMU 13.49
Loop Testing - Basic 1st Half Hour UEQ URET1 48.65 48.65
Loop Testing - Basic Additional Half Hour UEQ URETA 23.95 23.95
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge Without Outside Dispatch
(UCL-ND) UEQ UREWO 14.27 7.43
UNBUNDLED EXCHANGE ACCESS LOOP
2-WIRE ANALOG VOICE GRADE LOOP
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop-Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 1 1 UEPSR UEPSB UEALS 10.69 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop-Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 1 1 UEPSR UEPSB UEABS 10.69 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop- Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 2 2 UEPSR UEPSB UEALS 15.20 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop- Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 2 2 UEPSR UEPSB UEABS 15.20 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop-Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 3 3 UEPSR UEPSB UEALS 26.97 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop-Service Level 1-Line Splitting-
Zone 3 3 UEPSR UEPSB UEABS 26.97 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
UNBUNDLED EXCHANGE ACCESS LOOP
2-WIRE ANALOG VOICE GRADE LOOP
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Loop or
Ground Start Signaling - Zone 1 1 UEA UEAL2 12.24 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Loop or
Ground Start Signaling - Zone 2 2 UEA UEAL2 17.40 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Loop or
Ground Start Signaling - Zone 3 3 UEA UEAL2 30.87 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UEA OCOSL 23.02
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Reverse
Battery Signaling - Zone 1 1 UEA UEAR2 12.24 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Reverse
Battery Signaling - Zone 2 2 UEA UEAR2 17.40 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Service Level 2 w/Reverse
Battery Signaling - Zone 3 3 UEA UEAR2 30.87 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UEA OCOSL 23.02
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UEA UREWO 87.71 36.35
Loop Tagging - Service Level 2 (SL2) UEA URETL 11.21 1.10
4-WIRE ANALOG VOICE GRADE LOOP
4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Zone 1 1 UEA UEAL4 18.89 167.86 115.15 67.08 15.56
4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Zone 2 2 UEA UEAL4 26.84 167.86 115.15 67.08 15.56
4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - Zone 3 3 UEA UEAL4 47.62 167.86 115.15 67.08 15.56
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UEA OCOSL 23.02
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UEA UREWO 87.71 36.35
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 42 of 348
CCCS 166 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-WIRE ISDN DIGITAL GRADE LOOP
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - Zone 1 1 UDN U1L2X 19.28 147.69 94.41 62.23 10.71
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - Zone 2 2 UDN U1L2X 27.40 147.69 94.41 62.23 10.71
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - Zone 3 3 UDN U1L2X 48.62 147.69 94.41 62.23 10.71
Order Coordination For Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UDN OCOSL 23.02
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UDN UREWO 91.61 44.15
2-WIRE ASYMMETRICAL DIGITAL SUBSCRIBER LINE (ADSL) COMPATIBLE LOOP
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UAL UAL2X 8.30 149.53 103.85 75.05 15.63
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UAL UAL2X 11.80 149.53 103.85 75.05 15.63
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UAL UAL2X 20.94 149.53 103.85 75.05 15.63
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UAL OCOSL 23.02
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop without manual service inquiry &
facility reservaton - Zone 1 1 UAL UAL2W 8.30 124.83 71.12 60.64 9.12
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop without manual service inquiry &
facility reservaton - Zone 2 2 UAL UAL2W 11.80 124.83 71.12 60.64 9.12
2 Wire Unbundled ADSL Loop without manual service inquiry &
facility reservaton - Zone 3 3 UAL UAL2W 20.94 124.83 71.12 60.64 9.12
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UAL OCOSL 23.02
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UAL UREWO 86.19 40.39
2-WIRE HIGH BIT RATE DIGITAL SUBSCRIBER LINE (HDSL) COMPATIBLE LOOP
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UHL UHL2X 7.22 159.09 113.41 75.05 15.63
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UHL UHL2X 10.26 159.09 113.41 75.05 15.63
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
& facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UHL UHL2X 18.21 159.09 113.41 75.05 15.63
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UHL OCOSL 23.02
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UHL UHL2W 7.22 134.40 80.69 60.64 9.12
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UHL UHL2W 10.26 134.40 80.69 60.64 9.12
2 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UHL UHL2W 18.21 134.40 80.69 60.64 9.12
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UHL OCOSL 23.02
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UHL UREWO 86.12 40.39
4-WIRE HIGH BIT RATE DIGITAL SUBSCRIBER LINE (HDSL) COMPATIBLE LOOP
4 Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UHL UHL4X 10.86 193.31 138.98 77.15 12.61
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UHL UHL4X 15.44 193.31 138.98 77.15 12.61
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UHL UHL4X 27.39 193.31 138.98 77.15 12.61
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UHL OCOSL 23.02
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UHL UHL4W 10.86 168.62 115.47 62.74 11.22
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UHL UHL4W 15.44 168.62 115.47 62.74 11.22
4-Wire Unbundled HDSL Loop without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UHL UHL4W 27.39 168.62 115.47 62.74 11.22
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UHL OCOSL 23.02
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UHL UREWO 86.12 40.39
4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL LOOP
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - Zone 1 1 USL USLXX 70.74 313.75 181.48 61.22 13.53
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - Zone 2 2 USL USLXX 100.54 313.75 181.48 61.22 13.53
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - Zone 3 3 USL USLXX 178.39 313.75 181.48 61.22 13.53
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) USL OCOSL 23.02
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 43 of 348
CCCS 167 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch USL UREWO 101.07 43.04
4-WIRE 19.2, 56 OR 64 KBPS DIGITAL GRADE LOOP
4 Wire Unbundled Digital 19.2 Kbps 1 UDL UDL19 22.20 161.56 108.85 67.08 15.56
4 Wire Unbundled Digital 19.2 Kbps 2 UDL UDL19 31.56 161.56 108.85 67.08 15.56
4 Wire Unbundled Digital 19.2 Kbps 3 UDL UDL19 55.99 161.56 108.85 67.08 15.56
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 56 Kbps - Zone 1 1 UDL UDL56 22.20 161.56 108.85 67.08 15.56
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 56 Kbps - Zone 2 2 UDL UDL56 31.56 161.56 108.85 67.08 15.56
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 56 Kbps - Zone 3 3 UDL UDL56 55.99 161.56 108.85 67.08 15.56
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UDL OCOSL 23.02
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 64 Kbps - Zone 1 1 UDL UDL64 22.20 161.56 108.85 67.08 15.56
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 64 Kbps - Zone 2 2 UDL UDL64 31.56 161.56 108.85 67.08 15.56
4 Wire Unbundled Digital Loop 64 Kbps - Zone 3 3 UDL UDL64 55.99 161.56 108.85 67.08 15.56
Order Coordination for Specified Conversion Time (per LSR) UDL OCOSL 23.02
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UDL UREWO 102.11 49.74
2-WIRE Unbundled COPPER LOOP
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed including manual
service inquiry & facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UCL UCLPB 8.30 148.50 102.82 75.05 15.63
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed including manual
service inquiry & facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UCL UCLPB 11.80 148.50 102.82 75.05 15.63
2 Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed including manual
service inquiry & facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UCL UCLPB 20.94 148.50 102.82 75.05 15.63
Order Coordination for Unbundled Copper Loops (per loop) UCL UCLMC 9.00 9.00
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed without manual
service inquiry and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UCL UCLPW 8.30 123.81 70.09 60.64 9.12
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed without manual
service inquiry and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UCL UCLPW 11.80 123.81 70.09 60.64 9.12
2-Wire Unbundled Copper Loop-Designed without manual
service inquiry and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UCL UCLPW 20.94 123.81 70.09 60.64 9.12
Order Coordination for Unbundled Copper Loops (per loop) UCL UCLMC 9.00 9.00
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch
(UCL -Des) UCL UREWO 97.21 42.47
4-WIRE COPPER LOOP
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UCL UCL4S 11.83 177.87 132.76 77.15 17.73
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UCL UCL4S 16.81 177.87 132.76 77.15 17.73
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed including manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UCL UCL4S 29.82 177.87 132.76 77.15 17.73
Order Coordination for Unbundled Copper Loops (per loop) UCL UCLMC 9.00 9.00
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 1 1 UCL UCL4W 11.83 153.18 100.03 62.74 11.22
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 2 2 UCL UCL4W 16.81 153.18 100.03 62.74 11.22
4-Wire Copper Loop-Designed without manual service inquiry
and facility reservation - Zone 3 3 UCL UCL4W 29.82 153.18 100.03 62.74 11.22
Order Coordination for Unbundled Copper Loops (per loop) UCL UCLMC 9.00 9.00
CLEC to CLEC Conversion Charge without outside dispatch UCL UREWO 97.21 42.47
LOOP MODIFICATION
UAL, UHL, UCL,
UEQ, ULS, UEA,
Unbundled Loop Modification, Removal of Load Coils - 2 Wire UEANL, UEPSR,
pair less than or equal to 18k ft, per Unbundled Loop UEPSB ULM2L 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Loop Modification Removal of Load Coils - 4 Wire
less than or equal to 18K ft, per Unbundled Loop UHL, UCL, UEA ULM4L 0.00 0.00
UAL, UHL, UCL,
UEQ, ULS, UEA,
Unbundled Loop Modification Removal of Bridged Tap Removal, UEANL, UEPSR,
per unbundled loop UEPSB ULMBT 10.52 10.52
SUB-LOOPS
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 44 of 348
CCCS 168 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Sub-Loop Distribution
Sub-Loop - Per Cross Box Location - CLEC Feeder Facility Set-
Up I UEANL USBSA 487.23
Sub-Loop - Per Cross Box Location - Per 25 Pair Panel Set-Up I UEANL USBSB 6.25
Sub-Loop - Per Building Equipment Room - CLEC Feeder
Facility Set-Up I UEANL USBSC 169.25
Sub-Loop - Per Building Equipment Room - Per 25 Pair Panel
Set-Up I UEANL USBSD 38.65
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 1 1 UEANL USBN2 6.46 60.19 21.78 47.50 5.26
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 2 2 UEANL USBN2 9.18 60.19 21.78 47.50 5.26
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 3 3 UEANL USBN2 16.29 60.19 21.78 47.50 5.26
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEANL USBMC 9.00 9.00
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 1 1 UEANL USBN4 7.37 68.83 30.42 49.71 6.60
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 2 2 UEANL USBN4 10.47 68.83 30.42 49.71 6.60
Sub-Loop Distribution Per 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop -
Zone 3 3 UEANL USBN4 18.58 68.83 30.42 49.71 6.60
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEANL USBMC 9.00 9.00
Sub-Loop 2-Wire Intrabuilding Network Cable (INC) I UEANL USBR2 3.96 51.84 13.44 47.50 5.26
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEANL USBMC 9.00 9.00
Sub-Loop 4-Wire Intrabuilding Network Cable (INC) I UEANL USBR4 9.37 55.91 17.51 49.71 6.60
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEANL USBMC 9.00 9.00
Loop Testing - Basic 1st Half Hour UEANL URET1 48.65 48.65
Loop Testing - Basic Additional Half Hour UEANL URETA 23.95 23.95
2 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 1 I 1 UEF UCS2X 5.15 60.19 21.78 47.50 5.26
2 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 2 I 2 UEF UCS2X 7.31 60.19 21.78 47.50 5.26
2 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 3 I 3 UEF UCS2X 12.98 60.19 21.78 47.50 5.26
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEF USBMC 9.00 9.00
4 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 1 I 1 UEF UCS4X 5.36 68.83 30.42 49.71 6.60
4 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 2 I 2 UEF UCS4X 7.61 68.83 30.42 49.71 6.60
4 Wire Copper Unbundled Sub-Loop Distribution - Zone 3 I 3 UEF UCS4X 13.51 68.83 30.42 49.71 6.60
Order Coordination for Unbundled Sub-Loops, per sub-loop pair UEF USBMC 9.00 9.00
Loop Testing - Basic 1st Half Hour UEF URET1 48.65 48.65
Loop Testing - Basic Additional Half Hour UEF URETA 23.95 23.95
Unbundled Network Terminating Wire (UNTW)
Unbundled Network Terminating Wire (UNTW) per Pair UENTW UENPP 0.4572 18.02
Network Interface Device (NID)
Network Interface Device (NID) - 1-2 lines UENTW UND12 71.49 48.87
Network Interface Device (NID) - 1-6 lines UENTW UND16 113.89 89.07
Network Interface Device Cross Connect - 2 W UENTW UNDC2 7.63 7.63
Network Interface Device Cross Connect - 4W UENTW UNDC4 7.63 7.63
UNE OTHER, PROVISIONING ONLY - NO RATE
NID - Dispatch and Service Order for NID installation UENTW UNDBX 0.00 0.00
UNTW Circuit Id Establishment, Provisioning Only - No Rate UENTW UENCE 0.00 0.00
UEANL,UEF,UEQ,U
Unbundled Contract Name, Provisioning Only - No Rate ENTW UNECN 0.00 0.00
UNE OTHER, PROVISIONING ONLY - NO RATE
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 45 of 348
CCCS 169 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
UAL,UCL,UDC,UDL,
Unbundled Contact Name, Provisioning Only - no rate UDN,UEA,UHL,ULC UNECN 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Sub-Loop Feeder-2 Wire Cross Box Jumper - no
rate UEA,UDN,UCL,UDC USBFQ 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Sub-Loop Feeder-4 Wire Cross Box Jumper - no
rate UEA,USL,UCL,UDL USBFR 0.00 0.00
Unbundled DS1 Loop - Superframe Format Option - no rate USL CCOSF 0.00 0.00
Unbundled DS1 Loop - Expanded Superframe Format option -
no rate USL CCOEF 0.00 0.00
HIGH CAPACITY UNBUNDLED LOCAL LOOP
High Capacity Unbundled Local Loop - DS3 - Per Mile per
month UE3 1L5ND 10.92
High Capacity Unbundled Local Loop - DS3 - Facility
Termination per month UE3 UE3PX 386.88 556.37 343.01 139.13 96.84
High Capacity Unbundled Local Loop - STS-1 - Per Mile per
month UDLSX 1L5ND 10.92
High Capacity Unbundled Local Loop - STS-1 - Facility
Termination per month UDLSX UDLS1 426.60 556.37 343.01 139.13 96.84
LOOP MAKE-UP
Loop Makeup - Preordering Without Reservation, per working or
spare facility queried (Manual). UMK UMKLW 52.17 52.17
Loop Makeup - Preordering With Reservation, per spare facility
queried (Manual). UMK UMKLP 55.07 55.07
Loop Makeup--With or Without Reservation, per working or
spare facility queried (Mechanized) UMK UMKMQ 0.6784 0.6784
LINE SHARING AND LINE SPLITTING
NOTE 1: The Line Sharing monthly recurring rates for all installations completed from October 02, 2003 through midnight October 01, 2004 shall be billed as follows:
NOTE 1: 10/02/2003 – 10/01/2004: 25% of the rate for an unbundled copper loop non-designed (“UCLND”)
NOTE 1: 10/02/2004 – 10/01/2005: 50% of the rate for UCLND
NOTE 1: 10/02/2005 – 10/01/2006: 75% of the rate for UCLND
NOTE 1: Above will apply to USOCS: ULSDT and ULSCT
**NOTE 2: The Line Sharing monthly recurring rates with USOCs ULSDC and ULSCC applies only to circuits installed and inservice on or before October 1, 2003
LINE SHARING
SPLITTERS-CENTRAL OFFICE BASED
Line Sharing Splitter, per System 96 Line Capacity ULS ULSDA 119.72 379.13 0.00 347.90 0.00
Line Sharing Splitter, per System 24 Line Capacity ULS ULSDB 29.93 379.13 0.00 347.90 0.00
Line Sharing Splitter, Per System, 8 Line Capacity ULS ULSD8 8.33 379.13 0.00 347.90 0.00
Line Sharing-DLEC Owned Splitter in CO-CFA activaton-
deactivation (per LSOD) ULS ULSDG 173.66 0.00 97.42 0.00
END USER ORDERING-CENTRAL OFFICE BASED LINE SHARING
Line Sharing - per Line Activation (BST Owned splitter) -
OBSOLETE see **NOTE 2 ULS ULSDC 0.61 29.68 21.28 19.57 9.61
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, BST owned splitter -
Central Office Located (25% of UCLND) - please see NOTE 1
(E:10/2/2003) ULS ULSDT 1.99 29.68 21.28 19.57 9.61
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, BST owned splitter -
Central Office Located (50% of UCLND) - please see NOTE 1
(E:10/2/2004) ULS ULSDT 3.98 29.68 21.28 19.57 9.61
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, BST owned splitter -
Central Office Located (75% of UCLND) - please see NOTE 1
(E:10/2/2005) ULS ULSDT 5.97 29.68 21.28 19.57 9.61
Line Sharing - per Subsequent Activity per Line Rearrangement
- (BST Owned Splitter) ULS ULSDS 21.68 16.44
Line Sharing - per Subsequent Activity per Line Rearrangement
- (DLEC Owned Splitter) ULS ULSCS 21.68 16.44
Line Sharing - per Line Activation (DLEC owned Splitter) -
OBSOLETE see **NOTE 2 ULS ULSCC 0.61 47.44 19.31 20.67 12.74
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 46 of 348
CCCS 170 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, CLEC owned
splitter - Central Office Located (25% of UCLND) - please see
NOTE 1 (E:10/2/2003) ULS ULSCT 1.99 47.44 19.31 20.67 12.74
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, CLEC owned
splitter - Central Office Located (50% of UCLND) - please see
NOTE 1 (E:10/2/2004) ULS ULSCT 3.98 47.44 19.31 20.67 12.74
Line Share Service, TRO per line activation, CLEC owned
splitter - Central Office Located (75% of UCLND) - please see
NOTE 1 (E:10/2/2005) ULS ULSCT 5.97 47.44 19.31 20.67 12.74
LINE SPLITTING
END USER ORDERING-CENTRAL OFFICE BASED
Line Splitting - per line activation DLEC owned splitter UEPSR UEPSB UREOS 0.61
Line Splitting - per line activation BST owned - physical UEPSR UEPSB UREBP 0.61 29.68 21.28 19.57 9.61
Line Splitting - per line activation BST owned - virtual UEPSR UEPSB UREBV 1.134 29.68 21.28 19.57 9.61
MAINTENANCE
No Trouble Found - per 1/2 hour increments - Basic 80.00 55.00
No Trouble Found - per 1/2 hour increments - Overtime 120.00 82.50
No Trouble Found - per 1/2 hour increments - Premium 160.00 110.00
UNBUNDLED DEDICATED TRANSPORT
INTEROFFICE CHANNEL - DEDICATED TRANSPORT
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 2-Wire Voice Grade -
Per Mile per month U1TVX 1L5XX 0.0091
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport- 2- Wire Voice Grade -
Facility Termination U1TVX U1TV2 25.32 47.35 31.78 18.31 7.03
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transpor t- 2-Wire Voice Grade
Rev Bat. - Per Mile per month U1TVX 1L5XX 0.0091
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport- 2- Wire VG Rev Bat. -
Facility Termination U1TVX U1TR2 25.32 47.35 31.78 18.31 7.03
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 4-Wire Voice Grade -
Per Mile per month U1TVX 1L5XX 0.0091
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 4- Wire Voice Grade
- Facility Termination U1TVX U1TV4 22.58 47.35 31.78 18.31 7.03
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 56 kbps - per mile
per month U1TDX 1L5XX 0.0091
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 56 kbps - Facility
Termination U1TDX U1TD5 18.44 47.35 31.78 18.31 7.03
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 64 kbps - per mile
per month U1TDX 1L5XX 0.0091
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - 64 kbps - Facility
Termination U1TDX U1TD6 18.44 47.35 31.78 18.31 7.03
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Channel - DS1 - Per Mile per
month U1TD1 1L5XX 0.1856
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Tranport - DS1 - Facility
Termination U1TD1 U1TF1 88.44 105.54 98.47 21.47 19.05
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - DS3 - Per Mile per
month U1TD3 1L5XX 3.87
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - DS3 - Facility
Termination per month U1TD3 U1TF3 1,071.00 335.46 219.28 72.03 70.56
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - STS-1 - Per Mile per
month U1TS1 1L5XX 3.87
Interoffice Channel - Dedicated Transport - STS-1 - Facility
Termination U1TS1 U1TFS 1,056.00 335.46 219.28 72.03 70.56
DARK FIBER
Dark Fiber, Four Fiber Strands, Per Route Mile or Fraction
Thereof per month - Interoffice Channel UDF, UDFCX 1L5DF 26.85
NRC Dark Fiber - Interoffice Channel UDF, UDFCX UDF14 751.34 193.88 356.21 230.11
Dark Fiber, Four Fiber Strands, Per Route Mile or Fraction
Thereof per month - Local Loop UDF, UDFCX 1L5DL 55.04
NRC Dark Fiber - Local Loop UDF, UDFCX UDFL4 751.34 193.88 356.21 230.11
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 47 of 348
CCCS 171 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
8XX ACCESS TEN DIGIT SCREENING
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Per Call OHD 0.0006252
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Reservation Charge Per 8XX
Number Reserved OHD N8R1X 4.15 0.70
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Per 8XX No. Established W/O
POTS Translations OHD 8.78 1.18 5.77 0.70
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Per 8XX No. Established With
POTS Translations OHD N8FTX 8.78 1.18 5.77 0.70
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Customized Area of Service
Per 8XX Number OHD N8FCX 4.15 2.07
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Multiple InterLATA CXR
Routing Per CXR Requested Per 8XX No. OHD N8FMX 4.85 2.78
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Change Charge Per Request OHD N8FAX 4.85 0.70
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, Call Handling and Destination
Features OHD N8FDX 4.15 4.15
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, w/ 8FL No. Delivery, per query OHD 0.0006252
8XX Access Ten Digit Screening, w/ POTS No. Delivery, per
query OHD 0.0006252
LINE INFORMATION DATA BASE ACCESS (LIDB)
LIDB Common Transport Per Query OQT 0.0000203
LIDB Validation Per Query OQU 0.0136959
LIDB Originating Point Code Establishment or Change OQT, OQU NRBPX 55.13 55.13 55.13 55.13
SIGNALING (CCS7)
CCS7 Signaling Termination, Per STP Port UDB PT8SX 135.05
CCS7 Signaling Usage, Per TCAP Message UDB 0.0000607
CCS7 Signaling Connection, Per link (A link) UDB TPP++ 17.93 43.57 43.57 18.31 18.31
CCS7 Signaling Connection, Per link (B link) (also known as D
link) UDB TPP++ 17.93 43.57 43.57 18.31 18.31
CCS7 Signaling Usage, Per ISUP Message UDB 0.0000152
CCS7 Signaling Usage Surrogate, per link per LATA UDB STU56 694.32
CCS7 Signaling Point Code, per Originating Point Code
Establishment or Change, per STP affected UDB CCAPO 46.03 46.03 46.03 46.03
E911 SERVICE
Local Channel - Dedicated - 2-wr Voice Grade - Zone 1 21.94 265.84 46.97 37.63 4.00
Local Channel - Dedicated - 2-wr Voice Grade - Zone 2 29.62 265.84 46.97 37.63 4.00
Local Channel - Dedicated - 2-wr Voice Grade - Zone 3 57.22 265.84 46.97 37.63 4.00
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2-wr Voice Grade Per Mile 0.0091
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2-wr Voice Grade Per Facility
Termination 25.32 47.35 31.78 18.31 7.03
Local Channel - Dedicated - DS1 - Zone 1 35.28 216.65 183.54 21.47 19.05
Local Channel - Dedicated - DS1 - Zone 2 47.63 216.65 183.54 21.47 19.05
Local Channel - Dedicated - DS1 - Zone 3 92.01 216.65 183.54 21.47 19.05
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 Per Mile 0.1856
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 Per Facility Termination 88.44 105.54 98.47 21.47 19.05
CALLING NAME (CNAM) SERVICE
CNAM For DB Owners - Service Establishment OQV 25.35 25.35 19.01 19.01
CNAM For Non DB Owners - Service Establishment OQV 25.35 25.35 19.01 19.01
CNAM For DB Owners - Service Provisioning With Point Code
Establishment OQV 1,592.00 1,177.00 352.36 259.09
CNAM For Non DB Owners - Service Provisioning With Point
Code Establishment OQV 546.51 393.82 358.06 259.09
CNAM for DB Owners, Per Query OQV 0.001024
CNAM for Non DB Owners, Per Query OQV 0.001024
SELECTIVE ROUTING
Selective Routing Per Unique Line Class Code Per Request Per
Switch 93.55 93.55 12.71 12.71
VIRTUAL COLLOCATION
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 48 of 348
CCCS 172 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Virtual Collocation-2 Wire Cross Connects (Loop) for Line
Splitting UEPSR UEPSB VE1LS 0.0502 11.57 11.57 0.00 0.00
PHYSICAL COLLOCATION
Physical Collocation-2 Wire Cross Connects (Loop) for Line
Splitting UEPSR UEPSB PE1LS 0.0276 8.22 7.22 5.74 4.58
AIN SELECTIVE CARRIER ROUTING
Regional Service Establishment SRC SRCEC 193,444.00 7,737.00
End Office Establishment SRC SRCEO 187.36 187.36 0.69 0.69
Query NRC, per query SRC 0.0031868
AIN - BELLSOUTH AIN SMS ACCESS SERVICE
AIN SMS Access Service - Service Establishment, Per State,
Initial Setup A1N CAMSE 43.56 43.56 44.93 44.93
AIN SMS Access Service - Port Connection - Dial/Shared Access A1N CAMDP 8.64 8.64 10.03 10.03
AIN SMS Access Service - Port Connection - ISDN Access A1N CAM1P 8.64 8.64 10.03 10.03
AIN SMS Access Service - User Identification Codes - Per User
ID Code A1N CAMAU 38.66 38.66 29.88 29.88
AIN SMS Access Service - Security Card, Per User ID Code,
Initial or Replacement A1N CAMRC 75.10 75.10 12.93 12.93
AIN SMS Access Service - Storage, Per Unit (100 Kilobytes) 0.0028
AIN SMS Access Service - Session, Per Minute 0.7809
AIN SMS Access Service - Company Performed Session, Per
Minute 0.4609
AIN - BELLSOUTH AIN TOOLKIT SERVICE
AIN Toolkit Service - Service Establishment Charge, Per State,
Initial Setup CAM BAPSC 43.56 43.56 44.93 44.93
AIN Toolkit Service - Training Session, Per Customer BAPVX 8,439.00 8,439.00
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, Term. Attempt BAPTT 8.64 8.64 10.03 10.03
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, Off-Hook Delay BAPTD 8.64 8.64 10.03 10.03
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, Off-Hook Immediate BAPTM 8.64 8.64 10.03 10.03
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, 10-Digit PODP BAPTO 38.06 38.06 15.86 15.86
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, CDP BAPTC 38.06 38.06 15.86 15.86
AIN Toolkit Service - Trigger Access Charge, Per Trigger, Per
DN, Feature Code BAPTF 38.06 38.06 15.86 15.86
AIN Toolkit Service - Query Charge, Per Query 0.0535927
AIN Toolkit Service - Type 1 Node Charge, Per AIN Toolkit
Subscription, Per Node, Per Query 0.0063698
AIN Toolkit Service - SCP Storage Charge, Per SMS Access
Account, Per 100 Kilobytes 0.06
AIN Toolkit Service - Monthly report - Per AIN Toolkit Service
Subscription CAM BAPMS 8.34 8.64 8.64 6.08 6.08
AIN Toolkit Service - Special Study - Per AIN Toolkit Service
Subscription CAM BAPLS 3.73 9.56 9.56
AIN Toolkit Service - Call Event Report - Per AIN Toolkit Service
Subscription CAM BAPDS 4.73 8.64 8.64 6.08 6.08
AIN Toolkit Service - Call Event Special Study - Per AIN Toolkit
Service Subscription CAM BAPES 0.12 9.56 9.56
ENHANCED EXTENDED LINK (EELs)
NOTE: The monthly recurring and non-recurring charges below will apply and the Switch-As-Is Charge will not apply for UNE combinations provisioned as ' Ordinarily Combined' Network Elements.
NOTE: The monthly recurring and the Switch-As-Is Charge and not the non-recurring charges below will apply for UNE combinations provisioned as ' Currently Combined' Network Elements.
EXTENTED 2-WIRE VOICE GRADE EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 2-Wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 12.24 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 2-Wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 17.40 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 2-Wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 30.87 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 49 of 348
CCCS 173 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Facility
Termination per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
1/0 Channelization System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
Voice Grade COCI - Per Month UNCVX 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop (SL 2) in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 12.24 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop (SL 2) in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 17.40 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop (SL 2) in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 30.87 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Voice Grade COCI - Per Month UNCVX 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE VOICE GRADE EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 18.89 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 26.84 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 47.62 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 - Facility Termination Per
Month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
Voice Grade COCI in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 18.89 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 26.84 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 47.62 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional Voice Grade COCI in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 56 KBPS EXTENDED DIGITAL LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 - combination Facility
Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
OCU-DP COCI (data) per month (2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional OCU-DP COCI (data) - in combination per month (2.4-
64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 50 of 348
CCCS 174 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 64 KBPS EXTENDED DIGITAL LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Facility
Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
OCU-DP COCI (data) - in combination - per month (2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional OCU-DP COCI (data) - in combination - per month
(2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 70.74 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 100.54 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 178.39 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Facility
Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS3 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First DS1Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 70.74 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
First DS1Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 100.54 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
First DS1Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 178.39 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS3 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNC3X 1L5XX 3.87
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS3 - Facility Termination per
month UNC3X U1TF3 1,071.00 314.45 130.88 38.60 18.23
3/1Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional DS1Loop in DS3 Interoffice Transport Combination -
Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 70.74 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Additional DS1Loop in DS3 Interoffice Transport Combination -
Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 100.54 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Additional DS1Loop in DS3 Interoffice Transport Combination -
Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 178.39 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Additoinal DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC3X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 2-WIRE VOICE GRADE EXTENDED LOOP/ 2 WIRE VOICE GRADE INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
2-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 12.24 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
2-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 17.40 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
2-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 30.87 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 51 of 348
CCCS 175 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Interoffice Transport - 2-wire VG - Dedicated- Per Mile Per
Month UNCVX 1L5XX 0.0091
Interoffice Transport - 2-wire VG - Dedicated - Facility
Termination per month UNCVX U1TV2 25.32 94.70 52.59 50.49 21.53
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCVX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE VOICE GRADE EXTENDED LOOP/ 4 WIRE VOICE GRADE INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
4-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 18.89 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
4-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 26.84 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
4-WireVG Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 47.62 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Interoffice Transport - 4-wire VG - Dedicated - Per Mile Per
Month UNCVX 1L5XX 0.0091
Interoffice Transport - 4-wire VG - Dedicated - Facility
Termination per month UNCVX U1TV4 22.58 94.70 52.59 50.49 21.53
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCVX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED DS3 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS3 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
DS3 Local Loop in combination - per mile per month UNC3X 1L5ND 10.92
DS3 Local Loop in combination - Facility Termination per month UNC3X UE3PX 386.88 249.97 162.05 67.10 26.82
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS3 - Per Mile per month UNC3X 1L5XX 3.87
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS3 combination - Facility
Termination per month UNC3X U1TF3 1,071.00 314.45 130.88 38.60 18.23
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC3X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED STS-1 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED STS-1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
STS-1 Local Lolp in combination - per mile per month UNCSX 1L5ND 10.92
STS-1 Local Loop in combination - Facility Termination per
month UNCSX UDLS1 426.60 249.97 162.05 67.10 26.82
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - STS-1 combination - per mile
per month UNCSX 1L5XX 3.87
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - STS-1 combination - Facility
Termination per month UNCSX U1TFS 1,056.00 314.45 130.88 38.60 18.23
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCSX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 2-WIRE ISDN EXTENDED LOOP WITH DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCNX U1L2X 19.28 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCNX U1L2X 27.40 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCNX U1L2X 48.62 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - per mile
per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Facility
Termination per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
1/0 Channel System in combination - per month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) - in combination - per month UNCNX UC1CA 3.66 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCNX U1L2X 19.28 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCNX U1L2X 27.40 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCNX U1L2X 48.62 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
Additional 2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) - in combination- per
month UNCNX UC1CA 3.66 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DEDICATED STS-1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First DS1 Loop Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 70.74 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
First DS1 Loop Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 100.54 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
First DS1 Loop Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 178.39 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 52 of 348
CCCS 176 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - STS-1 combination - Per Mile
Per Month UNCSX 1L5XX 3.87
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - STS-1 combination - Facility
Termination per month UNCSX U1TFS 1,056.00 314.45 130.88 38.60 18.23
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNCSX MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional DS1Loop in the same STS-1 Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 70.74 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Additional DS1Loop in the same STS-1 Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 100.54 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Additional DS1Loop in the same STS-1 Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 178.39 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCSX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 56 KBPS DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH 56 KBPS INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 4-wire 56 kbps combination -
Per Mile per month UNCDX 1L5XX 0.0091
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 4-wire 56 kbps combination -
Facility Termination per month UNCDX U1TD5 18.44 94.70 52.59 50.49 21.53
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCDX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 64 KBPS DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH 64 KBPS INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
4-wire 64 kbps Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
4-wire 64 kbps Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
4-wire 64 kbps Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 4-wire 64 kbps combination -
Per Mile per month UNCDX 1L5XX 0.0091
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 4-wire 64 kbps combination -
Facility Termination per month UNCDX U1TD6 18.44 94.70 52.59 50.49 21.53
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCDX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 2-wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 12.24 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 2-wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 17.40 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 2-wire VG Loop (SL2) in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 30.87 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination -
Facility Termination per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Per each DS1 Channelization System Per Month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
Per each Voice Grade COCI - Per Month per month UNCVX 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop(SL 2) in the same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL2 12.24 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop(SL2) in the same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL2 17.40 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Each Additional 2-Wire VG Loop(SL2) in the same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL2 30.87 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Each Additional Voice Grade COCI in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Each Additional DS1 COCI combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 53 of 348
CCCS 177 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 18.89 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 26.84 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 47.62 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 - Facility
Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Per each 1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
Per each Voice Grade COCI in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCVX UEAL4 18.89 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCVX UEAL4 26.84 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCVX UEAL4 47.62 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Additional Voice Grade COCI - in combination - per month UNCVX 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 56 KBPS DIGITAL LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Local Loop in Combination -
Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 - combination
Facility Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Per each 1/0 Channel System in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
Per each OCU-DP COCI (data) COCI per month (2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire 56Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
OCU-DP COCI (data) COCI in combination per month (2.4-
64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Each Additional DS1 COCI in the same 3/1 channel system
combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 54 of 348
CCCS 178 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 64 KBPS DIGITAL LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in a DS1 Interoffice
Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in a DS1 Interoffice
Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in a DS1 Interoffice
Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination -
Facility Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Per each Channel System 1/0 in combination Per Month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
Per each OCU-DP COCI (data) in combination - per month (2.4-
64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional 4-Wire 64Kbps Digital Grade Loop in same DS1
Interoffice Transport Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
Additional OCU-DP COCI (data) - DS1 to DS0 Channel System
combination - per month (2.4-64kbs) UNCDX 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Each Additional DS1 COCI in the same 3/1 channel system
combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 2-WIRE ISDN LOOP WITH DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in a DS1 Interoffice Combination
Transport - Zone 1 1 UNCNX U1L2X 19.28 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in a DS1 Interoffice Combination
Transport - Zone 2 2 UNCNX U1L2X 27.40 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
First 2-Wire ISDN Loop in a DS1 Interoffice Combination
Transport - Zone 3 3 UNCNX U1L2X 48.62 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination -
Facility Termination per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Per each Channel System 1/0 in combination - per month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
Per each 2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) in combination - per month UNCNX UC1CA 3.66 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
Per each DS1 COCI in combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 1 1 UNCNX U1L2X 19.28 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 2 2 UNCNX U1L2X 27.40 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
Additional 2-wire ISDN Loop in same DS1Interoffice Transport
Combination - Zone 3 3 UNCNX U1L2X 48.62 127.59 60.60 42.79 2.81
Additional 2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) in same 1/0 channel
system combination- per month UNCNX UC1CA 3.66 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 55 of 348
CCCS 179 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Each Additional DS1 COCI in the same 3/1 channel system
combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE DS1 LOOP WITH DEDICATED DS1 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT w/ 3/1 MUX
First 4-wire DS1 Digital Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 1 1 UNC1X USLXX 70.74 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
First 4-wire DS1 Digital Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 2 2 UNC1X USLXX 100.54 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
First 4-wire DS1 Digital Lcoal Loop in Combination - Zone 3 3 UNC1X USLXX 178.39 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination - Per
Mile Per Month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
First Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - DS1 combination -
Facility Termination Per Month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
3/1 Channel System in combination per month UNC3X MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
Per each DS1 COCI combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel per mile in same 3/1
Channel System per month UNC1X 1L5XX 0.1856
Each Additional DS1 Interoffice Channel Facility Termination in
same 3/1 Channel System per month UNC1X U1TF1 88.44 174.46 122.46 45.61 17.95
Each Additional DS1 COCI in the same 3/1 channel system
combination per month UNC1X UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Additional 4-Wire DS1 Digital Local Loop in Combination - Zone
1 1 UNC1X USLXX 70.74 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Additional 4-Wire DS1 Digital Local Loop in Combination - Zone
2 2 UNC1X USLXX 100.54 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Additional 4-Wire DS1 Digital Local Loop in Combination - Zone
3 3 UNC1X USLXX 178.39 217.75 121.62 51.44 14.45
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 56 KBPS DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DS0 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL56 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL56 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-wire 56 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL56 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-wiree 56 kbps Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - Per Mile
per month UNCDX 1L5XX 0.0091
First 4-wire 56 kbps Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - Facility
Termination per month UNCDX U1TD5 18.44 94.70 52.59 50.49 21.53
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCDX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
EXTENDED 4-WIRE 64 KBPS DIGITAL EXTENDED LOOP WITH DS0 INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
First 4-wire 64 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 1 1 UNCDX UDL64 22.20 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-wire 64 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 2 2 UNCDX UDL64 31.56 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First 4-wire 64 kbps Local Loop in combination - Zone 3 3 UNCDX UDL64 55.99 127.59 60.54 42.79 2.81
First I4-wire 65 kbps Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - Per Mile
per month UNCDX 1L5XX 0.0091
First 4-wire 64 kbps Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - Facility
Termination per month UNCDX U1TD6 18.44 94.70 52.59 50.49 21.53
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge UNCDX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
ADDITIONAL NETWORK ELEMENTS
When used as a part of a currently combined facility, the non-recurrng charges do not apply, but a Switch As Is charge does apply.
When used as ordinarily combined network elements in All States, the non-recurring charges apply and the Switch As Is Charge does not.
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements "Switch As Is" Charge (One applies to each combination)
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - 2 wire/4-Wire VG UNCVX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 56 of 348
CCCS 180 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - 56/64 kbps UNCDX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - DS1 UNC1X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - DS3 UNC3X UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
Nonrecurring Currently Combined Network Elements Switch -As-
Is Charge - STS1 UNCSX UNCCC 8.98 8.98 8.98 8.98
Optional Features & Functions:
U1TD1,
Clear Channel Capability Extended Frame Option - per DS1 I ULDD1,UNC1X CCOEF 0I 0I 0I 0I
U1TD1,
Clear Channel Capability Super FrameOption - per DS1 I ULDD1,UNC1X CCOSF 0I 0I 0I 0I
Clear Channel Capability (SF/ESF) Option - Subsequent ULDD1, U1TD1,
Activity - per DS1 I UNC1X, USL NRCCC 184.92S 23.82S 2.07S 0.8S
U1TD3, ULDD3,
C-bit Parity Option - Subsequent Activity - per DS3 i UE3, UNC3X NRCC3 219.09S 7.67S 0.773S 0S
MULTIPLEXERS
DS1 to DS0 Channel System per month UNC1X MQ1 146.77 101.42 71.62
OCU-DP COCI (data) - DS1 to DS0 Channel System - per
month (2.4-64kbs) used for a Local Loop UDL 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08
OCU-DP COCI (data) - DS1 to DS0 Channel System - per
month (2.4-64kbs) used for connection to a channelized DS1
Local Channel in the same SWC as collocation U1TUD 1D1DD 2.10 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) - DS1 to DS0 Channel Systsem - per
month for a Local Loop UDN UC1CA 3.66 10.07 7.08
2-wire ISDN COCI (BRITE) - DS1 to DS0 Channel Systsem - per
month used for connection to a channelized DS1 Local Channel
in the same SWC as collocation U1TUB UC1CA 3.66 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
Voice Grade COCI - DS1 to DS0 Channel System - per month
used for a Local Loop UEA 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08
Voice Grade COCI - DS1 to DS0 Channel System - per month
used for connection to a channelized DS1 Local Channel in the
same SWC as collocation U1TUC 1D1VG 1.38 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
DS3 to DS1 Channel System per month UNC3X MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
STS-1 to DS1 Channel System per month UNXCS MQ3 211.19 199.28 118.64 40.34 39.07
DS1 COCI used with Loop per month USL UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08
DS1 COCI (used for connection to a channelized DS1 Local
Channel in the same SWC as collocation) per month U1TUA UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
DS1 COCI used with Interoffice Channel per month U1TD1 UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
DS3 Interface Unit (DS1 COCI) used with Local Channel per
month ULDD1 UC1D1 13.76 10.07 7.08 0.00 0.00
UNBUNDLED LOCAL EXCHANGE SWITCHING(PORTS)
Exchange Ports
NOTE: Although the Port Rate includes all available features in GA, KY, LA & TN, the desired features will need to be ordered using retail USOCs
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LINE PORT RATES (RES)
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port- Res. UEPSR UEPRL 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port with Caller ID - Res. UEPSR UEPRC 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port outgoing only - Res. UEPSR UEPRO 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled Florida area calling with
Caller ID - Res. UEPSR UEPAF 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled Florida Residence Area
Calling Plan, without Caller ID capability UEPSR UEPA9 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled Florida extended
dialing port for use with CREX7 and Caller ID UEPSR UEPA1 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled Florida extended
dialing port for use with CREX7, without Caller ID capability UEPSR UEPA8 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 57 of 348
CCCS 181 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled res, low usage line port
with Caller ID (LUM) UEPSR UEPAP 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
2-Wire voice unbundled Low Usage Line Port without Caller ID
Capability UEPSR UEPRT 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Subsequent Activity UEPSR USASC 0.00 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Available Vertical Features UEPSR UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LINE PORT RATES (BUS)
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port without Caller ID -
Bus UEPSB UEPBL 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled Line Port with
unbundled port with Caller+E484 ID - Bus. UEPSB UEPBC 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire Analog Line Port outgoing only - Bus. UEPSB UEPBO 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Exhange Ports - 2-Wire VG unbundled incoming only port with
Caller ID - Bus UEPSB UEPB1 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
2-Wire voice unbundled Incoming Only Port without Caller ID
Capability UEPSB UEPBE 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Subsequent Activity UEPSB USASC 0.00 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Available Vertical Features UEPSB UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
EXCHANGE PORT RATES (DID & PBX)
2-Wire VG Unbundled 2-Way PBX Trunk - Res UEPSE UEPRD 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire VG Line Side Unbundled 2-Way PBX Trunk - Bus UEPSP UEPPC 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire VG Line Side Unbundled Outward PBX Trunk - Bus UEPSP UEPPO 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire VG Line Side Unbundled Incoming PBX Trunk - Bus UEPSP UEPP1 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Analog Long Distance Terminal PBX Trunk - Bus UEPSP UEPLD 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Ports UEPSP UEPLD 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Vice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Usage Port UEPSP UEPXA 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX Toll Terminal Hotel Ports UEPSP UEPXB 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD DDD Terminals Port UEPSP UEPXC 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard Port UEPSP UEPXD 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard IDD
Capable Port UEPSP UEPXE 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Administrative Calling Port UEPSP UEPXL 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Room Calling Port UEPSP UEPXM 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Hotel/Hospital
Discount Room Calling Port UEPSP UEPXO 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Measured Port UEPSP UEPXS 1.40 39.06 18.18 12.35 0.7187
Subsequent Activity UEPSP USASC 0.00 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Available Vertical Features UEPSP UEPSE UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
EXCHANGE PORT RATES (COIN)
Exchange Ports - Coin Port 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
NOTE: Transmission/usage charges associated with POTS circuit switched usage will also apply to circuit switched voice and/or circuit switched data transmission by B-Channels associated with 2-wire ISDN ports.
NOTE: Access to B Channel or D Channel Packet capabilities will be available only through BFR/New Business Request Process. Rates for the packet capabilities will be determined via the Bona Fide Request/New Business Request Process.
UNBUNDLED LOCAL EXCHANGE SWITCHING(PORTS)
EXCHANGE PORT RATES
The DS1 Port rates below for 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port and 4-Wire ISDN Port in this rate exhibit apply to the embedded base in place as of 10/2/03 until 4/1/04. After 4/1/04 these rates shall revert to tariff rates or a separate agreement.
Requests for 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Ports with 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Ports after the effective date of this amendment shall be provided pursuant to a separate agreement or tariff at BellSouth's discretion.
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire DID Port UEPEX UEPP2 8.73 78.41 15.82 41.94 4.26
Exchange Ports - DDITS Port - 4-Wire DS1 Port with DID
capability (E:4/1/2004) UEPDD UEPDD 54.95 151.11 77.75 48.81 3.10
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire ISDN Port (See Notes below.) UEPTX, UEPSX U1PMA 8.83 46.83 50.68 27.64 11.93
All Features Offered UEPTX, UEPSX UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire ISDN Port -- Channel Profiles UEPTX, UEPSX U1UMA 0.00 0.00 0.00
NOTE: Access to B Channel or D Channel Packet capabilities will be available only through BFR/New Business Request Process. Rates for the packet capabilities will be determined via the Bona Fide Request/New Business Request Process.
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 58 of 348
CCCS 182 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
NOTE: Access to B Channel or D Channel Packet capabilities will be available only through BFR/New Business Request Process. Rates for the packet capabilities will be determined via the Bona Fide Request/New Business Request Process.
EXCHANGE PORT RATES (continued)
Exchange Ports - 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port with Detailed E911
Locator Capability (E:4/1/2004) UEPEX UEPEX 82.74 174.61 95.17 49.80 18.23
Exchange Ports - 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port (E:4/1/2004) UEPDX UEPDX 82.74 174.61 95.17 49.80 18.23
Physical Collocation - DS1 Cross-Connects UEPEX UEPDX PE1P1 1.32 27.77 15.52 5.93 4.77
Virtual collocation - Special Access & UNE, cross-connect per
DS1 UEPEX UEPDX CNC1X 7.50 155.00 14.00
Detailed E911 with Locator Capability (required with UEPEX port)
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - E911
Locator Capability - Initial Profile Establishment per CLEC per
State UEPEX UEP1A 0.00 1,809.00 151.12
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - E911
Locator Capability - Subsequent Profile Changes, Additions,
Deletions UEPEX UEP1B 0.00 175.66
New or Additional PRI Telephone Numbers
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - E911
Locator Capability 2-way Telephone Numbers, per number in
E911 profile [New or Additional] UEPEX UEP1C 0.0699 0.5412
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - E911
Locator Capability - Outdial Telephone Numbers, per number in
E911 profile [New or Additional] UEPEX UEP1D 0.0699 12.71 12.71
Unbundled Exchange Ports, 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - Inward
Telephone Numbers - Inward Data Only Option [New or
Additional] UEPDX UEP1E 0.00 0.5412
Exchange Ports - 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port - Subsequent [New]
Inward Tel Numbers [Customer Testing Purposes] UEPEX PR7ZT 0.00 25.42 25.42
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPEX UEPDX LNPCN 1.75
INTERFACE (Provsioning Only)
Voice/Data UEPEX PR71V 0.00 0.00 0.00
Digital Data UEPEX PR71D 0.00 0.00 0.00
Inward Data UEPDX PR71E 0.00 0.00 0.00
New or Additional Channel
New or Additional - Voice/Data "B" Channel UEPEX PR7BV 0.00 15.48
New or Additional - Digital Data "B" Channel UEPEX PR7BF 0.00 15.48
New or Additional Inward Data "B" Channel UEPDX PR7BD 0.00 15.48
New or Additional Useage Sensitive Voice Data "B" Channel UEPEX PR7BS 0.00
New or Additional Useage Sensitive Digital Data "B" Channel UEPEX PR7BU 0.00
New or Additional PRI "D" Channel UEPEX PR7EX 0.00 15.48
CALL TYPES
Inward UEPEX UEPDX PR7C1 0.00 0.00 0.00
Outward UEPEX PR7CO 0.00 0.00 0.00
Two-way UEPEX PR7CC 0.00 0.00 0.00
UNBUNDLED PORT with REMOTE CALL FORWARDING CAPABILITY
UNBUNDLED REMOTE CALL FORWARDING SERVICE - RESIDENCE
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, Area Calling, Res UEPVR UERAC 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, Local Calling - Res UEPVR UERLC 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, InterLATA - Res UEPVR UERTE 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, IntraLATA - Res UEPVR UERTR 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Non-Recurring
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPVR USAC2 0.102 0.102
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service - Conversion with
allowed change (PIC and LPIC) UEPVR USACC 0.102 0.102
UNBUNDLED REMOTE CALL FORWARDING - Bus
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, Area Calling - Bus UEPVB UERAC 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 59 of 348
CCCS 183 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, Local Calling - Bus UEPVB UERLC 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, InterLATA - Bus UEPVB UERTE 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service, IntraLATA - Bus UEPVB UERTR 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service Expanded and
Exception Local Calling UEPVB UERVJ 1.40 3.74 3.63 1.88 1.80
Non-Recurring
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPVB USAC2 0.102 0.102
Unbundled Remote Call Forwarding Service - Conversion with
allowed change (PIC and LPIC) UEPVB USACC 0.102 0.102
UNBUNDLED LOCAL SWITCHING, PORT USAGE
End Office Switching (Port Usage)
End Office Switching Function, Per MOU 0.0007662
End Office Trunk Port - Shared, Per MOU 0.000164
Tandem Switching (Port Usage) (Local or Access Tandem)
Tandem Switching Function Per MOU 0.0001319
Tandem Trunk Port - Shared, Per MOU 0.000235
Tandem Switching Function Per MOU (Melded) 0.000027185
Tandem Trunk Port - Shared, Per MOU (Melded) 0.000048434
Melded Factor: 20.61% of the Tandem Rate
Common Transport
Common Transport - Per Mile, Per MOU 0.0000035
Common Transport - Facilities Termination Per MOU 0.0004372
UNBUNDLED PORT/LOOP COMBINATIONS - COST BASED RATES
Cost Based Rates are applied where BellSouth is required by FCC and/or State Commission rule to provide Unbundled Local Switching or Switch Ports.
Features shall apply to the Unbundled Port/Loop Combination - Cost Based Rate section in the same manner as they are applied to the Stand-Alone Unbundled Port section of this Rate Exhibit.
End Office and Tandem Switching Usage and Common Transport Usage rates in the Port section of this rate exhibit shall apply to all combinations of loop/port network elements except for UNE Coin Port/Loop Combinations.
The first and additional Port nonrecurring charges apply to Not Currently Combined Combos. For Currently Combined Combos the nonrecurring charges shall be those identified in the Nonrecurring - Currently Combined sections.
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE LINE PORT (RES)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 10.94
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 15.05
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 25.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 1 1 UEPRX UEPLX 9.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 2 2 UEPRX UEPLX 13.88
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 3 3 UEPRX UEPLX 24.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (Res)
2-Wire voice unbundled port - residence UEPRX UEPRL 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled port with Caller ID - res UEPRX UEPRC 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled port outgoing only - res UEPRX UEPRO 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled Florida Area Calling with Caller ID - res UEPRX UEPAF 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundles res, low usage line port with Caller ID
(LUM) UEPRX UEPAP 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled Florida extended dialing with Caller ID UEPRX UEPA1 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled Florida extended dialing port without
Caller ID capability UEPRX UEPA8 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled Florida Area Calling Port without Caller
ID Capability UEPRX UEPA9 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled Low Usage Line Port without Caller ID
Capability UEPRX UEPRT 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPRX UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPRX LNPCX 0.35
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 60 of 348
CCCS 184 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPRX USAC2 0.102 0.102
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch with change UEPRX USACC 0.102 0.102
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/Line Port Combination - Subsequent
Activity UEPRX USAS2 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPRX URETL 8.33 0.83
OFF/ON PREMISES EXTENSION CHANNELS
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 1 UEPRX UEAEN 10.69 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 2 UEPRX UEAEN 15.20 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 3 UEPRX UEAEN 26.97 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 1 UEPRX UEAED 12.24 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 2 UEPRX UEAED 17.40 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 3 UEPRX UEAED 30.87 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPRX U1TV2 25.32 47.35 31.78
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPRX U1TVM 0.0091 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE LINE PORT (BUS)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 10.94
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 15.05
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 25.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 1 1 UEPBX UEPLX 9.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 2 2 UEPBX UEPLX 13.88
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 3 3 UEPBX UEPLX 24.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port (Bus)
2-Wire voice unbundled port without Caller ID - bus UEPBX UEPBL 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled port with Caller + E484 ID - bus UEPBX UEPBC 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled port outgoing only - bus UEPBX UEPBO 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled incoming only port with Caller ID - Bus UEPBX UEPB1 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire voice unbundled Incoming Only Port without Caller ID
Capability UEPBX UEPBE 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPBX LNPCX 0.35
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPBX UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPBX USAC2 0.102 0.102
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch with change UEPBX USACC 0.102 0.102
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/Line Port Combination - Subsequent
Activity UEPBX USAS2 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPBX URETL 8.33 0.83
OFF/ON PREMISES EXTENSION CHANNELS
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 1 UEPBX UEAEN 10.69 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 2 UEPBX UEAEN 15.20 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Non-Design 3 UEPBX UEAEN 26.97 49.57 22.83 25.62 6.57
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 1 UEPBX UEAED 12.24 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 2 UEPBX UEAED 17.40 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
2 Wire Analog Voice Grade Extension Loop – Design 3 UEPBX UEAED 30.87 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 61 of 348
CCCS 185 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPBX U1TV2 25.32 47.35 31.78
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPBX U1TVM 0.0091 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE LINE PORT (RES - PBX)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 10.94
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 15.05
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 25.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEPRG UEPLX 9.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEPRG UEPLX 13.88
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEPRG UEPLX 24.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (RES - PBX)
2-Wire VG Unbundled Combination 2-Way PBX Trunk Port -
Res UEPRG UEPRD 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPRG LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPRG UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Conversion - Switch-As-Is UEPRG USAC2 8.45 1.91
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Conversion - Switch with Change UEPRG USACC 8.45 1.91
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Subsequent Activity UEPRG USAS2 0.00 0.00 0.00
PBX Subsequent Activity - Change/Rearrange Multiline Hunt
Group 7.86 7.86
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPRG URETL 8.33 0.83
OFF/ON PREMISES EXTENSION CHANNELS
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 1 UEPRG P2JHX 12.24 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 2 UEPRG P2JHX 17.40 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 3 UEPRG P2JHX 30.87 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 1 UEPRG SDD2X 12.92 120.38 43.56 95.00 10.54
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 2 UEPRG SDD2X 18.36 120.38 43.56 95.00 10.54
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 3 UEPRG SDD2X 32.58 120.38 43.56 95.00 10.54
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPRG U1TV2 25.32 47.35 31.78
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPRG U1TVM 0.0091 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE LINE PORT (BUS - PBX)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 10.94
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 15.05
2-Wire VG Loop/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 25.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEPPX UEPLX 9.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEPPX UEPLX 13.88
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEPPX UEPLX 24.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (BUS - PBX)
Line Side Unbundled Combination 2-Way PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPPX UEPPC 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
Line Side Unbundled Outward PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPPX UEPPO 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
Line Side Unbundled Incoming PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPPX UEPP1 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Ports UEPPX UEPLD 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 62 of 348
CCCS 186 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way Combination PBX Usage Port UEPPX UEPXA 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX Toll Terminal Hotel Ports UEPPX UEPXB 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD DDD Terminals Port UEPPX UEPXC 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard Port UEPPX UEPXD 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard IDD
Capable Port UEPPX UEPXE 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Administrative Calling Port UEPPX UEPXL 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Room Calling Port UEPPX UEPXM 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Hotel/Hospital
Discount Room Calling Port UEPPX UEPXO 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Measured Port UEPPX UEPXS 1.17 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPPX LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPPX UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Conversion - Switch-As-Is UEPPX USAC2 8.45 1.91
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Conversion - Switch with Change UEPPX USACC 8.45 1.91
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/ Line Port Combination (PBX) -
Subsequent Activity UEPPX USAS2 0.00 0.00 0.00
PBX Subsequent Activity - Change/Rearrange Multiline Hunt
Group 7.86 7.86
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPPX URETL 8.33 0.83
OFF/ON PREMISES EXTENSION CHANNELS
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 1 UEPPX P2JHX 12.24 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 2 UEPPX P2JHX 17.40 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
Local Channel Voice grade, per termination 3 UEPPX P2JHX 30.87 135.75 82.47 63.53 12.01
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 1 UEPPX SDD2X 12.92 120.38 43.56 95.00 10.54
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 2 UEPPX SDD2X 18.36 120.38 43.56 95.00 10.54
Non-Wire Direct Serve Channel Voice Grade 3 UEPPX SDD2X 32.58 120.38 43.56 95.00 10.54
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPPX U1TV2 25.32 47.35 31.78
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPPX U1TVM 0.0091 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE ANALOG LINE COIN PORT
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Coin Port/Loop Combo – Zone 1 1 10.94
2-Wire VG Coin Port/Loop Combo – Zone 2 2 15.05
2-Wire VG Coin Port/Loop Combo – Zone 3 3 25.80
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 1 1 UEPCO UEPLX 9.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 2 2 UEPCO UEPLX 13.88
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL1) - Zone 3 3 UEPCO UEPLX 24.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Ports (COIN)
2-Wire Coin 2-Way with Operator Screening and Blocking: 011,
900/976, 1+DDD (FL) UEPCO UEP2F 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Coin 2-Way with Operator Screening and 011 Blocking
(FL) UEPCO UEPFA 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Coin 2-Way with Operator Screening and Blocking:
900/976, 1+DDD, 011+, and Local (FL) UEPCO UEPCG 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Coin Outward with Operator Screening and 011 Blocking
(AL, FL) UEPCO UEPRK 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 63 of 348
CCCS 187 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Coin Outward with Operator Screening and Blocking:
900/976, 1+DDD, 011+ (FL) UEPCO UEPOF 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Coin Outward with Operator Screening and Blocking:
900/976, 1+DDD, 011+, and Local (FL, GA) UEPCO UEPCQ 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire 2-Way Smartline with 900/976 (all states except LA) UEPCO UEPCK 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Coin Outward Smartline with 900/976 (all states except
LA) UEPCO UEPCR 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
ADDITIONAL UNE COIN PORT/LOOP (RC)
UNE Coin Port/Loop Combo Usage (Flat Rate) UEPCO URECU 1.86 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPCO LNPCX 0.35
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch-as-is UEPCO USAC2 0.102 0.102
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / Line Port Combination - Conversion -
Switch with change UEPCO USACC 0.102 0.102
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop/Line Port Combination - Subsequent
Activity UEPCO USAS2 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPCO URETL 8.33 0.83
2-WIRE VOICE LOOP/ 2WIRE VOICE GRADE IO TRANSPORT/ 2-WIRE LINE PORT (RES)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 13.64
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 18.80
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 32.27
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 1 1 UEPFR UECF2 12.24
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 2 2 UEPFR UECF2 17.40
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 3 3 UEPFR UECF2 30.87
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (Res)
2-Wire voice unbundled port - residence UEPFR UEPRL 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire voice unbundled port with Caller ID - res UEPFR UEPRC 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire voice unbundled port outgoing only - res UEPFR UEPRO 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire voice unbundled Florida Area Calling with Caller ID - res UEPFR UEPAF 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire voice unbundles res, low usage line port with Caller ID
(LUM) UEPFR UEPAP 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPFR U1TV2 25.32 47.35 31.78
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPFR 1L5XX 0.0091
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPFR UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPFR LNPCX 0.35
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch-as-is UEPFR USAC2 16.97 3.73
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch-With-Change UEPFR USACC 16.97 3.73
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPFR URETN 11.21 1.10
2-WIRE VOICE LOOP/ 2WIRE VOICE GRADE IO TRANSPORT/ 2-WIRE LINE PORT (BUS)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 13.64
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 18.80
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 32.27
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 64 of 348
CCCS 188 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 1 1 UEPFB UECF2 12.24
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 2 2 UEPFB UECF2 17.40
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 3 3 UEPFB UECF2 30.87
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port (Bus)
2-Wire voice unbundled port without Caller ID - bus UEPFB UEPBL 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire voice unbundled port with Caller + E484 ID - bus UEPFB UEPBC 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire voice unbundled port outgoing only - bus UEPFB UEPBO 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire voice unbundled incoming only port with Caller ID - Bus UEPFB UEPB1 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPFB LNPCX 0.35
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPFB U1TV2 25.32 47.35 31.78
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPFB 1L5XX 0.0091
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPFB UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch-as-is UEPFB USAC2 16.97 3.73
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch with change UEPFB USACC 16.97 3.73
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPFB URETN 11.21 1.10
2-WIRE VOICE LOOP/ 2WIRE VOICE GRADE IO TRANSPORT/ 2-WIRE LINE PORT (PBX)
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 1 1 13.64
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 2 2 18.80
2-Wire VG Loop/IO Tranport/Port Combo - Zone 3 3 32.27
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 1 1 UEPFP UECF2 12.24
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 2 2 UEPFP UECF2 17.40
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL2) - Zone 3 3 UEPFP UECF2 30.87
2-Wire Voice Grade Line Port Rates (BUS - PBX)
Line Side Unbundled Combination 2-Way PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPFP UEPPC 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
Line Side Unbundled Outward PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPFP UEPPO 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
Line Side Unbundled Incoming PBX Trunk Port - Bus UEPFP UEPP1 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Ports UEPFP UEPLD 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way Combination PBX Usage Port UEPFP UEPXA 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX Toll Terminal Hotel Ports UEPFP UEPXB 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD DDD Terminals Port UEPFP UEPXC 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard Port UEPFP UEPXD 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled PBX LD Terminal Switchboard IDD
Capable Port UEPFP UEPXE 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Administrative Calling Port UEPFP UEPXL 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 2-Way PBX Hotel/Hospital Economy
Room Calling Port UEPFP UEPXM 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Hotel/Hospital
Discount Room Calling Port UEPFP UEPXO 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
2-Wire Voice Unbundled 1-Way Outgoing PBX Measured Port UEPFP UEPXS 1.40 174.81 100.65 75.88 12.73
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPFP LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
INTEROFFICE TRANSPORT
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Facility
Termination UEPFP U1TV2 25.32 47.35 31.78
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 65 of 348
CCCS 189 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Interoffice Transport - Dedicated - 2 Wire Voice Grade - Per Mile
or Fraction Mile UEPFP 1L5XX 0.0091
FEATURES
All Features Offered UEPFP UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
NONRECURRING CHARGES (NRCs) - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch-as-is UEPFP USAC2 16.97 3.73
2-Wire Loop / Dedicated IO Transport / 2 Wire Line Port
Combination - Conversion - Switch with change UEPFP USACC 16.97 3.73
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPFP URETN 11.21 1.10
UNBUNDLED PORT/LOOP COMBINATIONS - COST BASED RATES
2-WIRE VOICE GRADE LOOP- BUS ONLY - WITH 2-WIRE DID TRUNK PORT
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire DID Trunk Port Combo - UNE Zone 1 1 20.95
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire DID Trunk Port Combo - UNE Zone 2 2 26.11
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire DID Trunk Port Combo - UNE Zone 3 3 39.58
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - (SL2) - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPPX UECD1 12.24
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - (SL2) - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPPX UECD1 17.40
2-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop - (SL2) - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPPX UECD1 30.87
UNE Port Rate
Exchange Ports - 2-Wire DID Port UEPPX UEPD1 8.71 214.16 98.29
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / 2-Wire DID Trunk Port Combination -
Switch-as-is UEPPX USAC1 7.85 1.87
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop / 2-Wire DID Trunk Port Conversion
with BellSouth Allowable Changes UEPPX USA1C 7.85 1.87
ADDITIONAL NRCs
2-Wire DID Subsequent Activity - Add Trunks, Per Trunk UEPPX USAS1 32.26 32.26
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPPX URETN 11.21 1.10
Telephone Number/Trunk Group Establisment Charges
DID Trunk Termination (One Per Port) UEPPX NDT 0.00 0.00 0.00
DID Numbers, Establish Trunk Group and Provide First Group
of 20 DID Numbers UEPPX NDZ 0.00 0.00 0.00
Additional DID Numbers for each Group of 20 DID Numbers UEPPX ND4 0.00 0.00 0.00
DID Numbers, Non- consecutive DID Numbers , Per Number UEPPX ND5 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve Non-Consecutive DID numbers UEPPX ND6 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve DID Numbers UEPPX NDV 0.00 0.00 0.00
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPPX LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
2-WIRE ISDN DIGITAL GRADE LOOP WITH 2-WIRE ISDN DIGITAL LINE SIDE PORT
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
2W ISDN Digital Grade Loop/2W ISDN Digital Line Side Port -
UNE Zone 1 1 UEPPB UEPPR 22.63
2W ISDN Digital Grade Loop/2W ISDN Digital Line Side Port -
UNE Zone 2 2 UEPPB UEPPR 29.05
2W ISDN Digital Grade Loop/2W ISDN Digital Line Side Port -
UNE Zone 3 3 UEPPB UEPPR 45.84
UNE Loop Rates
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPPB UEPPR USL2X 15.25
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPPB UEPPR USL2X 21.67
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPPB UEPPR USL2X 38.46
UNE Port Rate
Exchange Port - 2-Wire ISDN Line Side Port UEPPB UEPPR UEPPB 7.38 194.52 145.09
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 66 of 348
CCCS 190 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop / 2-Wire ISDN Line Side Port
Combination - Conversion UEPPB UEPPR USACB 0.00 25.22 17.00
ADDITIONAL NRCs
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Designed Loop at
End User Premise UEPPB UEPPR URETN 11.21 1.10
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End User
Premise UEPPB UEPPR URETL 8.33 0.83
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPPB UEPPR LNPCX 0.35 0.00 0.00
B-CHANNEL USER PROFILE ACCESS:
CVS/CSD (DMS/5ESS) UEPPB UEPPR U1UCA 0.00 0.00 0.00
CVS (EWSD) UEPPB UEPPR U1UCB 0.00 0.00 0.00
CSD UEPPB UEPPR U1UCC 0.00 0.00 0.00
B-CHANNEL AREA PLUS USER PROFILE ACCESS: (AL,KY,LA,MS SC,MS, & TN)
USER TERMINAL PROFILE
User Terminal Profile (EWSD only) UEPPB UEPPR U1UMA 0.00 0.00 0.00
VERTICAL FEATURES
All Vertical Features - One per Channel B User Profile UEPPB UEPPR UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
INTEROFFICE CHANNEL MILEAGE
Interoffice Channel mileage each, including first mile and
facilities termination UEPPB UEPPR M1GNC 25.3291 47.35 31.78 18.31 7.03
Interoffice Channel mileage each, additional mile UEPPB UEPPR M1GNM 0.0091 0.00 0.00
4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL LOOP WITH 4-WIRE ISDN DS1 DIGITAL TRUNK PORT
The UNE-P DS1 combination rates below for in this rate exhibit apply to the embedded base in place as of 10/2/03 until 4/1/04. After 4/1/04 these rates shall revert to tariff rates or a separate commercial agreement.
Requests for 4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop with 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port after the effective date of this amendment shall be provided pursuant to a separate agreement or tariff at BellSouth's discretion.
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port - UNE
Zone 1 1 UEPPP 153.48
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port - UNE
Zone 2 2 UEPPP 183.28
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port - UNE
Zone 3 3 UEPPP 261.12
UNE Loop Rates
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPPP USL4P 70.74
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPPP USL4P 100.54
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPPP USL4P 178.38
UNE Port Rate
Exchange Ports - 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Port (E:4/1/2004) UEPPP UEPPP 82.74 488.36 276.65
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop / 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port
Combination - Conversion -Switch-as-is (E:4/1/2004) UEPPP USACP 0.00 84.17 61.38
ADDITIONAL NRCs
4-Wire DS1 Loop/4-W ISDN Digtl Trk Port - Subsqt Actvy-
Inward/two way Tel Nos. (except NC) UEPPP PR7TF 0.5412
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Digital Trunk Port -
Outward Tel Numbers (All States except NC) UEPPP PR7TO 12.71 12.71
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire ISDN DS1 Digital Trk Port -
Subsequent Inward Tel Numbers UEPPP PR7ZT 25.42 25.42
LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEPPP LNPCN 1.75
INTERFACE (Provsioning Only)
Voice/Data UEPPP PR71V 0.00 0.00 0.00
Digital Data UEPPP PR71D 0.00 0.00 0.00
Inward Data UEPPP PR71E 0.00 0.00 0.00
New or Additional "B" Channel
New or Additional - Voice/Data B Channel UEPPP PR7BV 0.00 15.48
New or Additional - Digital Data B Channel UEPPP PR7BF 0.00 15.48
New or Additional Inward Data B Channel UEPPP PR7BD 0.00 15.48
CALL TYPES
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 67 of 348
CCCS 191 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Inward UEPPP PR7C1 0.00 0.00 0.00
Outward UEPPP PR7CO 0.00 0.00 0.00
Two-way UEPPP PR7CC 0.00 0.00 0.00
Interoffice Channel Mileage
Fixed Each Including First Mile UEPPP 1LN1A 88.6256 105.54 98.47 21.47 19.05
Each Airline-Fractional Additional Mile UEPPP 1LN1B 0.1856
4-WIRE DS1 DIGITAL LOOP WITH 4-WIRE DDITS TRUNK PORT
The UNE-P DS1 combination rates below for in this rate exhibit apply to the embedded base in place as of 10/2/03 until 4/1/04. After 4/1/04 these rates shall revert to tariff rates or a separate commercial agreement.
Requests for 4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop with 4-Wire DDITS after the effective date of this amendment shall be provided pursuant to a separate agreement or tariff at BellSouth's discretion.
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W DDITS Trunk Port - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPDC 125.69
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W DDITS Trunk Port - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPDC 155.49
4W DS1 Digital Loop/4W DDITS Trunk Port - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPDC 233.33
UNE Loop Rates
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPDC USLDC 70.74
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPDC USLDC 100.54
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPDC USLDC 178.38
UNE Port Rate
4-Wire DDITS Digital Trunk Port (E:4/1/2004) UEPDC UDD1T 54.95 464.86 259.23
NONRECURRING CHARGES - CURRENTLY COMBINED
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port Combination
- Switch-as-is (E:4/1/2004) UEPDC USAC4 95.31 46.71
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port Combination
- Conversion with DS1 Changes (E:4/1/2004) UEPDC USAWA 95.31 46.71
4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port Combination
- Conversion with Change - Trunk (E:4/1/2004) UEPDC USAWB 95.31 46.71
ADDITIONAL NRCs
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - NRC -
Subsequent Channel Activation/Chan - 2-Way Trunk UEPDC UDTTA 15.69 15.69
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - Subsequent
Channel Activation/Chan - 1-Way Outward Trunk UEPDC UDTTB 15.69 15.69
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - Subsqnt Channel
Activation/Chan Inward Trunk w/out DID UEPDC UDTTC 15.69 15.69
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - Subsqnt Chan
Activation Per Chan - Inward Trunk with DID UEPDC UDTTD 15.69 15.69
4-Wire DS1 Loop / 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port - Subsqnt Chan
Activation / Chan - 2-Way DID w User Trans UEPDC UDTTE 15.69 15.69
BIPOLAR 8 ZERO SUBSTITUTION
B8ZS -Superframe Format UEPDC CCOSF 0.00i 655.00s
B8ZS - Extended Superframe Format UEPDC CCOEF 0.00i 655.00s
Alternate Mark Inversion
AMI -Superframe Format UEPDC MCOSF 0.00 0.00
AMI - Extended SuperFrame Format UEPDC MCOPO 0.00 0.00
Telephone Number/Trunk Group Establisment Charges
Telephone Number for 2-Way Trunk Group UEPDC UDTGX 0.00
Telephone Number for 1-Way Outward Trunk Group UEPDC UDTGY 0.00
Telephone Number for 1-Way Inward Trunk Group Without DID UEPDC UDTGZ 0.00
DID Numbers, Establish Trunk Group and Provide First Group
of 20 DID Numbers UEPDC NDZ 0.00 0.00 0.00
DID Numbers for each Group of 20 DID Numbers UEPDC ND4 0.00
DID Numbers, Non- consecutive DID Numbers , Per Number UEPDC ND5 0.00
Reserve Non-Consecutive DID Nos. UEPDC ND6 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve DID Numbers UEPDC NDV 0.00 0.00 0.00
Dedicated DS1 (Interoffice Channel Mileage) - FX/FCO for 4-Wire DS1 Digital Loop with 4-Wire DDITS Trunk Port
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Fixed rate 0-8 miles (Facilities
Termination) UEPDC 1LNO1 88.44 105.54 98.47 21.47 19.05
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Additional rate per mile - 0-8 miles UEPDC 1LNOA 0.1856 0.00 0.00
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 68 of 348
CCCS 192 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Fixed rate 9-25 miles (Facilities
Termination) UEPDC 1LNO2 0.00 0.00 0.00
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Additional rate per mile - 9-25
miles UEPDC 1LNOB 0.1856 0.00 0.00
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Fixed rate 25+ miles (Facilities
Termination) UEPDC 1LNO3 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Interoffice Channel Mileage - Additional rate per mile - 25+ miles UEPDC 1LNOC 0.1856 0.00 0.00
Local Number Portability, per DS0 Activated UEPDC LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00 0.00
Central Office Termininating Point UEPDC CTG 0.00
4-WIRE DS1 LOOP WITH CHANNELIZATION WITH PORT
System is 1 DS1 Loop, 1 D4 Channel Bank, and up to 24 Feature Activations
Each System can have up to 24 combinations of rates depending on type and number of ports used
The UNE-P DS1 combination rates below for 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channelization with Port in this rate exhibit apply to the embedded base in place as of 10/2/03 until 4/1/04. After 4/1/04 these rates shall revert to tariff rates or a separate agreement.
Requests for 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channelization with Port after the effective date of this amendment shall be provided pursuant to a separate agreement or tariff at BellSouth's discretion.
UNE DS1 Loop
4-Wire DS1 Loop - UNE Zone 1 1 UEPMG USLDC 70.74 0.00 0.00
4-Wire DS1 Loop - UNE Zone 2 2 UEPMG USLDC 100.54 0.00 0.00
4-Wire DS1 Loop - UNE Zone 3 3 UEPMG USLDC 178.38 0.00 0.00
UNE DSO Channelization Capacities (D4 Channel Bank Configurations)
24 DSO Channel Capacity - 1 per DS1 UEPMG VUM24 118.06 0.00 0.00
48 DSO Channel Capacity - 1 per 2 DS1s UEPMG VUM48 236.12 0.00 0.00
96 DSO Channel Capacity -1per 4 DS1s UEPMG VUM96 472.24 0.00 0.00
144 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 6 DS1s UEPMG VUM14 708.36 0.00 0.00
192 DS0 Channel Capacity -1 per 8 DS1s UEPMG VUM19 944.48 0.00 0.00
240 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 10 DS1s UEPMG VUM2O 1,180.60 0.00 0.00
288 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 12 DS1s UEPMG VUM28 1,416.72 0.00 0.00
384 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 16 DS1s UEPMG VUM38 1,888.96 0.00 0.00
480 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 20 DS1s UEPMG VUM4O 2,361.20 0.00 0.00
576 DS0 Channel Capacity -1 per 24 DS1s UEPMG VUM57 2,833.44 0.00 0.00
672 DS0 Channel Capacity - 1 per 28 DS1s UEPMG VUM67 3,305.68 0.00 0.00
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channeliztion with Port - Conversion Charge Based on a System
A Minimum System configuration is One (1) DS1, One (1) D4 Channel Bank, and Up To 24 DSO Ports with Feature Activations.
Multiples of this configuration functioning as one are considered Add'l after the minimum system configuration is counted.
NRC - Conversion (Currently Combined) with or without
BellSouth Allowed Changes UEPMG USAC4 0.00 96.77 4.24
System Additions at End User Locations Where 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channelization with Port Combination Currently Exists and
New (Not Currently Combined) in all states, except in Density Zone 1 of Top 8 MSA's
1 DS1/D4 Channel Bank - Additionally Add NRC for each Port
and Assoc Fea Activation (E:4/1/2004) UEPMG VUMD4 0.00 726.11 468.21 145.32 17.24
Bipolar 8 Zero Substitution
Clear Channel Capability Format, superframe - Subsequent
Activity Only UEPMG CCOSF 0.00 0.00i 655.00s
Clear Channel Capability Format - Extended Superframe -
Subsequent Activity Only UEPMG CCOEF 0.00 0.00i 655.00s
Alternate Mark Inversion (AMI)
Superframe Format UEPMG MCOSF 0.00 0.00 0.00
Extended Superframe Format UEPMG MCOPO 0.00 0.00 0.00
Exchange Ports Associated with 4-Wire DS1 Loop with Channelization with Port
Exchange Ports
Line Side Combination Channelized PBX Trunk Port - Business
(E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPCX 1.40 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Line Side Outward Channelized PBX Trunk Port - Business
(E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPOX 1.40 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Line Side Inward Only Channelized PBX Trunk Port without DID
(E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEP1X 1.40 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
2-Wire Trunk Side Unbundled Channelized DID Trunk Port
(E:4/1/2004) UEPPX UEPDM 8.71 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Feature Activations - Unbundled Loop Concentration
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 69 of 348
CCCS 193 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Feature (Service) Activation for each Line Port Terminated in D4
Bank UEPPX 1PQWM 0.6402 25.40 13.41 3.96 3.93
Feature (Service) Activation for each Trunk Port Terminated in
D4 Bank UEPPX 1PQWU 0.6402 78.16 18.42 56.03 10.95
Telephone Number/ Group Establishment Charges for DID Service
DID Trunk Termination (1 per Port) UEPPX NDT 0.00 0.00 0.00
Estab Trk Grp and Provide 1st 20 DID Nos. (FL,GA, NC,& SC) UEPPX NDZ 0.00 0.00 0.00
DID Numbers - groups of 20 - Valid all States UEPPX ND4 0.00 0.00 0.00
Non-Consecutive DID Numbers - per number UEPPX ND5 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve Non-Consecutive DID Numbers UEPPX ND6 0.00 0.00 0.00
Reserve DID Numbers UEPPX NDV 0.00 0.00 0.00
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability - 1 per port UEPPX LNPCP 3.15 0.00 0.00
FEATURES - Vertical and Optional
Local Switching Features Offered with Line Side Ports Only
All Features Available UEPPX UEPVF 2.26 0.00 0.00
UNBUNDLED CENTREX PORT/LOOP COMBINATIONS - COST BASED RATES
1. Cost Based Rates are applied where BellSouth is required by FCC and/or State Commission rule to provide Unbundled Local Switching or Switch Ports.
2. Features shall apply to the Unbundled Port/Loop Combination - Cost Based Rate section in the same manner as they are applied to the Stand-Alone Unbundled Port section of this Rate Exhibit.
3. End Office and Tandem Switching Usage and Common Transport Usage rates in the Port section of this rate exhibit shall apply to all combinations of loop/port network elements except for UNE Coin Port/Loop Combinations.
4. The first and additional Port nonrecurring charges apply to Not Currently Combined Combos. For Currently Combined Combos, the nonrecurring charges shall be those identified in the Nonrecurring - Currently Combined sections. Additional NRCs may
apply also and are categorized accordingly.
5. Market Rates for Unbundled Centrex Port/Loop Combination will be negotiated on an Individual Case Basis, until further notice.
UNE-P CENTREX - 1AESS - (Valid in AL,FL,GA,KY,LA,MS,&TN only)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Combo
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Non-Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Non-Design 1 UEP91 10.94
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 2 UEP91 15.05
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 3 UEP91 25.80
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Design 1 UEP91 13.41
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 2 UEP91 18.57
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 3 UEP91 32.04
UNE Loop Rate
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEP91 UECS1 9.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEP91 UECS1 13.88
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEP91 UECS1 24.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 1 1 UEP91 UECS2 12.24
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 2 2 UEP91 UECS2 17.40
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 3 3 UEP91 UECS2 30.87
UNE Ports
All States (Except North Carolina and Sout Carolina)
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPYA 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination)Basic Local
Area UEP91 UEPYB 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)Note1 Basic
Local Area UEP91 UEPYH 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire Center)
Note 2, 3 Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPYM 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 800 Service
Term - Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPYZ 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent
- Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPY9 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 70 of 348
CCCS 194 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term -
Basic Local Area UEP91 UEPY2 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
Georgia and Florida Only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) UEP91 UEPHA 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP91 UEPHB 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1 UEP91 UEPHH 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 UEP91 UEPHM 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center 2,3 - 800
Service Term UEP91 UEPHZ 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent UEP91 UEPH9 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term UEP91 UEPH2 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
Local Switching
Centrex Intercom Funtionality, per port UEP91 URECS 0.7384
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEP91 LNPCC 0.35
Features
All Standard Features Offered, per port UEP91 UEPVF 2.26
All Select Features Offered, per port UEP91 UEPVS 0.00 370.70
All Centrex Control Features Offered, per port UEP91 UEPVC 2.26
NARS
Unbundled Network Access Register - Combination UEP91 UARCX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Indial UEP91 UAR1X 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Outdial UEP91 UAROX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Miscellaneous Terminations
2-Wire Trunk Side
Trunk Side Terminations, each UEP91 CENA6 8.73
Interoffice Channel Mileage - 2-Wire
Interoffice Channel Facilities Termination - Voice Grade UEP91 M1GBC 25.32
Interoffice Channel mileage, per mile or fraction of mile UEP91 M1GBM 0.0091
Feature Activations (DS0) Centrex Loops on Channelized DS1 Service
D4 Channel Bank Feature Activations
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot UEP91 1PQWS 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX line Side Loop Slot UEP91 1PQW6 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX Trunk Side Loop
Slot UEP91 1PQW7 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot -
Different Wire Center UEP91 1PQWP 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Private Line Loop Slot UEP91 1PQWV 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Tjie Line/Trunk Loop
Slot UEP91 1PQWQ 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank WATS Loop Slot UEP91 1PQWA 0.66
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with UNE-P Centrex
Conversion - Currently Combined Switch-As-Is with allowed
changes, per port UEP91 USAC2 21.50 8.42
Conversion of Existing Centrex Common Block UEP91 USACN 5.17 8.32
New Centrex Standard Common Block UEP91 M1ACS 0.00 618.82
New Centrex Customized Common Block UEP91 M1ACC 0.00 618.82
Secondary Block, per Block UEP91 M2CC1 0.00 71.31
NAR Establishment Charge, Per Occasion UEP91 URECA 0.00 66.48
UNE-P CENTREX - 5ESS (Valid in All States)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Combo
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Non-Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Non-Design 1 UEP95 10.94
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 71 of 348
CCCS 195 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 2 UEP95 15.05
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 3 UEP95 25.80
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Design 1 UEP95 13.41
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 2 UEP95 18.57
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 3 UEP95 32.04
UNE Loop Rate
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEP95 UECS1 9.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEP95 UECS1 13.88
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEP95 UECS1 24.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 1 1 UEP95 UECS2 12.24
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 2 2 UEP95 UECS2 17.40
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 3 3 UEP95 UECS2 30.87
UNE Port Rate
All States
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPYA 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP95 UEPYB 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1Basic Local
Area UEP95 UEPYH 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPYM 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center 2,3 - 800
Service Term - Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPYZ 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent
- Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPY9 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term -
Basic Local Area UEP95 UEPY2 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
AL, KY, LA, MS, SC, & TN Only
FL & GA Only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) UEP95 UEPHA 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP95 UEPHB 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1 UEP95 UEPHH 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 UEP95 UEPHM 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 800 Service
Term 2,3 UEP95 UEPHZ 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent UEP95 UEPH9 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term UEP95 UEPH2 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
Local Switching
Centrex Intercom Funtionality, per port UEP95 URECS 0.7384
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEP95 LNPCC 0.35
Features
All Standard Features Offered, per port UEP95 UEPVF 2.26
All Select Features Offered, per port UEP95 UEPVS 0.00 370.70
All Centrex Control Features Offered, per port UEP95 UEPVC 2.26
NARS
Unbundled Network Access Register - Combination UEP95 UARCX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Indial UEP95 UAR1X 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Outdial UEP95 UAROX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Miscellaneous Terminations
2-Wire Trunk Side
Trunk Side Terminations, each UEP95 CEND6 8.73
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 72 of 348
CCCS 196 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
4-Wire Digital (1.544 Megabits)
DS1 Circuit Terminations, each UEP95 M1HD1 54.95
DS0 Channels Activated, each UEP95 M1HDO 0.00 15.69
Interoffice Channel Mileage - 2-Wire
Interoffice Channel Facilities Termination UEP95 M1GBC 25.32
Interoffice Channel mileage, per mile or fraction of mile UEP95 M1GBM 0.0091
Feature Activations (DS0) Centrex Loops on Channelized DS1 Service
D4 Channel Bank Feature Activations
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot UEP95 1PQWS 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX line Side Loop Slot UEP95 1PQW6 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX Trunk Side Loop
Slot UEP95 1PQW7 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot -
Different Wire Center UEP95 1PQWP 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Private Line Loop Slot UEP95 1PQWV 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Tjie Line/Trunk Loop
Slot UEP95 1PQWQ 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank WATS Loop Slot UEP95 1PQWA 0.66
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with UNE-P Centrex
NRC Conversion Currently Combined Switch-As-Is with allowed
changes, per port UEP95 USAC2 0.00 21.50 8.42
Conversion of Existing Centrex Common Block, each UEP95 USACN 5.17 8.32
New Centrex Standard Common Block UEP95 M1ACS 0.00 618.82
New Centrex Customized Common Block UEP95 M1ACC 0.00 618.82
NAR Establishment Charge, Per Occasion UEP95 URECA 0.00 66.48
Additional Non-Recurring Charges (NRC)
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End Use
Premise UEP95 URETL 8.33 0.83
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Design Loop at
End Use Premise UEP95 URETN 11.21 1.10
UNE-P CENTREX - DMS100 (Valid in All States)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Combo
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Non-Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Non-Design 1 UEP9D 10.94
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 2 UEP9D 15.05
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 3 UEP9D 25.80
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Design 1 UEP9D 13.41
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 2 UEP9D 18.57
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 3 UEP9D 32.04
UNE Loop Rate
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEP9D UECS1 9.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEP9D UECS1 13.88
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEP9D UECS1 24.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 1 1 UEP9D UECS2 12.24
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 2 2 UEP9D UECS2 17.40
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 3 3 UEP9D UECS2 30.87
UNE Port Rate
ALL STATES
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYA 1.17
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 73 of 348
CCCS 197 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination)Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYB 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-PSET)3Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYC 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5009)3Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYD 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5209))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYE 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5112))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYF 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5312))3Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYG 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5008))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYT 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5208))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYU 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5216))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYV 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5316))3 Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPY3 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID) Basic Local
Area UEP9D UEPYH 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/Caller ID/Msg Wtg Lamp
Indication))4 Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYW 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/Msg Wtg Lamp Indication))4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYJ 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire Center)
2,3-Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYM 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-PSET)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYO 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5009)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYP 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-5209)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYQ 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5112)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYR 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5312)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPYS 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5008)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY4 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5208)2, 3
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY5 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5216)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY6 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5316)2,3,4
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY7 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 800 Service
Term 2,3 UEP9D UEPYZ 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent
Basic Local Area UEP9D UEPY9 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term Basic
Local Area UEP9D UEPY2 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
FL & GA Only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) UEP9D UEPHA 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination) UEP9D UEPHB 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-PSET)4 UEP9D UEPHC 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5009)4 UEP9D UEPHD 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5209)4 UEP9D UEPHE 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5112)4 UEP9D UEPHF 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 74 of 348
CCCS 198 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5312)4 UEP9D UEPHG 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5008)4 UEP9D UEPHT 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5208)4 UEP9D UEPHU 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5216)4 UEP9D UEPHV 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex / EBS-M5316)4 UEP9D UEPH3 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID) UEP9D UEPHH 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/Caller ID/Msg Wtg Lamp
Indication)4 UEP9D UEPHW 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/Msg Wtg Lamp Indication)4 UEP9D UEPHJ 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire Center)
2,3 UEP9D UEPHM 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-PSET)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPHO 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5009)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPHP 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-5209)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPHQ 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5112)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPHR 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5312)2, 3,4 UEP9D UEPHS 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5008)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPH4 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5208)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPH5 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5216)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPH6 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex/differ SWC /EBS-M5316)2,3,4 UEP9D UEPH7 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center - 800 Service
Term 2,3 UEP9D UEPHZ 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent UEP9D UEPH9 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port Terminated on 800 Service Term UEP9D UEPH2 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
Local Switching
Centrex Intercom Funtionality, per port UEP9D URECS 0.7384
Local Number Portability
Local Number Portability (1 per port) UEP9D LNPCC 0.35
Features
All Standard Features Offered, per port UEP9D UEPVF 2.26
All Select Features Offered, per port UEP9D UEPVS 0.00 370.70
All Centrex Control Features Offered, per port UEP9D UEPVC 2.26
NARS
Unbundled Network Access Register - Combination UEP9D UARCX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Inward UEP9D UAR1X 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Unbundled Network Access Register - Outdial UEP9D UAROX 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Miscellaneous Terminations
2-Wire Trunk Side
Trunk Side Terminations, each UEP9D CEND6 8.73
4-Wire Digital (1.544 Megabits)
DS1 Circuit Terminations, each UEP9D M1HD1 54.95
DS0 Channels Activiated per Channel UEP9D M1HDO 0.00 15.69
Interoffice Channel Mileage - 2-Wire
Interoffice Channel Facilities Termination UEP9D M1GBC 25.32
Interoffice Channel mileage, per mile or fraction of mile UEP9D M1GBM 0.0091
Feature Activations (DS0) Centrex Loops on Channelized DS1 Service
D4 Channel Bank Feature Activations
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot UEP9D 1PQWS 0.66
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 75 of 348
CCCS 199 of 840

PUBLIC VERSION
UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS - Florida Attachment: 2 Exhibit: A
Svc Order Svc Order Incremental Incremental Incremental Incremental
Submitted Submitted Charge - Charge - Charge - Charge -
Interi Elec Manually Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc Manual Svc
CATEGORY RATE ELEMENTS m Zone BCS USOC RATES ($) per LSR per LSR Order vs. Order vs. Order vs. Order vs.
Electronic- Electronic- Electronic- Electronic-
1st Add'l Disc 1st Disc Add'l
Nonrecurring Nonrecurring Disconnect OSS Rates ($)
Rec
First Add'l First Add'l SOMEC SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN SOMAN
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX line Side Loop Slot UEP9D 1PQW6 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank FX Trunk Side Loop
Slot UEP9D 1PQW7 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Centrex Loop Slot -
Different Wire Center UEP9D 1PQWP 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Private Line Loop Slot UEP9D 1PQWV 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank Tjie Line/Trunk Loop
Slot UEP9D 1PQWQ 0.66
Feature Activation on D-4 Channel Bank WATS Loop Slot UEP9D 1PQWA 0.66
Non-Recurring Charges (NRC) Associated with UNE-P Centrex
NRC Conversion Currently Combined Switch-As-Is with allowed
changes, per port UEP9D USAC2 21.50 8.42
Conversion of existing Centrex Common Block, each UEP9D USACN 5.17 8.32
New Centrex Standard Common Block UEP9D M1ACS 0.00 618.82
New Centrex Customized Common Block UEP9D M1ACC 0.00 618.82
NAR Establishment Charge, Per Occasion UEP9D URECA 0.00 66.48
Additional Non-Recurring Charges (NRC)
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Loop at End Use
Premise UEP9D URETL 8.33 0.83
Unbundled Miscellaneous Rate Element, Tag Design Loop at
End Use Premise UEP9D URETN 11.21 1.10
UNE-P CENTREX - EWSD (Valid in AL, FL, KY, LA, MS & TN)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Combo
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Non-Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Non-Design 1 UEP9E 10.94
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 2 UEP9E 15.05
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Non-Design 3 UEP9E 25.80
UNE Port/Loop Combination Rates (Design)
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex) Port Combo -
Design 1 UEP9E 13.41
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 2 UEP9E 18.57
2-Wire VG Loop/2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex)Port Combo -
Design 3 UEP9E 32.04
UNE Loop Rate
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 1 1 UEP9E UECS1 9.77
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 2 2 UEP9E UECS1 13.88
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 1) - Zone 3 3 UEP9E UECS1 24.63
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 1 1 UEP9E UECS2 12.24
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 2 2 UEP9E UECS2 17.40
2-Wire Voice Grade Loop (SL 2) - Zone 3 3 UEP9E UECS2 30.87
UNE Port Rate
AL, FL, KY, LA, MS, & TN only
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex ) Basic Local Area UEP9E UEPYA 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex 800 termination)Basic Local
Area UEP9E UEPYB 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex with Caller ID)1Basic Local
Area UEP9E UEPYH 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
2-Wire Voice Grade Port (Centrex from diff Serving Wire
Center)2,3 Basic Local Area UEP9E UEPYM 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port, Diff Serving Wire Center 2,3 - 800
Service Term - Basic Local Area UEP9E UEPYZ 1.17 139.49 86.10 65.41 13.81
2-Wire Voice Grade Port terminated in on Megalink or equivalent
- Basic Local Area UEP9E UEPY9 1.17 53.31 26.46 27.50 8.37
Version 3Q03: 11/12/2003 Page 76 of 348
CCCS 200 of 840