Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of )
)
8x8, Inc., Applicant ) WC Docket No. 19-______________
)
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
the Commission’s Rules )
APPLICATION OF 8X8, INC. FOR NUMBERING AUTHORIZATION
8x8, Inc. (“8x8”), an interconnected VoIP provider currently offering interconnected
VoIP service to end user customers, files this application with the Federal Communications
Commission (“Commission”) for authorization to acquire telephone numbers directly from the
North American Numbering Plan Administrator and the Pooling Administrator (“Numbering
Administrators”) pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3) of the Commission’s rules. An interconnected
VoIP provider may obtain numbering resources from the Numbering Administrators upon
showing that it is authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are
requested.1 Such authorization may be obtained upon application to the Commission containing
the information in Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules.2 8x8 hereby provides that
information and requests that the Commission grant the authorization.
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
a) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: 8x8 Voice Communications, Inc.
Address: 2125 O’Nel Dr.,
1 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(2); Numbering Policies for Modern Commc’ns et al., Report & Order,
30 FCC Rcd. 6839 (2015).
2 47 C.F.R. § 52.15(g)(3).

San Jose, CA 95131
Telephone: (646) 751-7323
Qualified Personnel: Brendan Kasper, Senior Counsel, Regulatory
Email: brendan.kasper@8x8.com
b) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
8x8 hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under Section
52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission
numbering rules, numbering authority delegated to the states, and industry guidelines and
practices regarding numbering as applicable to telecommunications carriers.
c) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
8x8 hereby acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
Appendix A to this application lists states where 8x8 intends to request numbering resources.
d) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
8x8 hereby sets forth its capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
activation date. 8x8 has an agreement in place with a carrier partner that in turn has an
interconnection agreement in effect with a relevant local exchange carrier; 8x8 likewise has the
staff necessary to meet its number porting obligations. As proof of its facilities’ readiness, 8x8
has attached to this application, as Confidential Exhibit A, an interconnection agreement between
8x8 and its carrier partner and, as Confidential Exhibit B, relevant pages of an interconnection
agreement between that carrier partner and a local exchange carrier.
e) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
8x8 certifies that it complies with its Universal Service Fund contribution obligations
under 47 C.F.R. Part 54, Subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution
obligations under 47 C.F.R. § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local
2

Number Portability Administration contribution obligations under 47 C.F.R. §§ 52.17 and 52.32,
its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 C.F.R. § 1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47
C.F.R. Part 9.
f) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
8x8 certifies that it possesses the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to provide
reliable service. 8x8’s key management are:
Vik Verma, CEO
Vik Verma joined 8x8 as a board member in 2012 and was appointed Chief Executive
officer within a year to lead the company’s global expansion. He is the driving force
behind 8x8’s market leadership in a 50 billion dollar unified and contact center
communications market and its continued push for innovation in areas like Artificial
Intelligence, machine learning and data analytics. Under Verma’s leadership, 8x8 has
evolved into a global player in unified cloud communications from its inception as a
Silicon Valley start-up.
With more than 25 years of industry and management experience, Verma has
successfully transformed several technology businesses through organic growth,
international expansion and strategic mergers and acquisitions. Prior to 8x8, he was
President of Strategic Venture Development at Lockheed Martin where he led early-stage
technologies to new global commercial markets through collaborative incubators,
intellectual property portfolio licensing and strategic partnerships with multi-national
companies. Prior to this, Verma was the President of the IS&GS Savi Group, a Lockheed
Martin technology and information services division providing real-time supply chain
management and security solutions for government and commercial markets worldwide.
His journey with Lockheed Martin began when he was Chairman of the Board and CEO
of Savi, which was acquired by Lockheed Martin in 2006.
Verma holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the Florida Institute of Technology, an M.S.E.
degree from the University of Michigan in electrical engineering, and the post-graduate
degree of Engineer in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University. Subsequently, in
keeping with Silicon Valley tradition, Verma left his PhD program at Stanford to join the
start-up world. He is also an alumnus of the Executive Management programs for CEOs
at Harvard Business School, Stanford University, and the Haas School of Business at UC
Berkeley.
3

Bryan R. Martin, Chairman of the Board and CTO
Bryan Martin is 8x8’s technological visionary, leading the company’s drive to patent a
range of disruptive and innovative technologies. With an excellent sense of how cloud
communications transform enterprise communications and customer service, Martin led
8x8 as CEO from its early days as a VoIP pioneer to its current position as the leading
provider of Unified Communications as a Service. Before becoming CEO in 2002, he
held the positions of Chief Operating Officer, Chief Technical Officer and Senior Vice
President, Engineering Operations.
Martin holds 64 United States Patents in the fields of semiconductors, computer
architecture, video processing algorithms, videophones, and communications. Internet
Telephony magazine named Bryan one of the “Top 100 Voices of IP Communications.”
Bryan also served on the California Broadband Task Force for the Business,
Transportation and Housing Agency, and later became Chair of the task force’s Emerging
Technologies and New Applications Working Group.
Martin is a member of the IEEE and Tau Beta Pi and received bachelor’s and master’s
degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.
Steven Gatoff, CFO
With a focus on increasing stockholder value for technology companies and a passion for
driving change and enabling growth, Steven Gatoff is an experienced SaaS CFO
responsible for 8x8’s global financial operations. Gatoff brings 25+ years of leadership
and finance expertise that supports the company’s globally expanding business, with a
background across bulge bracket investment banking, big four public-company auditing,
and nearly 10 years as a CFO.
Gatoff has a distinctive track record of driving value creation for software and SaaS
companies in both large public companies and earlier-stage, hyper-growth environments
including Rapid7, VeriSign, Sterling Commerce, Elementum and PagerDuty. Before
joining 8x8, Steven was CFO at high-growth SaaS companies Elementum and
PagerDuty, where he helped scale their business models and operating execution. Prior to
that, Gatoff was CFO at Rapid7, where he helped guide the company through its IPO and
played a critical role in its global growth and execution. Prior to Rapid7, Gatoff was CFO
of publicly-traded iPass, a cloud-based mobility management company. Prior to those
positions, Gatoff spent nearly a decade in investment banking with Morgan Stanley,
Credit Suisse and Bear Stearns after also having been an auditor with Deloitte. Gatoff
received his MBA with honors from Columbia University and is a CPA.
Mehdi Salour, SVP of Network Operations and DevOps
Mehdi Salour is a super-ninja when it comes to global networks and DevOps. He leads
8x8’s global network, data center, and security operations, enabling enterprise-grade
4

service delivery to be a key differentiation for the company. In addition, as 8x8
increasingly supports the growing needs of mid-market and enterprise customers, Salour
is chartered with spearheading the company’s DevOps cultural transformation to
accelerate the delivery of innovative features and services.
Prior to this role, Salour led 8x8’s network operations, service deployment, customer
support and success organizations, and met the demands of customers- across SMB to
mid-market and enterprise. Salour has been with 8x8 since the inception of the VoIP and
UCaaS services and played a major role in developing the company’s CRM strategy as it
transitioned from an OEM technology company to a customer-centric service provider.
Under his leadership, 8x8 has built a world-class global cloud service delivery and
network infrastructure, resulting in increased customer satisfaction and low churn.
Salour gained his real-world experience with enterprise networks through various other
8x8 positions, including IT Network Engineer, Network Operations Engineer, Manager
of Technical Support, Director of Technical Support and Vice President of Network
Operations. Salour holds a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering and a master’s in
software engineering with specialization in networking software and security. He holds
seventeen patents.
8x8 states that none of the identified personnel is being or has been investigated by the
Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any law,
rule or order.
g) § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
8x8 hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of Federal
benefits pursuant to section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), 8x8 will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in the application and will file a correction with the Commission
and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. 8x8 will also furnish accurate
regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission when requesting
numbers in that state.
5

III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commissions’ Rules, 8x8 respectfully requests
the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering resources.
Respectfully submitted,
________________________________
Brita D. Strandberg
Courtney Miller
HARRIS, WILTSHIRE & GRANNIS LLP
1919 M Street N.W.
Eighth Floor
Washington, D.C. 20036
Tel.: (202) 730-1300
Fax: (202) 730-1301
December 19, 2019 Counsel to 8x8, Inc.
6