Before the FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
20554
In the Matter of Versatel LLC. ) WC Docket No. 20-
For Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section 52.15(g) of )
The Commission's Rules )
APPLICATION OF Versatel, LLC, .FOR AUTHORIZATION TO OBTAIN
NUMBERING RESOURCES
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Versatel, LLC /dba/ 46
Labs Communications here forward known as (“46 Labs”),hereby submits its application
to obtain numbering resources as described below.
Under the Commission's Numbering Order, an Interconnected VoIP provider may obtain
numbering resources from the Numbering Administrator upon a showing that it is
authorized to provide service in the area for which the numbering resources are
requested. Such authorization may be obtained upon an application to the Commission
containing the information detailed in Section 52.15 (g)(3)(i)(A)-(G) of the Commission’s
Rules. Versatel, LLC hereby requests the Commission grant it that authorization. In support
of this application, 46 Labs provides the following information:
I. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(i)
A. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(A)
Name: 46 LABs, Corporation.
Address: 1503 E. 19th St.
City: Edmond
State: OK
ZIP Code: 73013
Executive for 46 LABs, Corporation.
Name: Trevor Francis
Address: 1503 E. 19th St.
City: Edmond
State: OK
ZIP Code: 73013
Page | 1

Contact for Regulatory Filing, IPES license information, FCC filing information, IPES
general information:
Name: Ronald J Grob
Address: 2525 W Rock Quarry Rd.
City: Buford
State: GA
Zip: 30519
Email: rongrob@apelaprofsvcs.com
B. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(B)
46 Labs hereby acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources
under Section 52.15(g) of the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable
Commission numbering rules as well as to the numbering authority delegated to the
states. The Company hereby also acknowledges that this authorization is subject to
compliance with industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering, as applicable to
telecommunications carriers. 46 Labs intends to offer services immediately in the state
of California but also seeks authority to access numbering resources throughout the
United States.
C. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(C)
46 Labs acknowledges that it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state
commission(s) at least 30 days before requesting numbers from the Numbering
Administrators.
D. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D)
46 Labs authenticates its’ capability to provide service within 60 days of the numbering
resources activation date. 46 Labs is an established interconnected VoIP carrier
providing voice and network services for small to medium sized businesses located in the
United States. The Company was founded by several highly experienced
telecommunications professionals and in addition, has several highly skilled technical
employees. 46 Labs has negotiated an Interconnect Agreement with Sinch Networks, a
(CLEC) Competitive Local Exchange Carrier, to serve as 46 Labs’ access homing
tandem and to route local and access traffic (both originating and terminating) to the
PSTN. 46 Labs will interconnect with and broadcast Sinch's tandem platforms for the
purposes of managing all codes assigned to 46 Labs OCNs. The interconnect
agreement demonstrating the access to the platform and capability of (Sinch’s Network)
is attached to this application as Confidential Exhibit C.
46 Labs is Stir & Shaken compliant and will provide the necessary “KYC”
documentation for their customers as required by STI-GA Authorities. In addition 46 LABs
will sign all of their outbound calls with a Stir & Shaken certificate and will validate all
incoming calls for a Stir & Shaken certificate.
Page | 2

In addition, Sinch’s interconnection to the PSTN through it’s MSA/ICA with the LECs is
included in Exhibit D. of this filing.
Page | 3

E. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(E)
46 Labs hereby certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution
obligations under 47 CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service
contribution obligations under 47 CFR § 64.604(c)(5)(iii), its North American
Numbering Plan and Local Number Portability Administration contribution obligations
under 47 CFR §§ 52.17 and 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47 CFR §
1.1154, and its 911 obligations under 47 CFR part 9. 46 Labs’ FRN and 499 filer ID is
included in Exhibit A
F. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(F)
The Company certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise to
provide reliable service. It is financially stable, led by a strong, experienced management
team with substantial managerial experience in the telecommunications industry, and has
sufficient technical expertise and infrastructure in place to provide reliable numbering
services. 46 Labs’ key management and technical personnel are identified in attached
Exhibit B. None of the identified personnel are being or have been investigated by the
Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply with any
law, rule, or order.
G. § 52.15(g)(3)(i)(G)
46 Labs hereby certifies that no party to this application is subject to a denial of
Federal benefits pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988,21 U.S.C.
§ 862.
II. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CONDITIONS IN SECTION 52.15(g)(3)(iv)
As required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(iv), 46 Labs will maintain the accuracy of all contact
information and certifications in this application and will file a correction with the
Commission and each applicable state within 30 days of any changes. 46 Labs will also
furnish accurate regulatory and numbering contact information to each state commission
when requesting numbers in that state.
III. CONCLUSION
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, 46 Labs, respectfully
requests the Commission grant this application for authorization to obtain numbering
resources.
Respectfully submitted for 46 Labs,INC.
Page | 4

Ronald J Grob
Principal Telecommunications Consultant To: 46 LABs, Corp
APELA Professional Services, INC.
Page | 5

EXHIBIT A
A1. FCC FRN
A2. 499 Filer ID
Page | 6

EXHIBIT
B
Key Managerial and Technical
Personnel
• Trevor Francis
CEO of 46 Labs and General Manager of Versatel, LLC
Attended Harvard University
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United
States
Trevor is a leading authority on telecom voice infrastructures. He is the Founder and CEO of
46 Labs, has
built voice networks on 4 continents and has almost two decades of experience developing
cutting edge software and hardware solutions for many different industries.
Trevor started his telecom career in 2001 by consulting with various PTTs in developing
countries on how to better manage and operate their voice networks. His success in those
engagements led to him to found a company that supervised and managed voice and IP
interconnections for the same PTTs that he consulted with.
Trevor created one of the industry’s first purely software-driven VOIP applications that
connected political parties with their constituents. His software was instrumental in securing
wins in various congressional, gubernatorial and presidential elections.
Trevor studied Management Information Services at the University of Oklahoma and Finance
at Harvard
Univer
sity.
• Ali Mumtaz
CTO at 46 Labs
LLC Lahore,
Punjab, Pakistan
Ali is Chief Software Officer of 46 Labs where he oversees the development of 46 LABs
products, internal tools, project management, NOC support, customer requirement and
delivery of required software.
Ali has been with 46 LABs with over 10 years now and was hire #1, Ali has over 15 years of
experience in running agile development methodology and product delivery. Ali has vast
experience with Telecom industry related products and data processing and RFC related
knowledge. During his time with 46 LABs some of his most prominent achievements have
been successfully launching 3 different versions of peer edge products, MS Teams
Certification for the SBC.

• Max Adams
Chief Revenue Officer (CRO) at 46
Labs LLC Texas A&M University
Dallas-Fort Worth
Metroplex
Max Adams has over 25 years of experience in building and managing direct and channel
sales organizations for global service providers that have consistently over performed
expectations in the information technology and network services industry. In addition, he
has specialized in identifying and developing strategic partnerships that create sustainable
value, and results.
Max spent the first 17 years of his career at Williams Network, where he held management
responsibilities for the National Account, System Integrator, and ultimately Network Services
organization culminating in his appointment to Senior Vice President of Sales for the US. In
addiction he has served in Executive leadership positions focused on developing vertical
market segments and growth for British Telecom North America, and Excel
Communications.
Max is a graduate of Texas A&M University school of business / Marketing
Analytics.
• Daniel Cavazos
Chief Experience
Officer
Dallas-Fort Worth
Metroplex
Dan joined 46 Labs in 2018 and currently serves as Chief Experience Officer at 46 Labs, a
leading Telecommunications Software company. His responsibilities include overseeing the
Service Delivery and Service Assurance Teams.
Prior to his position at 46 Labs, Dan owned and managed Market Center Creative, a website
design, web applications development and web hosting company for 25 years where his
primary focus was leading the company and responsibility for customer relations. He
oversaw a team of eight consisting of designers, developers and technicians.
Dan and his wife, Mary, founded and pastored an independent church that has served
their community for 15 years
• Jim Albee
SVP, Finance &
Accounting
University of Colorado
Denver
Denver Metropolitan
Area

Jim Albee has over 30 years of experience in the telecom and data service provider
industries in roles spanning corporate finance & accounting, corporate development, product
management, and network engineering and planning.
Jim provides fractional CFO services to businesses in varied industries, including joining 46
Labs in March 2022.Current and recent industry engagements include communications
services, software-as-a- service, data center & hosted applications, and residential real
estate brokerage.
Jim holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Montana State University and
a Master of Business Administration from University of Colorado – Denver.
• Daniel Howard, JD, MBA
General Counsel of 46 Labs LLC and General Manager of Versatel, LLC
Oklahoma City University – JD
Oklahoma State University - MBA
Boulder Colorado, United
States
Dan serves as General Counsel for the telecommunications software company, 46 Labs LLC.
Prior to his
current role he also served as CFO, where he oversaw day-to-day operations and assisted
the company developing new businesses and partnerships. In addition to his work with 46
Labs, Dan spent over adecade in the information technology industry working for both
Cerner Corporation (CERN) and H&R Block (HRB) in director and executive roles. Dan has
practiced law for over eighteen years, most recently at the firm Rubenstein & Pitts a multi-
specialty law firm in Oklahoma. Dan’s legal practice included business formation, contracts,
general commercial litigation, internet law and intellectual property issues. Dan holds a
Bachelor of Science in Computing and Information Sciences and an MBA from Oklahoma
State University and a Juris Doctorate from Oklahoma City University graduating Magna
Cum Laude.
Dan is active with the Oklahoma State University College of Business and a member of the
Executive Committee for the OSU college of Business. Dan has served on many for profit
and not-for-profit boards, including most recently Children's Hospital Foundation of
Oklahoma where he was the Finance Chair.
In addition to his Business and Academic achievements, Dan has been honored by
Oklahoma State University receiving the prestigious Orange Star award. Dan has also been
named one of the Spears School of Business top 100 MBA graduates and recently was
named as a Cowboy100 honoree for his leadership at 46 Labs.

Confidential Exhibit C
46 Labs Interconnect Agreement with SINCH
as their IPES Partner

Confidential EXHIBIT D
Sinch and Quest Communications Interconnect
Agreements and
Amendments