•
7.2.5 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to special access, private
llne, or any other traffic that is not switched by the terminating Party.
7.2.6 Reciprocal Compensation shali not apply to Tandem Transit Traffic.
7.2. 7 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Voice Information Service
Traffic (as defined in Section 5 of the Additional Services Attachment).
7.2.8 Reciprocal compensation shall not apply to traffic that is not subject to
Reciprocal Compensation under Section 251 (b )(5.) of the Act
7.2.9 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Virtual Foreign Exchange
Traffic (i.e., V/FX. Traffic). As used in this Agreement, "Virtual Foreign
Exchange Traffic" or ''V/FXTraffic• is defined as calls in which a
Neutral Tandem Customer is assigned a telephone number with an
NXX Code (as set forth in the LERG) associated with an exchange that
is different than the exchange (as set forth In the LERG) associated
with the actual physical location of such Customer's station. For the
avoidance of any doubt, Neutral Tandem shall pay Verizon's
originating access charges for all VIFX Traffic originated by a Verizon
Customer, and Neutral Tandem shall pay Verlzon's terminating access
charges for all V/FX Traffic originated by a Neutral Tandem Customer.
7.3 The Reciprocal Compensation rates (Including, but not limited to, the Reciprocal
Compensation per minute of use charges) billed by Neutral Tandem to Verizon
shall not exceed the Reciprocal Compensation rates (including, but not limited to,
•
Reciprocal Compensation per minute of use charges) billed by Verizon to Neutral
Tandem .
8. Other Types of Traffic
8.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any Tariff: (a) the
Parties' rights and obligations with respect to any lntercarrier compensation that
may be due in connection with their exchange of Internet Traffic shall be
governed by the terms of th~ FCC Internet Order and other applicable FCC
orders and FCC Regulations; and, (b} a Party shall not be obligated to pay any
intercarrier compensation for Internet Traffic that is in excess of the lntercarrler
compensation for Internet Traffic that such Party is required to pay under the
FCC Internet Order and other applicable FCC orders and FCC Regulations.
82 Subject to Section 8.1 of this Attachment, interstate and intrastate Exchange
Access, Information Access, exchange services for Exchange Access or
Information Access, and Toll Traffic, shall be governed by the applicable
provisions of this Agreement and applicable Tariffs.
8.3 For any traffic originating with a third party carrier and delivered by Neutral
Tandem to Verizon, Neutral Tandem shall pay Verizon the same amount that
such third party carrier would have been obligated to pay Verizon for termination
of that traffic at the location the traffic is delivered to Verizon by Neutral Tandem.
8.4 Any traffic not speclflcally addressed in this Agreement shall be treated as
required by the applicable Tariff of the Party transporting and/or terminating the
traffic.
8.5 The Parties may also exchange Internet Traffic at the technically feasible Point(s)
•
of Interconnection on Verizon's network in a LATA established hereunder for tpe
exchange of Reciprocal Compensation Traffic. Any intercarrier compensation
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 67
--- --------- -

•
1hat may be due In connection with the Parties' exchange of Internet -Traffic shall
be applied at such technlcaDy ft)aslble Point of Interconnection on Verizon's
r:ietwork In a 1.ATA in accordance with the FCC Internet Order.
9. Transmission -1d Routing of EJCchange Access Traffic
9.1 Scope·o f Traffic.
Section 9 prescribes parameters for certain trunks to be established over the
Interconnections specified in Sections 2 through 5 of this Attachment for the
~nsmlsslon.and routing of traffic between Neutral Tandem Telephone Exchange
Service Customers and lnterexchange Carriers ("Access Toll Connecting
Trunks"), In any case where Neutral Tandem elects to have Its End Office Switch
subtend a Verizon Tandem ..T his includes casually-<!ialed (1010XXX and
· 101.XXXX)trafftc.
· 9.Z Access Toll Connecting Trunk Group Architecture.
9.2.1 If Neutral Tandem chooses to subtend a Verizon access Tandem,
Neutral 1'andem's NPAJNXX must be assigned by Neutral Tandem to
subtend the same Verizon access Tandem that a Verizon NPA/NXX
serving the same Rate Center Area subtends as identified in the
LERG . .
9.2.2 Neutral Tandem shall establish Access Toll Connecting Trunks
p1.1Suant to applicable access Tariffs by which It will previde Switched
•
Exchange Access Services to lnterexchange Carriers to enable such
lnterexchange Carriers to Qfiglnate and tenninate traffic to and-from
Neutral Tandem's Customers.
9.2.3 The Access Toll Connecting Trunks ~hall be two-way trunks. Such
trunks shall connect the End Office Neutral Tandem utfQzes to provide
Telephone Exchange Service and Switched Exchange Access to its
Customers In a given LATA to the access Tandem(s) Verizon utilizes
to provide Exchange Access In such LATA. _
9.2.4 Access Toll Connecting Trunks shall be used solely for the
transmission and routing of Exchange Access to allow Neutral
Tandem's Customers to connect to or be connected to the
interexchange trunks of any lnterexchange Carrier-which is connected
to a·V enzon ~ccess T11ndem •
. .
. . 10 • Meet-Point Biiiing Arrangements
10.1 - Neutral Tandem and Verizon will establish Meet-Point Bitting (MPB)
~rrangements In order to provide a common transport option to Switched
Exchange Access Services caJstomers via a Verizon access Tandem Switch in
accordance with the Meet Point Biiiing guidelines contained In the OBF's MECAB
and MECOD documents, except as modified herein, and In Verizon~s applicable
Tariffs. The arrangements descnbed in this Section 10 are Intended to be used
to provide Switched Exchange Access Service where 1he transport component of
the Switched Exchange Access Service Is routed through an access Tandem
Switch that Is provided by Verizon.
10-.2 In eadl LATA, the Parties shall establish MPB arrangementsfor1he applicable •
Neutral Tandem Routing PciinWertzon Serving Interconnection Wire Center.·
combinations.
NT PAe CompvS.1 00282007f.doC 88
--
. --···· -----------------~---------------------

•
10.3 Interconnection for the MPB arrangement shall occur at each of the Verizon
access Tandems in the LATA, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties.
10.4 Neutral Tandem and Verizon wlll use reasonable efforts, individually and
collectively, to maintain provisions In their respective state access Tariffs, and/or
provisions within the National Exchange Carrier Association (NECA) Tariff No. 4,
or any successor Tariff sufficient to reflect the MPB arrangements established
pur.suant to this Agreement
10.5 In general, there are four alternative Meet-Point Billing arrangements posslble,
which are: Single BllVSingle Tariff, Multiple Bill/Single Tariff, Multiple Bill/Multiple
Tariff, and Single Bill/Multiple Tariff, as outlined in the OBF MECAB Guidelines.
Each Party shall Implement the "Multiple Bill/Single Tariff' or "Multiple Biii/Muitipie
Tariff' option, as approprlate, In order to bill an IXC for the portion of the MPB
arrangement provided by that Party. Alternatively, In former BeU AUantlc service
areas, upon agreement of the Parties, each Party may use the New York State
Access Pool on its behalf to implement the Single Bill/Multiple Tariff or Single
Bill/Single Tariff option, as appropriate, In order to blU an IXC for the portion of
the MPB arrangement provided by that Party.
10.6 The rates to be billed by each Party for the portion of the MPB arrangement
provided by It shall be as set forth In that Party's applicable Tariffs, or other •
document that contains the terms under which that Party's access services are
offered. For each Neutral Tandem Routing Point/Verizon Serving
Interconnection Wire Center combination, the MPB bilUng percentages for
• transport between the Neutral Tandem Routing Point and the Verizon Serving
Interconnection Wire Center shall be calculated in accordance with the formula
set forth in Section 10.17 of this Attachment.
10.7 Each Party shall provide the other Party with the billing name, billing address,
and Carrier Identification Code (CIC) of the DCC, and identification of the Verizon
Interconnection Wire Center serving the IXC in order to comply with the MPB
notification process as outliaed In the MECAB document
10.8 Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem with the Terminating Switched Access
Detail Usage Data (EMI category 1101XX records} recorded at the Verizon
access Tandem on cartridge or via such other media as the Parties may agree
to, no later than ten (10) Business Days after the date the usage occurred.
10.9 Neutral Tandem shall pro\'.i(ie Verizon with the Originating Switched Access
Detail Usage Data (EMI category 1101 XX records) oli cartridge or via such other
media as the Parties may agree, no later than ten (10) Business Days after the
date the usage occurred.
10.10 All usage data to be provided pursuant to Sections 10.8 and 10.9 of this
Attachment shall be sent to the following addresses:
To Neutral Tandem:
DavidTatak
1 South Wacker
Suite200
Chicago, Illinois 60606
•
For Verizon:
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 69
I
____J

•
Verizon Data Se(Vlces
ATIN: MPB
1 EastTefecom Parkway
OockD
Temple Terrace, FL 3~37
Either Party may change its address for receiving usage data by notifying the
other Party in writing pursuant to Section 29 of the General Terms and
Conditions.-
10.11 Neutral Tandem and Verizon shall coordinate and exchange the bitting account
reference (BAR) and billing account cross reference (BACR) numbers or
Operating Company Number {"OCN"), a$ appropriate, for the MPS arr:angements
described il'l thfs Section 1O . Each Party shall notify the other If the lev$1 of bllllng
or other aARIBACR elements change, resulting In a new BARIBACR number, or
If the OCN changes.
1.0.12 Each Party agrees to provide the other Party with notification of any errors it
discovers In MPB data wlthfn thirty (30) calendar days of the receipt of the
original data. The other Party shall attempt to correct the error and resubmit the
data within ten (10).Buslness Days of the noUficatlon. In the event the errors
cannot be corrected within such ten-(10) Business-Day period, the erroneous
data wtn be considered lost. In the event Of a loss of data, whether due to
uncor.rectable errors or otherwise, both Parties shall cooperate to reconstruct .the
lost data and, ·If such reconstruction Is not possible, -shall accept a reasonable
•
estimate of the lost data based upon prior ~e data.
10.13 Either Party may request a review or audit of the various components of access
recording up to a maximum of two (2) audits per calendar year. All costs
associated With each reView and audit shaH be borne by the requesting Party.
Such review or audit shall be conducted subject to Section 7 of the General
Terms and Conditions and during regular business hours. A Party may conduct
additional audHs, at Its expense, upon the other Party's consent, which consent
shall not be anreasonably withheld.
10.14 Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, nothing contained in this Section
10 shall create any llablllty for damages, lo~. claims, costs, Injuries, expenses
or other liabilities whatsoever on the part of either Party.
10.15 MPB will apply tor -all traffic bearing the 500, 900, toll free service access code
{e.g. 800/8881817) (to the extent provided by an IXC) or any other non
geographic NPA which may be designated for such traffic In the future.
10.16 In the event Neutral Tandem determines to offer Telephone Exchange Services
In a LATA In Whleh Verizon operates an access Tandem Switch, Verizon shall
permit and enable Neutral Tandem to subtend the Verizon access Tandem
Switch( es) desfgnated for the Verizon End Offices in the area where there are
located Neutral·T andem Routing Polnt(s}auoclated with the NPA NXX(s}
to/from which the Switched Exchange Access Services are homed.
10.17 Except as otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties, the MPB biUlng percentages
for each Routing PoinWerlzon Serving Interconnection Wire Center combination
shall be caleulated according to the following formula. unless as mutualry agreed
to by the Parties: .· •
a I (a+ b) Neutral Tandem Billing Percentage
NT ~Ae Comp\13.1 09282007f.cloc 70
-·
-···----~

•
and
b I (a+ b} = Verizon Billing Percentage
where:
=
a the airline mileage between Neutral Tandem Routing Point and
1he actual point of interconnection for the MPB arrangement; and
=
b the airline mileage between the Verizon Serving Interconnection
Wire Center and the actual point of interconnection for the MPB arrangement
10.18 . Neutral Tandem shall inform Verizon of each LAT A In which it intends to offer
Telephone Exchange Services and Its calculation of the billing percentages
which should apply for such arrangement Within ten (10) Business Days of
Neutral Tandem's delivery of notice to Verizon, Verizon and Neutral Tandem
shall confirm the Routing PoinWerizon Serving Interconnection Wire Center
combination and billing percentages.
11. Toll Free Service Access Code (e.g., 800/888/877) Traffic
The following terms shall apply when either Party delivers toll free service access code
(e.g., 800/877/888)("8YY") calls to the other Party. For the purposes of this Section 11,
the terms "translated" and "untranslated" refers to those toll free service access code
calls that have been queried c·translated") or have not been queried {"untranslated") to
• an 8YY database. Except as otherwise agreed to by the Parties, all Neutral Tandem
originating "untranslated-8YY traffic will be routed over a separate One-Way
miscellaneous Trunk group.
11.1 When Neutral Tandem delivers translated 8YY calls to Verizon to be completed
by
11.1.1 an IXC:
11.1.1.1 Neutral Tandem will provide an appropriate EMI record to
Verizon;
11.1.1.2 Neutral Tandem will bill the IXC the Neutral Tandem's
applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges and
the Neutral Tandem's applicable Tariff query charges; and
11.1.1.3 Verizon will bifl the IXC Verizon's applicable Switched
Exchange Access Tariff charges.
11.1.2 Verizon:
11.1.2.1 Neutral Tandem will provide an appropriate EMI record to
Verizon; and
11.1.2.2 Neutral Tandem wilf bill Verizon the Neutral Tandem's
Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges and the Neutral
Tandem's applicable Tariff query charge.
11.1.3 a toll free service access code service provider in that LATA :
•
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 71
\
L---·

••
11.1.3.1 Neutral Tandem will provide an appropriate EMI record to
Verizon and the toll tree· service access code service
provider;
11~ 1.3.2 Neutral Tandem will bill·t he toll free service access code.
service provider the Neutral Tandem's applicable Switched
Exchange Access Tariff charges and the Neutral Tandem's
appl~ble Tariff query charges; and
11.1.3.3 Veri;zon will bill the toll free service access code service
provider Verizon's appUcable Switched Exchange Access
Tariff charges.
1't.2 When Verizon performs the query and delivers translated 8YY cals, orlglnated
by Verizon's Customer or another LEC's Customer to Neutral Tandem to be
completed by
11.2.1 NeutralTan<tem:
11.2.1.1 Verizon will provide an appropriate EMI record to Neutral
Tandem; and
11.2.1.2 Verizon Wiii bill Neutral Tandem Verfzoa's applicable ~
Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges and Verlzon's
appllcable Tariff query charges.
11.2.2 a toll free service access code servtcie provider In that LA TA:
•
11.2.2.1 Verizon will provide an appropriate EMI record to Neutral
Tandem and the toll free service access code service
_provider;
11.2.2.2 Verizon will bill the toll free service a~ code service
provider Verlzon's applicable Switched Exchange Access
Tariff charges and Verlzon's applicable Tariff query
charges; and
11.2.2.3 Neutral Tandem will bill the toll free service access code
seFVice provider the Neutral Tandem's applicable Switched
Exchange Access Tariff charges.
1-1.3 When Neutrttl Tandem: delivers l.JfiJranslated 8YY calls to Verizon to be
completed by
11.3.1 an IXC:
11.3.1.1 Verizon will query the cau and route the call to the
appropriate IXC;
-11.3.1,2 Verizon will provide an appropriate EMI record to Neutral
Tandem;
. . 11,3.1.3 Verizon wiff bill the IXC Verlzon's appllcable Switched
Exchange Access Tariff charges and Verlzon's applicable
Tariff query charges; and
11.3.1.4 Neutral Tandem will bill 1he IXC Neutral Tandem's .· •
applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges.
NT PAe-Compv3.1 09282007f.lfo9 72
.. -····· •···- ... . --- ·-·------------------------------

•
11.3.2 Verizon:
11.3.2.1 Verizon will query the call and complete the call;
11.3.2:2 Verizon will provide an appropriate EMI record to Neutral
Tandem;
11.3.2.3 Neutral. Tandem will bill Verizon the Neutral Tandem's
applicable Switched Exchange Access Tariff charges.
11.3.3 a toll free service access code service provider ln that LAT A:
11.3.3.1 Verizon will query the call and route the call to the
appropriate toll free service access code service provider;
11.3.3.2· Verizon will provide an appropriate EMI record to Neutral
Tandem and the toll free service access code service
provider;
11.3.3.3 Verizon will bill the toll free service access code service
provider Verizon's applicable Switched Exchange Access
Tariff and Verlzon's applicable Tariff query charges; and
11.3.3.4 Neutral Tandem will bill the toll free service access code
service provider the Neutral Tandem's applicable Switched
Exchange Access Tariff charges.
•
11.4 Verizon will not direct untranslated toll free service access code calls to Neutral
Tandem •
12. Tandem Transit Traffic
12.1 As used in this Section, Tandem Transit Traffic is Telephone Exchange Service
traffic that originates on Neutral Tandem's network, and is transported through
Vertzon's Tandem to the subtending End Office or its equivalent of another
carrier (CLEC, ILEC other than Verizon, Commercial Mobile Radio Service
(CMRS) carrier, or other LEC (•other Carrier"). Neither the originating nor
tenninating customer is a Customer of Verizon. Subtending End Offices shall be
determined In accordance with and as Identified in the Local Exchange Routing
Gulde (LERG). For the avoidance of any doubt, under no circumstances shall
Verizon be required to transit traffic through a Verizon Tandem to a Central
Office·that the LERG does not ideatify as subtending that par:tlcular Verizon
Tandem. Switched Exchange Access Service traffic is not Tandem Transit
Traffic.
12.2 Tandem Transit Traffic Service provides Neutral Tandem with the transport of
Tandem Transit Traffic as provided below.
12.3 Tandem Transit Traffic may be routed over the Interconnection Trunks described
in Sections 2 through 6 of this Attachment Neutral Tandem shall deliver each
Tandem Transit Traffic call to Veiizon's Tandem with CCS and the appropriate
Transactional Capabilities Application Part ("TCAP") message to facilitate full
Interoperability of CLASS Features and billing functions.
12.4 Neutral Tandem may use Tandem Transit Traffic Setvice only for traffic that
originates on Neutral Tandem's network and only to send traffic to an Other
•
Carrier with whom Neutral Tandem has a reciprocal traffic exchange
arrangement (either via written agreement or mutual tariffs) that provides for the
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 73

•
Other Carner, to terminate or complete traffic originated by Neutral Tandem and
to blll Neutral Tandem, and not to bill Verizon, for such traffic. Neutral Tandem
agrees not to use Verlzon's Tandem Transit Traffic Service to send traffic to an
Other Carrier with whom Neutral Tandem does not have such a reciprocal traffic
exchange arrangement or to send traffic that does not originate on Neutral
Tandem's network.
. ·t2.5 Neutral Tandem shall pay_V erizon for Tandem Transit Traffic Service at the rates
specified in the Pricing Attachment. Verizon will not be liable for compensation t0-
any Other Carrier for any traffic that is transported through Verizon's Tandem
and Verizon reserves the nght to assess to Neutral Tandem any additional
charges or costs any Other Carrier imposes or levies on Verizon for the delivery
or termination of such traffic, including any SWitched Exchange Access Service
charges. If Verizon Is billed by any Other Carrier for any traffic originated by
Neutral Tandem, Verizon may ptovlde notice to Neutral.Tandem of such billing.
Upon receipt of such notice, Neutral T-andem shall immediately stop using
Vertzon's Tandem Transit Traffic Service to send any traffic to such Other Carrier
until It has provided to Verizon certification that the Other Carrier has removed
such billed charges from Its bill to Verizon and that the Other Carrier wm not bill
Verizon for any traffic originated by Neutral Tandem. Such certification must be
signed by an authorized officer or agent of the Other Carrier and must be in 11
form acceptable to Verizon.
12.6 If Neutral Tandem uses Tandem Transit Traffic Service for traffic volumes that
exceed the Centum Call Seconds (HU11dred Call Seconds) busy hour equivalent
of 200,000 combined minutes of use per month (a OS1 equivalent) to the
•
subtending End Office ofa particular Other Carrier fer any month (the "Threshold
Level"). Neutral Tandem shaH use good faith efforts to estabfish direct
interconnection with such Other Carrier and reduce such traffic vollmeS below
the Threshold Level. If Verizon believes that Neutral Tandem has not exercised
good fafth efforts promptly fo obtain such direct interconnection, either Party may
use the Dispute Resolution processes of this Agreement
12..7 If Neutral Tandem falls to comply with Section 12 of this Attachment, such failure
shall be a materfaJ breach of a material provision of this Agreement and Verizon
may exercise any and all remedies under this Agreement and Applicable Law for
such breach.
12.8 If or when a third party carrier .plans to subtend a Neutral Tandem switch, then
Neutral Tandem shall provide written notice to Verl:zon at least ninety (90) days
befdt8 such subtending servrce arrangement .becomes effective so that Verizon
may negotiate and establlSh drrect Interconnection with such third party carrier.
Upon written request from Verizon, Neutral Tandem shall offer to Verizon a
service arrangement equivalent to or the same as Tandem Transit Traffic Service
provided by Veriion to Neutral Tandem as defined in this Section such that
Verizon m~y terminate calls to a Central Office or Its equivalent of a CLEC, ILEC
other than Verizon, CMRS carrier, or other LEC, that subtends a Neutral Tandem
Central Office Qr Its equivalent (•Reciprocal Tandem Transit Service"). Neutral
Tandem shall offer such Reciprocal Transit Ser-vice·a rrangemen1' under terms .
and conditions of an amendment to thls Agreement or a separate agreement no
less favorable than those provided in this Section.
12,9 Neither Party shall take any actions to prevent the other Party from entering Into
a direct and reciprocal traffic exchange arrangement with any carrier to which It
originates, or from which It terminates, traffic. •
13. Number Ruourcn, Rate Center N.as and Routing Points
NT PAe CompY3.1 092820071.doc 74

•
13.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or otherwise adversely
affect in any manner either Party's right to employ or to request and be assigned
any Central Office Codes ("NXX") pursuant to the Central Office Code
Assignment Guidelines and any relevant FCC or Commission orders, as may be
amended from time to time, or to establish, by Tariff or otherwise, Rate Center
Areas and Routing Points corresponding to such NXX codes.
13.2 It shall be the responsibility of each Party to program and update Its own
switches and network systems pursuant to information provided on ASRs as well
as the LERG in order to recognize and route traffic to the other Party's assigned
NXX codes. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither Party shall
impose any fees or charges whatsoever on the other Party for such activities.
13.3 Unless otherwise required by Commission order, the Rate Center Areas will be
the same for each Party. During the term of this Agreement, Neutral Tandem
shall adopt the Rate Center Area and Rate Center Points that the Commission
has approved for Verizon within the LATA and Tandem serving area. Neutral
Tandem shall assign whole NPA-NXX codes to each Rate Center Area unless
otherwise ordered by the FCC, the Commission or another governmental entity
of appropriate jurisdiction, or the LEC industry adopts alternative methods of
utilizing NXXs.
13.4 Neutral Tandem will also designate a Routing PQint for each assigned NXX code.
Neutral Tandem shall designate one location for each Rate Center Area in which
the Neutral Tandem has established NXX code{s) as the Routing Point for the
NPA-NXXs associated with that Rate Center Area, and such Routing Point shall
• be within the same LATA as the Rate Center Area but not necessarily within the
Rate Center Area itself. Unless specified otherwise, calls to subsequent NXXs of
Neutral Tandem will be routed In the same manner as calls to Neutral Tandem's
Initial NXXs.
13.5 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing In this
Agreement is Intended, and nothing In this Agreement shall be construed, to In
any way constrain Neutral Tandem's choices regarding the size of the local
calling area(s) that Neutral Tandem may establish for its Customers, which local
calling areas may be larger than, smaller than, or Identical to Verlzon's local
calling areas.
14. Joint Network·lmplementatlon and Grooming Process; Forecasting
14.1 Joint Network lmplementati90 and Grooming Process.
Upon request of either Party, the Parties shall jointly develop an implementation
and grooming process {the "Joint Grooming Process• or "Joint Process") which
may define and detail, Inter alia:
14.1.1 standards to ensure that Interconnection Trunks experience a grade of
service, availability and quality which is comparable to that achieved
on interoffice trunks within Verizon's network and In accord with all
appropriate relevant industry-accepted quality, reliability and
availability standards. Except as otherwise stated in this Agreement,
trunks provided by either Party for Interconnection services will be
engineered using a design-blocking objective of B.01.
14.1.2 the respective duties and responsibilities of the Parties with respect to
•
the administration and maintenance of the trunk groups, including, but
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 75

•
not limited to, standards and procedures for notlficatton and
discoveries of trunk disconnects;
1·4.1.3 disaster recovery provision escalations;
14.1..4 additional technically feasible Point(s) of Interconnection on Verizon's
network In a LATA as provided In Section 2 of·this Attachment; and
14.1.5 such other matters as the Parties may agree, Including, e.g., End
Office to End Office high usage trunks as good engineering practices
may dictate.
14.2 Trunk Forecasting ReqUirements.
14.2.1 Initial" Trunk Forecast Reauirements. At least ninety {90) days before
Initiating Interconnection in a LA.TA, Neutral Tandem shall provide
Verizon a two (2)--year traffic forecast that complies With the Verizon
Interconnection Trunking Forecast Guide, as revised from Ume to time.
This initial traffic forecast will provide the amount of traffic to be
delivered to and from Verizon over each of the Interconnection 'frunk
groups In the·LATA over the next eight (8) quarters.
14.2.2 Ongoing Trunk Forecast Reaulrements. Where the Parties have ~
already established interconnection In a LATA, Neutral Tandem shall
provide a new or revised traffic forecast that complies wtth the Verizon
lnterCOf.lnectlon Trunking Forecast Gulde when Neutral Tandem
develops plans or become.s aware of Information that wlU materially •
affect the Parties' Interconnection In that LATA. Instances that r(!ciulre
a new or revised forecast include, but are not limited to: (a) Neutral
Tandem plans to deplay a new switch; (b) Neutral Tandem plans to
implement a new POI or network architecture: (c) Neutral Tandem
plans to rearrange I~ network; {d) Neutral Tandem plans to convert a
One-Way Interconnection Trunk group to a Two-Way 1nterconnectlon
Trunk group; (e) Neutral Tandem plans·to convert a Two~Way
Interconnection Trunk group to a One-Way lntercomectlon Trunk
group; or (f) Neutral Tandem expects a significant ch~nge in
interconnection traffic volume. In addition, upon request by either
Party, the Parties shall meet to; (I) review traffic and usage data on
End Office and Tandem lntercomectlon Trunk groups and (II)
det~rmlne whether the Parties should establish new Interconnection
Trunk groups; augment existing lntercomeetion Trunk groups, or
disconnect exl~tlng Interconnection Trunks.
14.2.3 Use of Trunk Forecasts. Trunk forecasts provided pur.:suant to this
Agreement must be prepared In good faitt1 but are not otherwise
binding on Neutral Tandem or Verizon.
15. Number Portablllty ·Section 251 (B)(2}
15.1 Scope.
The Parties shall provide Number Portability (NP) in accordance with rules and
regulations as from time to time prescribed by the FCC.
t5.2 Procedures for Providing LNP (•Local Number Portability").
•
The Parties will follow the LNP provisioning process recommended by the North
· NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007r.doc 78

•
American Numbering Council {NANC) and the Industry Numbering Council (INC),
and adopted by 1he FCC. In addition, the Parties agree to follow the LNP
ordering procedures established at the OBF. The Parties shall provide LNP on a
reciprocal basis.
15.2.1 A Customer of one Party ("Party A") elects to become a Customer of
the other Party ("Party B"). The Customer elects to utilize the original
telephone number{s) corresponding to the Telephone Exchange
Service(s) it previously received from Party A. In conjunction with the
Telephone Exchange Service{s) It will now receive from Party B. After
Party B has received authorization from the Customer in accordance
with Applicable Law and sends an LSR to Party A, Parties A and B will
work together to port the Customer's telephone number(s) from Party
A's network to Party B's network.
15.2.2 When a telephone number is ported out of Party A's network, Party A
will remove any non-proprietary line based calling card(s} associated
with the ported number(s) from its Line Information Database (LIDB).
Reactivation of the line-based calling card in another LIDS, if desired.
is the responsibility of Party B or Party B's Customer.
15.2.3 When a Customer of Party A ports their telephone numbers to Party B
and the Customer has previously secured a reservation of line ~
numbers from Party A for possible activation Sit a future point, these
reserved but inactive numbers may be ported along with the active
numbers to be ported provided the numbers have been reserved for
•
the Customer. Party B may request that Party A port all reserved
numbers assigned to the Customer or that Party A port only those
numbers listed by Party B. As long as Party B maintains reserved but
Inactive numbers ported for the Customer, Party-A shall not reassign
those numbers. Party B shall not reassign the reserved numbers to
another Customer.
15.2.4 When a Customer of Party A ports their telephone numbers to Party B,
in the process of porting the Customer's telephone numbers, Party A
shall implement the ten-digit trigger feature where it Is available. When
. Party A receives the porting request, the unconditional trigger shall be
applied to the Customer's line before the due date of the porting
activity. When the ten-digit uncondltlonal trigger is not available, Party
A and Party B must coordinate the disconnect activity.
15.2.5 The Parties shall furnish each other with the Jurisdiction lnfonnation
Parameter (~IP) in the Initial Address Message (IAM), according to
industry standards.
15.2.6 Where LNP is commercially available, the NXXs in the office shall be
defined as portable, except as noted in 15.2. 7, and translations will be
changed in the Parties' switches to open those NXXs for database
queries in all applicable LNP capable offices within the LA TA of the
given switch(es). On a prospective basis, all newly deployed switches
will be equipped with LNP capability and so noted In the LERG.
15.2.7 All NXXs assigned to LNP capable switches are to be designated as
portable unless a NXX(s) has otherwise been designated as non
• portable. Non-portable NXXs include NXX codes assigned to paging
services; NXX codes assigned for internal testing and official use, ar\d
any other NXX codes required to be designated as non-portable by the
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 77

•
rules and regulatlQns of the FCC. NXX codes assigned to mass calllng
on a oholced network may not be ported using LNP techROlogy but are
portable using methods established by the NANC and adopted bythe
FCC. On .a prospective basts, newly assigned codes in switches
capable of porting shall become commercially available for porting with
the effective date In the network.
15.2.8 Both Parties' use of LNP shaH meet the performance criteria specified
by the FCC. Both Parties will act as the default carrier for1he other
Party In the event that either Party Is unable to perform the routing
necessary for LNP.
15.3 Procedures for Providing NP ThroUQh Full NXX Code Migration.
Where a Party has.a ctivated an entire NXX for a single Customer, or activated at
least eighty percent (80%) of an NXX for a single Customer, with the remaining
numbers In that NXX either feseJVed forfuture use by that Customer or otherwise
unused, If such Customer chooses to receive TelePflone·E xchange Service from
the other Party, 1he first Party shall cooperate with the second Party to have the
entire NXX reassigned in the LERG {and associated Industry databases, routing
tables, etc.) to an End Office operated by the second 'Party. Such transfer·wlll be
accomplished with appropriate coordir.iatlon between the Parties and subject to
appropriate. Industry lead times for movements of NXXs from one switch to ~
another. Neither Party shall charge the other In connection with this coordinated
tranSfer.
•
15.4 Pl'Q()edures for LNP R(l<iuest.
The Parties shall provide for the requesting of End Office t.NP capability on a
reciprocal basis through a written request The Parties acknowledge that Verizon
has deployed· LNP throughout Its network In compliance with FCC 96-286 and
other applicable FCC Regulations. ·
15.4.1 If Party B desires to have LNP capability deployed In an End Office of
Party A, which Is not currently capable, Party B shall Issue a LNP
request to Party A. Party A will respond to the Party B, ·wtthln ten (10)
days of receipt of the request. with a date for which LNP will be
available lo the requested End Office. Party A shall prc>CE*f to provide
for lNP In compliance with ttie procedures and timellnes set forth in
FCC 96-286, Paragraph 80, and FCC 97-74, Paragraphs 65 through
67.
15.4.2 The Parties ~nowledge that each can determine the LNP-capable
End Offices of the other through the Local Exchange Routing Guide
(LERG). In addition, the Partles shall make Information available upon
reqaest showing their respective LNP-<;apable End Offices, as set forth
In this Section 15.4.
15.5- Neutral Tandem shall submit orders to port numbers efectronlcally using an LSR
via the VerlzOD web ~raphlcal User Interface (•GUI") or Etectronio Data Interface
("EDI") pursuant to the Instructions, business rules and gufdeHnes set forth on the
Verizon Partner Solutions website (fonneriy referred to as the Verizon wholesale
website).
16. Good Faith Performance •
If and, to the eXtent that, 'ilertzon, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, has not
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doe 78
·······-------------------~------------

•
provided in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a Service offered under this Attachment,
Verizon reserves the rightto negotiate in good faith with Neutral Tandem reasonable
terms and conditions (including, without limitation, rates and Implementation timeframes)
for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such tenns and conditions (including,
without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes), either Party may utilize the
Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
.,
•
•
NT PAe Compv3.1 09262007f.doc 79

•
RESALE ATTACHMENT
1. General
_vertzon shall provide to Neutral Tandem, in accordance wfth this Agreement (Including,
b1.1t not llmlted to, Verlzon's applicable Tal'lffs) and the requirements of Applk:abfe Law,
Vertzon's Telecommunications Services for resale by Neutrar Tand&m; provided, that
notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Verizon shall be obligated to
provide TeleOommunlcations Services to Neutral Tandem only to the exte-nt required by
Applicable Law and may decline to provide a Telecommunications Service to Neutral
T-andem to the extent that provision of such Telecommunications Service Is not requlr~d
by Applicable Law.
2. Use of Verizon T•l4'Commu'11catlons Services
2.1 Verizon Telecommunications Services may be purchased by Neu1ral Tandem
under 1hls Resale Attaehment only for the PUlJ>Ose of resale by-Neutral Tandem·
as a Telecommunications carrier. Verizon Telecommunications Services to be
purchased by Neutral Tandem for other purposes (Including, but not limited to,
Neutral Tandem's cmn use) must be purchased by Neutral Tandem pursuant to
other applicable Attachments to this Agreement (If any), or separate written _
agreements, Including, but not limited to, applicable Verizon Tariffs.
2.2 Neutral Tandem shall not resell:
2.2.1 Residential service to persons not eUglble fo subscribe to such service ••
from Venzon (Including, but not limited to, business or other
nonresidential Custoniers );
2.2.2 Ufeline, Unk Up America, or other means.-tested service offerings, to
persons not eligible to subscribe to such service offerings from
Venzon;
2.2.3 Grandfathered or discontinued service offerings to persons not eligible
to subscribe to such service offerings from Verizsn; or
2.2.4 Any other Verizon service In violation of a restriction stated in this
Agreement (Including, but not limited to, a Verizon Tariff} that is not
-· prohibited by Applicable Law.
;- . .
2.2.5 In addition to any other actions taken by Neutral Tandem to comply
with this Section 2.2, Neutral Tandem shall.t ake 1hose actions required
by Applicable Law to determine the ellglblllty of Neutral Tandem
Customers to purchase a service, including, but not limited to,
obtaining a.ny .proof or certification of ellglt>lllty to purchase Lifeline,
Unk Up America, qr other means-tested services, required by
Applicable Law. Neutral Tandem shall Indemnify Verizon from any
Claims resulting from Neutral Tandem's failure to take such actions
required by Applicable Law.
2.2.6 Verizon may perform audits to confirm Neutral Tandem's conformity to
the provisions of this Section 2.2. Such audits may be performed twice
per calendar year and shall be performed ir:t accordance With Section 7
of the General Terms and Conditions.
.· •
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doe 80
------------------------------
·----··--·

•
2.3 Neutral Tandem shall be subject to the same limitations that Verlzon's
Customers are subject to with respect to any Tefecommunlcations Service that
Verizon grandfathers or discontinues offering. Without limiting the foregoing,
except to the extent that Verizon follows a different practice for Verizon
Customers In regard to a grandfathered Telecommunications Service, such
grandfathered Telecommunications Service: (a) shall be available only to a
Customer that already has such Telecommunications Service: (b) may not be
moved to a new service location; and (c) will be furnished only to the extent that
facilities continue to be available to provide such Telecommunications Service.
·2.4 Neutral Tandem shall not be eligible to participate in any Verizon plan or program
under which Verizon Customers may obtain products or services, which are not
Verizon Telecommunicatlons Services, in retum for trying, agreeing to purchase,
purchasing, or using Verizon Telecommunications Services.
2.5 In accordance with 47 CFR § 51.617(b), Verizon shall be entitled to all charges
for Verizon Exchange Access services used by interexchange carriers to provide
service to Neutral Tandem Customers.
3. Availability of Verizon Telecommunications Services
3.1 Verizon will provide a Verizon Telecommunications Service to Neutral Tandem
for resale pursuant to this Attachment where and to the same extent, but only
where and to the same extent that such Verizon Telecommunications Service is
provided to Verlzon's Customers.
•
3.2 Except as otherwise required by Applicable Law, subject to Section 3.1 of this
Attachment, Verizon shall have the right to add, modify, grandfather, discontinue
or withdraw Verizon Telecommunications Services at any time, without the
consent of Neutral Tandem.
3.3 To the extent required by Applicable Law, the Verizon Telecommunicatlons
Services to be provided to Neutral Tandem for resale pursuant to this Attachment
will include a Verizon Telecommunications Service customer-specific c6ntract
service arrangement (•CSA") (such as a customer specific pricing arrangement
or individual case based pricing arrangement) that Verizon is providing to a
Verizon Customer at the time the CSA is requested by Neutral Tandem.
4. Responsibility for Charges
.4.1 Neutral Tandem shall be responsible for and pay to Verizon all charges for any
Telecommunications Services provided by Verizon or provided by. persons other
than Verizon and billed for by Verizon, that are ordered, activated or used by
Neutral Tandem, Neutral Tandem Customers or any other persons, through, by
means of, or In assoclatjon with, Telecommunications Services provided by
Verizon to Neutral Tandem pursuant to this Resale Attachment.
·4.2 Upon request by Neutral Tandem, Verizon will provide for use on resold Verizon
retail Telecommunications Service dial tone lines purchased by Neutral Tandem
sUch Verizon retail Telecommunications Service call blocking and call screening
services as Verizon provides to Its own end user retail Customers, where and to
the extent Verizon provides such Verizon retail Telecommunications Service call
blocking services to Verizon's own end user retail Customers. Neutral 'Tandem
understands and agrees that certain of Verizon's call blocking and call screening
• services are not guaranteed to block or screen all calls and that notwithstanding
Neutral Tandem's purchase of such blocking or screening services, Neutral
.
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 81

•
Tandem'$ end user Customers or other persons ordering, activating or using
Telecomtntinlcatlons Services on the resold dial tone lines may complete or
accept calls which Neutral Tandem intend~ to block. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Neutral Tandem shall be responsible for and shall pay Verizon all
charges for Telecommunications Services provided by Verizon or provided by
persons other than Verizon and billed for by Verizon in accordance with the
terms of Section 4.1 above •
5. .()~rations Matters
5.1 Facilities.
5.1.1 Verizon and Its suppliers shall retain ·an of 'their right, title and interest
in all facilities, equipment, software, information, and wlring used to
provide Verizon Telecommunications Services.
5.1.2 Verizon shall have access at all reasonable times to Neutral Tandem
Customer locations for the purpose of Installing, Inspecting,
maintaining, r~palring, and removing, faciffties, equipment, software,
and wiring .used to provide the Verizon TelecommunicaUons Services.
Neutral Tandem shall, at Neutral Tandem's expense, Obtain any rights
and authorizations necessary for such access .
.
.
5.1.3 Except as otherwise agreed to in writing by Ver1%on, Verizon shall not
be responsibl& for1he Installation, inspection, repair, maintenance, or
removal of (acllltles, equipment, softwaret or wiring provided by Neutral
Tandem or Neutral Tandem Custamers for use with Verizon •
TelecommunlcaUons Services.
5.2 Branding.
5.2.1 Except as stated In Section 5.2.2 of this Attachment, in providing
Verizon Telecommunlcatlons Services to Neutral Tandem, Verizon
shall have the rlght (but not the obligation) to Identify the Verizon
Telecommunications Services with Verizo'n's trade names, trademarks
and service marks {"Verizon Marks•), to the same extent that these
Services are Identified with Verizon's Marks when they ate provided to
Verlzon's customers. Any such Identification of Verizon's
TeJecommunlcatlons Services shall not constitute the grant of a license
or other right to Neutral Tandem to use \lerizon's Marks.
5.2.2 To the extent reqttlrecl:by Applicable Law, upon-req®St by Neutral
Tandem and at prices, terms and conditions to be negotiated by
Neutral Tandem and Verizon, Verizon shall provide Verizon
Telecommunications Services for resale that are Identified by Neutral
Tandem's trade name, or that are not Identified by trade natne,
trademark or service mark.
5.2.3 If Verizon uses a third-party contractor to provide Verizon operator
services or Verizon directory assl~tance, Neutral Tandem will be
responsible for entering Into a direct contractual arrangement with the
third-party contractor at Neutral Tandem's expense (a) to obtain
Identification of Verizon operator services ot Verizon directory
assistance purchased by Neutral Tandem for resale with Neutral
Tandem's trade name, or (b) to obtain removal of Verizon Marks from
Verizon o~rator services or Verizon directory assistance puroha589 •
by Neutral Tandem for resale.
NT P~ Compv3.1 09282007f.doo 82
-------·-----------------~----------------

•
6. Rates and Charges
The rates and charges for Verizon Telecommunication Services purchased by Neutral
Tandem for resale pursuant to this Attachment shall be as provided in this Attachment
and the Pricing Attachment.
7. Good Faith Performance
If and, to the extent that, Verizon, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, has not
provided In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a Service offered under this Attachment,
Verizon reserves the right to negotiate in good faith with Neutral Tandem reasonable
terms and conditions (including, without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes)
for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such terms and conditions (including,
without limitation, rates and implementation tlmeframes), either Party may utilize the
Agreemenfs dispute resolution procedures •
••
•
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 83

•
NETWORK ELEMENTS ATTACHMENT
1. · General
1.1 Verizon shall provide to Neutral Tandem, In accordance with this Agreement
(Including, but not-limited to, Verlzon's applicable Tai:tffs) and the requirements of
the Federal Unbundling Rules, access to Verizon's Network Elements on·an
unbundled basis and In combinations (Com~tion$}, and UNEs commingled
with wholesale services ("Commingling•); provided, however, that
notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreemf:)nt, Verizon shall be obligated
to provide access to unbundled Network Elements (UNEs), Combinations, and
Commingling to Neutral Tandem under the terms of this Agreement only to the
extent required by the Federal Unbundling Rules and may decline to provide
access to UNEs, ComblnatiQns, or Commingling to Neutral Tandem to the extent
that provision of such UNEs, Combinations, or Comniingllng Is not required by
the Federal Unbundling Rules.
1.2 Verizon shall be obligated to combine UNEs that are not already combined In
Verizon's network only to the.e xtent required by the Federal UnbundUng Rules.
Except as ·otherwise required by this Agreement and the Federal Unbundling
Rules: {a) Verizon shall be obligated to provide a UNE or Combination pLKSUant
to this Agreement only to the extent such UNE or Combination, and the
equipment and facllltles necessary to provide sudt UNE or Combination, are
already available in Verlzon's. network; and (b) Verizon shall have no obligation to
construct. modify, or deploy faclllties or eqUipment to offer any UNE or •
Combination.
1.3 Neutral Tandem may use a UNE or Combination only for those purposes for
which Verizon Is required by the Federal Unbundling Rules to provide such UNE
or Combination to Neutral Tandem. Without Umlting the foregoing, Neutral
Tandem may not access a UNE or Combination for the exclusive provision of
Mobile Wireless Setvioes or lnterexchange Setvlces. For purposes of thfs
section, "lnterexchange Services" shall have 1he meaning set forth In the
Triennial Review Remand Order and subsequent appllcable FCC orders. .
1.3.1 Verizon shall not be obligated to provide to Neutral Tandem, and
Neutral Tandem shall not request from Verizon, access to a proprietary
· advanced intelligent network service.
1.4. Nothing contained In this Agreement shall be Qeemed-to constitute an agreement
by Verizon that any Item Identified In this Agreement as a Network Element Is (I)
a Netw6rk Element under the-Federal Unbundling Rules, or (ii) a Network
Element Verizon Is required by the Federal Unbul\dliRg Rules to provide. to
Neutral T.andem on an unbundled basis or In combination with other Network
Elements. ·
1.5 If as the result of Neutral Tandem Customer actions (e.g., Customer Not Ready
(~CNR")), Verizon cannot complete requested work aetlvlty when a technician
has been dispat~ to Jhe Neutral Tandem Customer-premises, Neutral ·
Tandem will be assessed a non-recumng charge associated with this visit. This
charge will be the sum of the applicable Service Order Charge as proVided in the
Pricing Attachment and the Customer Not Ready Charge provided for In the
Pricing Attachment (or, In the absence of a customer Not Ready Charge, the
•
Premises Visit Charge as provided In Verlzon's applicable retail or wholesale...
Tariff or In the Pricing Attachment).
NT·PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc
-··--· -·--·-------~------------------------------

•
1.6 Absence or Cessation of Unbundling Obligation and Related Provisions. The
following provisions shall apply notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement or any Verizon Tariff or SGAT.:
1.6.1 Discontinued Facilities.
1.6.1.1 Verizon may cease offering or providing Neutral Tandem
with access on an unbundled basis at rates prescribed
under Section 251 of the Act to any facility that is or
becomes a Discontinued Facility, whether as a stand-alone
UNE, as part of a Combination, or otherwise. To the extent
Verizon has not already ceased offering.or providing
unbundled access to a particular Discontinued Facility that
is a Discontinued Facility as of the Effective Date, Verizon
may cease offering or providing unbundled access to such
Discontinued Facility immediately upon the Effective Date
without further notice to Neutral Tandem. Subject to
Section 1.7 below, If a facility on or at any time after the
Effective Date is or becomes a Discontinued Facnlty,
Verizon. to the extent It has not already ceased providing
unbundled access to such Discontinued Facility, and
provided It has given at least ninety (90) days written notice
of discontinuance in cases where it has not already ceased
providing such access, will continue to provide unbundled
access to such Discontinued Facility under the Agreement
only through the effective date of the notice of
•
discontinuance, and not beyond that date.
1.6.1.2 Where Verizon is pennltted to cease providing a
Discontinued Facility pursuant to Section 1.6.1 above and
Neutral Tandem has not submitted an LSR or ASR, as
appropriate, to Verizon requesting disconnection of the
Discontinued Facility and has not separately secured from
Verizon an alternative arrangement to replace the
Discontinued Facility, then Verizon, to the extent it has not
already done so, may disconnect the subject Discontinued
Facility without further notice to Neutral Tandem. In lieu of
disconnecting the subject Discontinued Facility fn the
foregoing circumstances, Verizon, in Its sole discretion, may
elect to: {a) convert the subject Discontinued Facility to_a n
a~nQ!'!ment available under a Verizon access tariff (In
which case month-to-month rates shall apply unless a
different rate applies under an applicable special access
tenn/volume plan or other special access tariff arrangement
In which Neutral Tandem Is then enrolled), a resale
arrangement. or other analogous arrangement that Verizon
. shall identify or has identified in wntlng to Neutral Tandem,
or (b) in lieu of such a conversion, reprice the subject
Discontinued Facility by application of a new rate (or, in
Verfzon's sole disa-etion, by application of a surcharge to an
existing rate) to be equivalent to an arrangement avalla.ble
under a Verizon access tariff (at month-to-month rates
unless a different rate applies under an applicable special
access term/volume plan or other special access tariff
arrangement in which Neutral Tandem is then enrolled), a
resale arrangement, or other analogous arrangement that
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 85
L------------- -----. ... - ....

•
VerizoA shall identify or has identified In writing ta Neutral
Tandem; provided, however, that Verizon may disconnect
the subject Discontinued Facility (or the replacement
service to which the Discontinued Facility has been
converted) If Neutral Tandem falls to pay when due any
applicable new rate or surQharge billed by Verizon.
· 1. 7 1RRO Certification and Related Provisions.
1.7.1 TRRO Certification. Before requesting unbundled access to a DS1
Loop, a DS3 Loop, DS1 Dedicated Transport, 0$3 DedlCated
Tmnsport, or D~rk Fiber Transport, Including, but not limited to, any of
the foregoing elements that constitute part of a Combination or that
Neutral Tandem $88ks to convert from another wholesale service to an
unbundled netwQrk element (coUectively, "TRRO Certification
Elements"), Neutral Tandem must undertake a reasonably dUlgent
Inquiry and, based on that Inquiry, certify that, to the best of Its
knowledge, Neutral Tandem's request is consistent with the
requirements of the TRRO and that Neutral Tandem i·s entitled to
unbundled access to the subject element pursuant to section 251(cX3)
of the Act Neutral Tandem shall provide such.c ertification using the
automated method that Verizon makes avaUable for that purpose.
Neutral Tandem's reasonably diligent Inquiry must include, at a
minimum, consideration of any list of no™mpalred UNE Wire Centers
that Verizon makes or has made avaHable to Neutral Tandem by notice
and/or by publication on Verizon's wholesale website (the "Wire Center
usr) and any back-up data that Verizon provides or has provided to •
Neutral Tandem under a.n on.disclosure agreement or that Is otherwise
available to Neutral Tandem.
1.7.2 Provision-then-Dispute Requirements.
1.7.2.1 Upon receiving a request from Neutral Tandem for
unbundled access to a TRRO Certification Element and the
certification required by Section 1.7.1 above, and except as
prc;>vided.ln Section 1.7.2.3 below, Verizon shall process the
request In accordance with any applicable standard
lnt~als. If Verizon wishes to challenge Neutral Tandem's
right to obtain unbundled access to the subject element
pursuanUo 47 U.S.C. § 251(cX3), then {e>ecept as provided
. In SectiQn 1.7.2.3· below) Verizon must provision the subject
element.as a UNE and then seek resolution of tbe·d ispute
by the Commission or the FCC, or through such other
dispute resolution process that Verizon elects to Invoke
under the dispute resolution provisions of this Agreement.
1.7.2.2 If a dispute pursuant to section 1.7 .2.1 above is resolved in
Verlzon's favor, then Neutral Tandem shall compensate
Verizon for the additional charges that would apply If .
Neutral Tandem had ordered the subject facility or service
term
Qfl a month..fo-month under. V~rizon's interstate special
access tartff(exceptas provided In section 1.7.2.2.1 below
as
tO Dark Fiber Transport} and any other applicable
charges, applicable back to the date of provisioning
(Including, but not limited to, late payment charges for the •
unpaid difference between UNE and access tariff rates):
The month-to-month rates shall apply until such time as
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 86