•
operE!torthe acceptable billing methods for calls originating from the ·camng number (e.g.,
penal lnstJtutJons. COCOTS). · ·
8. · -Operations Support Systems (OSS) Services
8.1 Definitions.
The terms trsted below shall have.the meanings stated below:
8.1.1 Verizon Ooerattons Suooort Systems: Verizon systems for pre
ordering, ordering, provisioning; maintena~ and repair, and billing.
8.1.2. Verizon OSS Services: Access to Verizon Operations Support
Systems functions. The term "Verizon OSS Services" lnciudes, but is
not llmlted ta; {a) Verlzon's pr.ovlslon of Neutral Tandem Usage
Information to Neutral Tandem pursuant to Section 8.3 of this
Attachment; and, (b) "Verizon ass Information", as defined In Section
8.1.4 of thfs Attachment
ass
8.1.3 verizon Facilities: Any gateways, Interfaces, databases, facil~s,
equfprnent, software, or systems, used by Verizon to provide Verizon
ass
Servi~ to Neutral Tanclem.
8.1 .4 Verizon .ass Information: Any lnfonnatlon accessed by, or disclosed
ass
or provided to, Neutral Tandem through or as a part of Verizon
Services. The term "Verizon OSS Information" includes, but Is not
limited to: (a) any Customer Information related to a Verizon Customer
or a Neutral Tandem Customer accessed by, or disclosed or provided
to, Neutral Tqndem throt-'Qh or as a part of Verizon OSS Services; and, •
(b) any Neutral Tandem Usage Information (as defined In SectJon 8.1.6
of this Attacbment) accessed by, or disclosed or provided to, Neutral
Tandem.
8.1.5 Verizon Retail Tetecommunrcatlons ~: Any Telecommunications
Servlc8
that Verizon provides at retail to subscribers that are not
Telecommunications earners. The term "Verizon Retail
Telecommunications Service" does not include any Exchange Access
service (as defined In Section 3(16)-of the Act. 47 U.S.C. § 153(16))
provided by Venzon.
8.1.6 Neutral Jandem Usage Information: For a Verizon Retail
Telecommunications Service purchased by Neutral Tandem pursuant
tQ the Resale Attachment, the usage Information that Verizon would
record If Verizon was furnishing such Verizon Retail
Tetecommunieatlons Service to a Verizon end-userretau Customer.
. 8.1.7 Customer lnfonnatlon: CPNI of a Customer and any other non-public,
Individually ldentiflable Information about a Customer or the purchase
by a Customer of the services or products of a Party.
a.2 ass
Verizon Services.
8.2.1 Upon request by Neutral Tandem, Verizon sh$11 provide to Neutral
Tandem Verizon OSS Services. Such Verizon ass Services will be
provided In accordance with, but only to the extent required by, •
Applicable Law.
NT PAe CompV3.1 09282Q07f.doc 48

•
8.2.2 Subject to the requirements of Applicable .Law, Verizon Operations
Support Systems, Verizon Operations Support Systems functions,
Verizon OSS Facilities; Verizon OSS Information, and the Verizon
OSS Services that will be offered by Verizon, shall be as determined
by Verizon. Subject to the requirements of Applicable Law, Verizon
shall have the right to change Verizon Operations Support Systems,
Verizon Operations Support Systems functions, Verizon OSS
Facllltles, Verizon OSS Information, and the Verizon OSS Services,
from time-to-time, without the consent of Neutral Tandem.
8.2.3 To the extent required by Applicable Law, in providing Verizon OSS
Services to Ne1.1tral Tandem, Verizon will comply with Verizon's
applicable OSS Change Management Guidelines, as such Guidelines
ar.e modified from time-to-time, including, but not limited to, the
provisions of the Guidelines related to furnishing notice of changes in
Verizon OSS Services. Verizon's OSS Change Management
Guidelines will be set out on a Verizon website.
8.3 Neutral Tandem Usage Information.
8.3.1 Upon request by Neutral Tandem, Verizon shall provide to Neutral
Tandem Neutral Tandem Usage Information. Such Neutral Tandem
Usage Information will be provided in accordance with, but only to the
extent required by, Applicable Law.
8.3.2 Neutral Tandem Usage Information will be available to Neutral Tandem
•
through Network Data Mover (NDM) or other such media as mutually
agreed by both Parties•
8.3.3 Neutral Tandem Usage Information will be provided in an ATIS EMI
fonnat.
8.3.4 Except as stated in this Section 8.3, subject to the requirements of
Appftcable Law• .t he manner in which, and the frequency with which,
Neutral Tandem Usage Information will be provided to Neutral Tandem
shall be determined by Verizon.
8.4 Access to and Use of Verizon OSS Facilities.
8.4.1 Verizon OSS Facilities may be accessed and used by Neutral Tandem
only to the ~xteAt necessary for Neutral T~;mdem's access to and use
of Verizon ·oss Services pursuant to this Agreement.
8.4.2 Verizon OSS Facilities may be accessed and used by Neutral Tandem
only to provide Telecommunicatie5ns Services to Neutral Tandem
Customers.
8.4.3 Neutral Tandem shall restrict access to and use of Verizon OSS
Facilities to Neutral Tandem. This Section 8 does not grant to Neutral
Tandem any right or license to grant sublicenses to other persoas, or
permission to other persons (except Neutral Tandem's employees,
agents and contractors, in accordance with Section 8.4. 7 of this
Attachment}, to access or use Verizon OSS Facllltles.
8.4.4 Neutral Tandem shall not (a} alter, modify or damage the Verizon OSS
• Facilities (including, but not limited to, Verizon software}, (b) copy, •·
remove, derive, reverse engineer, or decompile, software from the
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 49
---- - - --- -------·---·-
.. ... .

•
Verizon OSS Facilities, or (c) obtain access through Verizon OSS
facilities to Verizon databases, facilities, .equipment. software, or
systems, which are not offered·for Neutral Tandem's use under this
Sectfon 8.
. 8.4.5 Neutral Tandem shall comply witb all practices and procedures
established by Verizon for access t9 and use of Verizon OSS Facllltles
(Including, but not limited to, Verizon practices and procedlKes with
regard to security and use of access and user Identification codes).
8.4.6 All M1ctices and procedures tor access to and use of Verizon OSS
Facllltles, and all access and user Identification codes for Verizon OSS
.F acilities: {a) shall remain the property of Verizon; {b) shall be used by
Neutral Tandem only in eotinection with Neutral T-andem's use of
Verizon OSS Facllltles permitted by this Section 8;.. (c) shall be treated
by Neutral Tandem as Confidential Information of Verizon pursuant to
Section 1C J of the General Terms and Conditions; and, (d ) shall be
destroyed or retumed by Neutral Tandem to Verizon upon the earfler of
request by Verizon or the expiration or termination of this Agreement
8.4. 7 · Neutral Tandem's employees, agents and contractors may access and
':'se Verizon OSS Facilities only to the extent necessary for Neutral
Tandem's access to and use of the Verizon OSS Facilities permitted
by this Agreement Any access to or use of Verizon OSS Facilities by
Neutral Tandem's employees, agents, or contractors, shaH be subject
to the provisions of this Agreement, including, but not llmlted to,
•
.Section 10 of the General Terms and Conditions aod Section 8.5.3.2 of
this Attachment.
8.5 Verizon OSS Information.
8.5.1 Subject to the provisions of this Section 8, In accordance With, but only
to the extent required by, Applicable-Law, Verizon grants to Neutral
Tandem a non-exclusive license to use Verizon OSS lnfonnation.
8.5.2 All Verizon QSS Information $hall at all times ~emaln the property of
Verizon. Except as expressly stated in this Section 8, Neutral Tandem
shall acquire no rights in or to any Verlzon OSS Information.
.. 8.5.3 The provisions of this Seciion 8.5.3 shell apply to all Verizon OSS
Information, except (a) Neutral Tanctem Usage lnfonnaUon, (b) CPNI of
Neutral Ta/Idem, and (c) CPNI of a.V enzon Customer or a Neutral
Tandem Customer, to the extent the Customer has authorized Neutral
Tandem to use the CPNI.
8.5.3.1 Verizon OSS lnfo.rmatlon may be accessed and used by
Neutral Tandem only to provide T.elecommunlcations
Services to Neutral Tandem Customers.
8.5.3.2 Neutral Tandem shall treat Verizon OSS Information that is
.designated by Verizon, through written or electronic notice
(including, but not limited to, through the Verizon OSS
Services), as "Confidentlar or "Proprietary" as Confl~ntfal
·information of Verizon pursuant to Section 10 of th~
Gelleral Terms and Conditions. •
NT PAeCompv3.1 09282007f.doc 50

•
8.5.3.3 Except as expressly stated in this Section 8, this Agreement
does not grant to Neutral Tandem any right or license to
grant sublicenses to. other persons, or pennission to other
persons (except Neutral Tandem's employees, agents or
contractors, in accordance with Section 8.5.3.4 of this
Attachment), to access, use or disclose Verizon OSS
Information. ·
8.5.3.4 Neutral Tandem's employees, agents and contractors may
access, use and disclose Verizon OSS Information only to
the extent necessary for Neutral Tandem's access to, and
use and disclosure of, Verizon OSS Information permitted
by this Section 8. Any access to, or use or disclosure of,
Verizon OSS lnfonnatlon by Neutral Tandem's employees,
agents or contractors, shall be subject to the provisions of
this Agreement, Including, but not limited to, Section 10 of
the General Terms and Conditions and Section 8.5.3.2 of
this Attachment.
8.5.3.5 Neutral Tandem's license to use Verizon OSS Information
shall expire upon the earliest of: (a) the time when the
Verizon OSS Information is no longer needed by Neutral
Tandem to provide Telecommunications Services to Neatral
Tandem Customers; (b) termination of the license in
accordance with this Section 8; or (c) expiration or
termination of this Agreement.
•
8.5.3.6 All Verizon OSS lnfonnation received by Neutral Tandem
shall be destroyed or returned by Neutral Tandem to
Verizon, upon expiration, suspension or termination of the
license to use such Verizon OSS Information.
8.5.4 Unless sooner terminated or suspended in accordance with this
Agreement or this Section 8 (including, but not limited to, Section 2.2 of
the General Terms and Conditions and Section 8.6.1 of this
Attachment), Neutral Tandem's access to Verizon OSS Information
through Verizon OSS Services shall terminate upon the expiration or
termination of this Agreement.
8.5.5 Audits.
8.5.5.1 Verizon shall have the right (but nQt the obligation) to audit
Neutral Tandem to ascertain whether Neutral Tandem is
complying with the requirements of Applicable Law and this
Agreement with regard to Neutral Tandem's access to, and
use and disclosure of, Verizon OSS Information.
8.5.5.2 Without In any way limiting any other rights Verizon may
have under this Agreement or Applicable Law, Verizon shall
have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor Neutral
Tandem's access to and use of Verizon OSS Information
which Is made available by Verizon to Neutral Tandem
pursuant to this Agreement, to ascertain whether Neutral
Tandem Is complying with the requirements of Applicable
Law and this Agreement. with regard to Neutral Tandem 's
•
access to, and use and disclosure of, such Verizon OSS·
Information. The foregoing right shall include, but not be
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 51
L__ ___ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ______ ...... - ·-··· ·-

•
limited to, the right {but not the obligation} to electronlcally
.monitor Neutral Tandem's access to and use of Vertzon
OSS Information which is made available by Verizon to
Neutral Tandem through Verizon OSS Facilities.
-8.5.5.3 Information obtained by Verizon pursuant to this Section
8.5.5 shall be treated by Verizon as Confidential Information
of Neutral Tandem pursuant to Section 1O of the General
Terms and Conditions; provided that, V~zon shaU have the
right (but not the obligation) to use and disclose Information.
obtained by Verizon pursuant to Section 8.5.5 of this
Attachment to enforce Verizon's rights under this
Agreement or Applicable Law.
8.5.6 Neutral T~ndem acknowledges that the Verizon OSS Information, by
its nature, Is updated and corrected on a continuous basis by Verizon,
and therefore that Verizon OSS Information is subject to change from
Umeto time-.
8.6 Uabllitles and Remedies.
8.6.1 Any bceaCh by Neutral Tandem, or Neutral Tandem's employees,
agents or contractors, of the provisions of Sections 8.4 or 8.5 of this
Attachment shall be deemed a matertaf breach of this Agreement In
addition. if Neutral 1.andem or an employee, agent or contractor of
Neutral Tandem at any time breaches a provision of Sections 8.4 or
•
8.5 of this Attachment and such breach continues for more than ten
{10) days after written notice thereof from Verizon, then, except as
otherwise requir~ by Applicable Law, Verizon shall have the right,
upon notice to Neutral Tandem, to suspend the license to use Verizon
OSS Information granted by Section 8.5.1 of this Attachment and/or
the provlslori of Verizon OSS Services, In whole or In part.
8.6.2 Neutral Tandem agrees that Verizon would be Irreparably Injured by a
breach of Sections 8.4 or 8.5 of this Attachment by Neutral Tandem or
the employees, agents or contractors of Neutral Tandem, and that
Verizon shall be entltfed to seek equltabfe relief, including Injunctive
relief and specific performance, In the event of any ~uch breach. Such
remedies shall not be deemed fo be the exclusive remedies for any
such breach, but shaU be in addition to any other remedies available
under this Agreement or at law or In equity. -
8.T Relation to Appllcabfe Law.
tJte provisions of SectiQflS 8.4, 8.5 and 8.6 of this Attachment with regard to the
confidentiality of Information shall be in addition to and not In derogation of any
provisions of Appllcable Law with regard to the con.fidentiallty of Information,
Including, but not limited to, 47 U.S.C. § 222, and are not Intended to constitute a
waiver by Verizon of any right with regard to protection of the confidentiality of
the information of Verizon or Verizon Customers provided by AppNcable Law.
8.8 Cooperation.
Neutral Tandem, at Neutral Tandem's expense, smtll reasonably cooperate with
Verizon In using Verizon OSS Services. Such cooperation shall Include, but not •
be limited' to, the following: .·
NT PAe Compv3.1 Q9282007f.doc
--·--·--·-·--··------~-------------------------

•
8.8.1 Upon request by Verizon, Neutral Tandem shall by no later than the
fifteenth (15th) day of the last month of each Calendar Quarter submit
to Verizon (easonable, good faith estimates of the volume of each type
of OSS transaction that Neutral Tandem anticipates submitting In each
week of the next Calendar Quarter.
8.8.2 Neutral Tandem shall reasonably cooperate with Verizon in submitting
orders for Verizon Services and otherwise using the Verizon OSS
Services, In order to avoid exceeding the capacity or capabilities of
such Verizon OSS Services.
8.8.3 Neutral Tandem shall participate in cooperative testing of Verizon OSS
Services and shall provide assistance to Verizon In identifying and
correctjng mistakes, omissions, interruptions, delays, errors, defects,
faults, failures, or other deficiencies, in Verizoo OSS Services.
8.9 Verizon Aceess to Information Related to Neutral Tandem Customers.
8.9.1 Verizon shall have the right to access, use and dlsclose Information
related to Neutral Tandem Customers that is in Verizon's possession
(including, but not limited to, in Verizon OSS Facilities) to the extent
such access, use and/or disclosure has been authorized by the Neutral
Tandem Customer in the manner required by Applicable Law.
8.9.2 Upon request by Verizon, Neutral Tandem shall negotiate in good faith
and enter into a contract with Verizon, pursuant to which Verizon may
•
obtain access to Neutral Tandem's operations support systems
(Including, systems for pre-ordering, ordering, provisioning,
maintenance and repair, and billing) and information contained In such
systems, to permit Verizon to obtain information related to Neutral
Tandem Customers (as authorized by the applicable Neutral Tandem
Customer}, to permit Customers to transfer service from one
Telecommunications carrier to another, and for such other purposes
as may be permitted by Applicable Law.
8.10 [Intentionally Left Blank].
8.11 Cancellations.
Verizon may cancel orders for service which have had no activity within thirty-one
(31) consecutive calendar days after the original service due date.
9. Poles, Ducts, Conduits and Rf.,hts-ofNWay
9.1 Verizon shall afford Neutral Tandem non-discriminatory access to poles, ducts,
conduits and rights-of-way owned or controlled by Verizon. Such access shall be
provided in accordance with, but only to the extent required by, Applicable Law,
pursuant to Verizon's applicable Tariffs, or, in the absence of an applicable
Verizon Tariff, Verizon's generally offered form of license agreement, or, in the
absence of such a Tariff and license agreement. a mutually acceptable
agreement to be negotiated by the Parties.
9.2 Neutral Tandem shall afford Verizon non-discriminatory access to poles, ducts,
conduits and rights-of-way owned or controlled by Neutral Tandem. Such access
shall be provided pursuant to Neutral Tandem's applicable Tariffs, or, in tbe
•
absence of an applicable Neutral Tandem Tariff, Neutral Tandem's generally .
offered form of license agreement, or, in the absence of such a Tariff and license
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 53
_J

•
..
agreement, a mutually acceptable agreement to be negotiated by the Parties.
The terms, conditions ~nd prices offered to Verizon by Neutral Tandem for such
access shalf. be no less .favorable than the terms, condlUons and prices offered to
Neutral Tandem by Verizon for access to poles, ducts, conduits and rights of way
owned or controlled. by Verizon.
10. Telephone Numbers
· 1"0.1 This Section applfes In connectloA with Neutral Tandem Customers served by
Telecommunications Services provided by Verizon to Neutral Tandem for resale.
10.2 Neutral Tandem's t.1se of telephone numbers shaK be subject to Applicable Law
the rules oft he North American Numbering Council and 1he North American
Numbering Plan Administrator, the appUcable provisions of this Agreement
(lnQ!udlng, but not limited to, this Section 1O ), and Verizon's practices and
proceduras for 1:1se and assignment of telephone numbers, as amended from
tlme-to-tfme.
10.3 Subject to Sections 10.2 and 10.4 of this Attachment, if a Customer of either
Verizon or Neutral Tande!Ti who Is served by a Verizon Telecommunications
Service ("VJ"S•) chang.es the LEC that serves the Customer using such vrs
(Including a change from Verizon to Neutral Tandem, from ·Neutral Tandem to
.
Verizon, or from Neutral Tandem to a LEC other than Venzon), after such
change, the Customer may continue to use With such VTS the telephone
numbers that were assigned to the VTS for the use of such Customer by Verizon
lmmedfatety prior to 1he change.
•
10:.-4 Verizon shall have the right to change the telephone numbers used by a
Customer If at any time: {a}the Customer requests service at a new location,
that I~ not served by~ Verizon switch and the Verizon rate center from which
the Customer prevlou$1y had service; {b) continued use of the telephone
numbers ls not technlcalry feasible; or, (c) In the case of Telecommunications
Service provided by Verizon to Neutral Tandem for resale, the type or class of
service subscribed·t o by the Customer changes.
10.5 If service on a VTS provided by Verizon to Neulral Tandem under this Agreement
vrs
Is terml°'ted and the telephone numbers associated with such have not
been ported to a Neutral Tandem switch, the telephone numbers shall be
available for reassignment by Verizon to any person to whom Verizon elects to
assign the telephone num,bers, Jncludlng, but not limited to, Verizon, Verizon
Customers, Neutral Taridem, or Telt:ICot'nmunicStions Carriers other than Verizon
and Neutral Tandem.
. 10.6 Neutral Tandem may reserve telephone numbers only to the extent Verizon's
Customers may reserve telephone numbers.
11. Routing for Operator Services and Directory Assistance Traffic
For a Verizon Telecommunications Service dial tone line purchased by Neutral Tandem
.. for resale pursuant to the Resale Attachment, upon request by Neutral Tandem, Verizon
..
will establish an arrangement that will permit Neutral Tandem to route the Neutral .
Tandem Customers calls for operator and directory assistance services to a provider of
operator and directory assistance services selected by Neutral Tandem. Verizon wlll
provide this routing arrangement in accordance with, but only to the extent required by,
Applicable Law. Verizon will provide this routing arrangement pursuant to an appropriate •
written request submitted by Neutral Tandem and a mutually agreed-upon schedule ..
Thls routing arrangement·Wlll be Implemented at Neutral Tandem':s expenae, with
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.do.e
..

•
charges determined on an individual case basis. In addition to charges for initially
establishing the routing arrangement, Neutral Tandem will be responsible for ongoing
monthly andlor usage charges for the routing arrangement. Neutral Tandem shall
arrange, at its own expense, the trunking and other facilities required to transport traffic to
Neutral Tandem's selected provider of operator and directory assistance services.
12. Unauthorized Carrier Change Charges
In the event either Party requests that the other Party install, provide, change, or
terminate a Customer's Telecommunications Service (including, but not limited to, a
Customer's selection of a primary Telephone Exchange Service Provider) without having
obtained authorization from the Customer for such Installation, provision, selection,
change or termination in accordance with Applicable Laws, the requesting Party shall be
liable to the other Party for all charges that would be applicable to the Customer for the
Initial change in the customer's Telecommunications Service and any charges for
restoring the Customer's Telecommunications Service to its Customer-authorized
condition (all such charges together, the "Carrier Change Charges"), Including to the
appropriate primary Telephone Exchange Service provider. Such Carrier Change
Charges may be assessed on the requesting Party by the other Party at any time after
the Customer is restored to its Customer-authorized condition.
13. Good Faith Performance
If and, to the extent that, Verizon, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, has not
provided in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a Service offered under this Attachment,
• Verizon reserves the right to negotiate in good faith with Neutral Tandem reasonable
terms and conditlons (including, without limitation, rates and Implementation tlmeframes)
for such Service; and, if the Parties cannot agree to such terms and conditions (Including,
without limitation, rates and implementation timeframes}, either Party may utiDze the
Agreement's dispute resolution procedures .
•
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 55
I
_____ J
---- -------- - - - - ---- ------- ------·---- ·---·--·- . ·-·----··---.. -- -- --·-· - ·

•
INTERCONNECTION ATTACHMENT
1. General
Each Party shall provide to the other Party, in accordance with this Agreement. but only
to the extent reqt.ired by Applicable Law, interconnectfon at (i) any technically feasible
Point(s) of Interconnection on Verlzon's network in a LA.TA and/or (fi) a fiber meet point to
wh.lch the Parties mutually agree under the terms of this Agreement. for tbe transmission
and -routing of Telephone Exchange Service and Exchange Access. By way of example,
a
a technically feasible Point of Interconnection on Verlzon's network In LATA would
Include an applicable Verizon Tandem Interconnection Wire Center or Verizon End Office
Interconnection Wlre Center but, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
or otherwise, would not Include a NeutralTandem Interconnection Wire Center, Net.1tral
Tandem switch or any portion of a transport facility proVided by Venzon to Neutral
Tandem or ano~r:party between (x) a Verizon Interconnection Wire Center or switch
and {y) the Interconnection Wlre Center or switch of Neutral Tandem or another party.
For brevity's sake, the foregoing examples of locations that. respectively, are and are not
"on Verfzon's network• shall apply (and are hereby incorporated by reference) each time:,
the term "on Vertzon's network~ Is used in this Agreement.
2~ Points of Interconnection and Trunk Types
2.1 -. Polnt(s) of Interconnection.
•
Z.1.1 Each Party, at Its own expense, shall provide transport facllltfes to the
technically feasible Polnt(s) of Interconnection on Verfzon's network In
a LATA selecte(f by Neutral Tandem.
2.2 Trunk Types.
2.2.1 In interconnecting their networks pursuant to this Attachment, the
Parties will use, as appropriate, the following separate and distinct
trunk groups:
2.2~ 1, 1 Interconnection Trunks for the transmission and routing of
Reciprocal Compensation Traffic, translated lEC lntraLATA
toll free-service access code (e.g., 800/888/877) traffic, and
lntraLATA ToH Traffic, between their respective Telephone
Exchange Service Customers, Tandem Transit Traffic, and,
Measured Internet Traffic, all In accordance with Sections 5
through 8 of this Attachment;
2.2.1.2 Access toll Connecting Trt1nks for the transmission and
routing of Exchange Access traffic, Including translated
lnterLATA toll free service access code (e.g., 800/888/877)
traffic, between Neutral Tandem Telephone Exchange
Service Customers and purchasers of Switched Exchange
Access Service via a Verizon access Tandem In
accordance with Sections 9 through 11 of this Attachment:
and
2.2.1.3 Miscellaneous Trunk Groups as mutually agreed to by the
Parties, including, but not limited to: (a) choke trunks for
•
traffic congestion and testing; and, (b) untranslated
NTPAe Compv3.i 09282.007f.doc 56

•
lntralATA/lnterLATA toll free service access code {e.g.
800/888/877) traffic.
2.2.2 Other types of trunk groups may be used by tbe Parties as provided in
other Attachments to this Agreement {e.g., 911/E-911 Trunks) or in
other separate agreements between the Parties (e.g., directory
assistance trunks, operator services trunks, BLV / BLVI trunks or trunks
for 500/555 traffic).
2.2.3 In accordance with the terms of this Agreement. the Parties will deploy
One-Way Interconnection Trunks (trunks with traffic going in one
direction, including one-way trunks and uni-directional two-way trunks)
and/or Two-Way Interconnection Trunks (trunks with traffic going In
both directions}.
2.2.4 Neutral Tandem shall establish, at the technically feasible Point(s) of
Interconnection on Verizon's network in a LATA, separate
Interconnection Trunk group(s} between such POl(s) and each Verizon
Tandem In a LATA with a subtending End Office(s) to which Neutral
Tandem originates calls for Verizon to terminate.
2.2.5 In the event the volume of traffic between a Verizon End Office and a
technically feasible Point of Interconnection on Verizon's network in a
LATA, which is carried by a Final Tandem Interconnection Trunk
group, exceeds (a) the Centum Call ~econds (Hundred Call Seconds)
busy hour equivalent of one (1) 0$1 at any time; (b) 200,000 minutes
of use for a month for 2 {two) out of 3 {three) consecutive months;
and/or; (c) 600 busy hour Centum Call Seconds (BHCCS) of use for a
single month: (i) If One-Way Interconnection Trunks are used, the
originating Party shall promptly establish new or augment existing End
Office One--Way Interconnection Trunk groups between the Verizon
End Office and the technically feasible Point of Interconnection on
Verlzon's network; or. (ll) lfTwo-Way Interconnection Trunks are used,
Neutral Tandem shall promptly submit an ASR to Verizon to establish
new or augment existing End Office Two-Way Interconnection Trunk
group(s) between that Verizon End Office and the technically feasible
Point of Interconnection on Verizon's network.
2.2.6 Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, the total number
of Tandem Interconnection Trunks between a technically feasible Point
of Interconnection on Verizon's network and a Verizon Tandem will be
limited to a maximum of 240 trunks. In the event that the volume of
traffic between a technlcally feaslble Point of Interconnection on
Verlzon's network and a Verizon Tandem exceeds, or reasonably can
be expected to exceed, the-capacity of the 240 trunks, Neutral Tandem
shall promptly submit an ASR to Verizon to establish new or additional
End Office Trunks to insure that the volume of traffic between the
technically feasible Point of Interconnection on Verizon's network and
the Verizon Tandem does not exceed the capacity ofthe 240 trunks.
2.3 One-Way Interconnection Trunks.
2.3.1 Where the Parties use One-Way Interconnection Trunks for the
delivery of traffic from Neutral Tandem to Verizon, Neutral Tandem, at
• Neutral Tandem's own expense, shall:
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 57
L---- --- ------- - --------- ----·---- . ------· - ----·-·-------~

•
2.3.1.1 -provide its own facilities for delivery of the traffic to the
technically feasible Polnt(s) of Interconnection on Verizon's
network in a LATA; and/or
2.3.1.2 obtain transport for delivery of the traffic to the technically
feasible Polnt(s) of Interconnection on Verlzon's network Ip
.a LATA (a) from a third party, or, (b) If Verizon offers such
transport pursuant to a Verizon access Tariff, from Verizon.
2.3.2 For each Tandem or End Office One-Way Interconnection Trunk gr:oup
for Cfellvery of traffic from Neutral Tandem to Verizon wlUi a utilization
level of le$s than sixty percent (60%) for final trunk groups and eighty
flve percent (85%) for high usage trunk groups, unless the Parties
agree othei:wlse, Neutral Tandem will promptly submit ASRs to
disconnect a sufficient number of Interconnection Trunks to attain a
utilization level of approximately sixty percent (60%) for aJI final trunk
groups and etghty..five percent (85%) for all high usage trunk groups.
In the event Neutral Tandem fails to submit an ASR to disconnect One
Way lnterconnection Trunks as required by this Section, with ten {10)
days poor written notice to Neutral Tandem, Verizon may disconnect
the excess Interconnection Trunks or bill (and Neutral Tandem shall
pay) for the excess Interconnection Tn.mks at the rate$ set forth rn the
Pricing Attachment. •
2.3.3 Where the Parties use One-Way Interconnection Trunks for the
delivery of traffic from Verizon to Neutral Tandem, Verizon, at •
Verizon's ·own expense, shall provide Its own facilities for delivery Of -
the traffic to the technically feasible Polnt(s) of loterconnecUon on
Verizon's network In a LAT A.
2.4 Two-Way Interconnection Trunks.
2.4.1 Where the P.ar:ties use Two-Way ·Interconnection Trunks for the
exchange.oftraftic between Verizon and Neutral Tandem, Neutral
Tal'.'ldem, atlts own expense, shall:
2.4.1.1 provide its own facllitles to the technically feasible Point(s)
of Interconnection on Vertzon's network in a LATA; andfor
2.4.1.2 obtarn transport to the technically feasible Polot(s) of
Interconnection-on Vertzon's network In a LATA (a) from a
third party, or, (b) if Verizon· offetS such transport pursl!ant
to a Verizon access Tariff, from Verizon.
the
2.4.2 Where Parties use Two-Way Interconnection Trunks for the
exchange of traffic between Verizon and Neutral Tandem, Verizon, at
Its own expense, shall provide Its own facilities to the technically
feasible Point(s) of Interconnection on Vertzon's network in a LATA .
2.4.3 Prior to e!>tabllshlng any Two-Way Interconnection Trunks, Neutral
Tandem shall meet with Verizon to conduct a joint planning meeting
-- (•Jotnt Planning Meeting"). At that Joint Planning Meeting. each Party
shall provide to the other Party originating Centurn Call Seconds
(Hundred Call Seconds) information, and the Parties shall mutually
agree on the appropriate initial number of End Office and Tandem •
Two-Way ·ln~rconnectlon Trunks and the Interface specifications at the
technlcally feasible Point( s) of Interconnection on Verizon's network in
.I
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 58

•
a LAT A at which the Parties Interconnect for the exchange of traffic.
Where the Parties have agreed to convert existing One-Way
Interconnection Trunks to Twrr.Way Interconnection Trunks, at the
Joint Planning Meeting, the Parties shall also mutually agree on the
conversion process and project interVals for conversion of such One
Way Interconnection Trunks to Two-Way Interconnection Trunks.
2.4.4 On a semi-annual basis, Neutral Tandem shall submit a good faith
forecast to Verizon of the number of End Office and Tandem Two-Way
Interconnection Trunks that Neutral Tandem anticipates Verizon will
need to provide during the ensuing two (2) year period for the
exchange of traffic between Neutral Tandem and Verizon. Neutral
Tandem's trunk forecasts shall conform to the Verizon CLEC trunk
forecasting guidelines as in effect at that time.
2.4.5 The Parties shall meet (telephonically or in person) from time to time,
as needed, to review data on End Office and Tandem Two-Way
Interconnection Trunks to determine the need for new trunk groups
and to plan any necessary changes In the number of Two-Way
Interconnection Trunks.
2.4.6 Two-Way Interconnection Trunks shall have SS7 Common Channel
Signaling. The Parties agree to utilize 88ZS and Extended Super -
Frame (ESF) 051 facilities, where available.
2.4. 7 With respect to End Office Two-Way Interconnection Trunks, both
•
Parties shall use an economic Centum Call Seconds (Hundred Call
Seconds) equal to five (5). Either Party may disconnect End Office
Two-Way Interconnection Trunks that, based on reasonable
engineering criteria and capacity constraints, are not warranted by the
actual traffic volume experienced.
2.4.8 Two-Way Interconnection Trunk groups that connect to a Verizon
access Tandem shall be engineered using a design blocking objective
of Neal-Wilkinson B.005 during the average time consistent busy hour.
Two-Way Interconnection Trunk groups that connect to a Verizon local
Tandem shall be engineered using a design blocking objective of Neal
Wllkinson B.01 during the average time consistent busy hour. Verizon
and Neutral Tandem shall engineer Two-Way Interconnection Trunks
using Telcordia Notes on the Networks SR Q275 (formerly known as
BOC Notes on the LEC Networks SR-TSV--002275).
2.4.9 The performance standard for final Two-Way Interconnection Trunk
groups shall be that no such Interconnection Trunk group will exceed
its design blocking objective (B.005 or B.01, as applicable) for three (3)
consecutive calendar traffic study months.
2.4.10 Neutral Tandem shall determine and order the number of Two-Way
Interconnection Trunks that are required to meet the applicable design
blocking objective for all traffic carried on each Two-Way
Interconnection Trunk group. Neutral Tandem shall order Two-Way
Interconnection Trunks by submitting ASRs to Verizon setting forth the
number of Two-Way Interconnection Trunks to be installed and the
requested installation dates within Verizon's effective standard
• intervals or negotiated intervals, as appropriate. Neutral Tandem shall
complete ASRs in accordance with OBF Guidelines as in effect from
time to time.
NT PAe CompV3.1 09282007f.doc 59
.. .J

•
· 2.4.11 Verizon may (but shall not be obPgated to) monitor Two-Way
lnterconnectlor:i Trunk groups using service results for the applicable
design blocking objective. If Verizon observes blocking In excess of
the applicable design objective on any Tandem Two-Way
Interconnection Trunk group and Neutral Tandem has not notified .
Verizon that Ith as corrected such blocking, Verizon may submit to
Neutral Tandem a Trunk Group Service Request directing Neutral
Tandem to remedy the blocking. Upon recelpt of a T11..1nk Group
Service Request, Neutral Tandem wlll complete an ASR to establish or
augment the End Office Two-Way Interconnection Trunk group(s), or, If
muNally agreed, to augment the Tandem two-Way Interconnection
Trunk group with excessive blocking and submit the ASR to Verizon
within five (5) Business Days.
2.4.12 The Parties will review all Tandem Two-Way Interconnection Trunk
groui:>s that reach a utlHzatlon level of seventy percent (70%), or
greater, to determine.w hether those groups should be augmented.
Neutral Tandem will promptly augment all Tandem Two-Way
Interconnection Trunk groups that reach a utlllzation level of eighty
percent (80%) by submitting ASRs for additional trunks sufficient to
attain a utilization level of approximately seventy percent (70%), unless
the Parties agree 1hat additional trunking is not required. For each
Tandem Two-Way Interconnection Trunk group with a uUllzation leVel
ofiess than slxty percent (60%), unless the Parties agree otherwise,
Neutral Tandem will promptly submit ASRs to disconnect a sufficient
number of lnteteonnection Trunks to attain a utillzatlc;m level of •
approximately sixty percent (60%) for each respective group, unless
the Parties aQtee that the Two-Way Interconnection Trunks should not
be disconnected. In the event Neutral Tandem falls to submit an ASR
for Two-Way Interconnection Trunks In conformance wtth this Section,
with ten (10) days prior written notice to Neutral Tandem, Verizon may
disconnect the excess Interconnection Trunks or blll (and Neutral
Tandem shall pay) for the excesi;; Interconnection Trunks at the
applicable Verizon rates.
2.4.13 Because Verizon wilt not be In control of When and how many Two
Way Interconnection Trunks are *'5tabllshed between Its network and
Neutral Tandem's networl<. Verlzon's performance in connection with
these Two.Way Interconnection T.runk groups shall not be subject to
any performance meas\lrements and remedies under this Agreement,
and, except as Otherwise required by Applicable Law, under any FCC
or Commlsston approved carrler-t~rrfer performance assurance
guidelines or plan. ·
2.4.14 Neutral Tandem will route its traffic to Verizon over the End Office and
Tandem Two-Way, loterconnectfon TrunkS In accordance with SR-TAP-
00019-1, including but not limited to those standards requiring that a
call from Neutral Tandem to a Verizon End Office will first be routed to
the End Office Interconnection Trunk group between Neutral Tandem
and the Verizon End Office.
3. Alternative lnterconnectton Arrqements
· 3.1 · · Fiber Meet Arrangemenf Provisions.
3.1.1 Each ~arty may request a Fiber Meet arrangement by provtdlng wtttten • .
notice thereof to the other Party rt each of the following conditions has
I
NT PAe.Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 60
- - ·-·- . .. . .. ... -·-·-.... ----------------------

•
been met: {a) the Parties have consistently been exchanging an
amount of applicable traffic (as set forth in Section 3.1.3 below) in the
relevant exchanges equal to at.least one (1) DS-3 and (b) neither
Neutral Tandem nor any of Neutral Tandem's affiliates has an overdue
balance on any bill rendered to Neutral Tandem or Neutral Tandem's
affiliates for charges that are not subject to a good faith dispute. Any
such Fiber Meet arrangement shall be subject to the terms of this
Agreement In addition, the establishment of any Fiber Meet
arrangement is expressly conditioned upon the Parties mutually
agreeing to the technical specifications and requirements for such
Fiber Meet arrangement including, but not limited to, the location of the
Fiber Meet points, routing, equipment (e.g., specifications of Add/Drop
Multiplexers, number of strands of fiber, etc.), software, ordering,
provisioning, maintenance, repair, testing, augment and on any other
technical specifications or requirements necessary to implement the
Fiber Meet arrangement For each Fiber Meet arrangement the
Parties agree to implement, the Parties will complete and sign a
Technical Specifications and Requirements document, the form of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit A to Section 3 of the
Interconnection Attachment Fiber Meet Arrangement Provisions. Each
such document will be treated as Confidential Information.
3.1.2 The Parties agtee to Gonsider the possibility of using existing fiber ~
cable with spare capacity, where available, to implement any such
request for a Fiber Meet arrangement. If existing fiber cable with spare
capacity is not available, the Parties agree to minimize the construction
•
and deployment of fiber cable necessary for any Fiber Meet
arrangement to which they agree. Except as otherwise agreed by the
Parties, any and all Fiber Meet points established between the Parties
shall extend no further than three (3) miles from an applicable Verizon
Tandem or End Office and Verizon shall not be required to construct or
deploy more than five hundred (500) feet of fiber cable for a Fiber Meet
arrangement.
3.1.3 A Fiber Meet arrangement established under this Agreement may be
used for the transmission and routing of only the following traffic types
(over the Interconnection Trunks):
3.1.3.1 Reciprocal Compensation Traffic between the Parties'
respective Telephone Exchange Seivice customers;
3.1.3.2 Translated LEC lntraLATA toll free service access code
(e.g., 800/888/8n) traffic between the Parties' respective
Telephone Exchange Service Customers;
3.1.3.3 Intra LATA Toll T raffle between the Parties' respective
Telephone Exchange Seivice Customers:
3.1.3.4 Tandem Transit Traffic; and
3.1.3.5 Measured Internet Traffic.
To the extent that a Fiber Meet arrangement established under this
Agreement is used for the transmission and routing of traffic of the
types set forth in Sections 3.1.3.1 and/or 3.1.3.5, other than the
•
obligation to pay intercarrler compensation charges pursuant to the.
tenns of the Agreement. neither Party shall have any obligation to pay
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 61
_J
·-------·-·

•
the other Party any charges In connection with any Fiber Meet
arrangements established under this Agreement To the extent that a
Fiber Meet arrangement established under this Agreement Is used for
the tr.ansmlSslon and routing of traffic of the type set forth in ~ctton
3.1.3.2, ·the transport and termination of such traffic shall be subject to
and
the rates charges set forth In the Agreement and appllceble
Tariffs. To 1he extent that a Fiber Meet arrangement established
under this Ageement Is used for the transmission and routing of traffic
otthe type set forth In Section 3.1.3.3, the Party originating such ~ffic
shall c;ompensate the terminating Party for 'the transport and
termination of such traffic at the rates and charges set for:tti in the
Agreement and applicable Tariffs. To the extent that a Fiber Meet
arrangement established under this Agreement Is used for the
transmission and routing of traffic of the type set forth in Section
3.1.3.4, Verizon shall charge (and Neutral Tandem shall pay)
Verizon's applicable rates and charges as set forth in the Agreement
-- and Verlzoris applicable Tariffs, including.t ransport char99s 10 the
termklating Verizon Tandem.
3.1.4 At Neutral T.andem's written request, a Fiber Meet arrangement
established ·under this Agreement may be used for the transmission
and routlog of the following traffic types over the following 1runk typ~s:
3.1 .4.1 Operator services traffic from Neutral Tandem's Telephc;>ne
Exchange Service Customers to an operator services
_provider over operator services trunks; •
a. t.4.2 Directory assistance traffic from Neutral Tandem's
. Telephone Exchange Service customers to a dlrectOl'y
assistance provider over directory assistance trunks;
3.1.4.3 911 traffic from Neutral Tandem's Teleptlone Exchange
Service CustQmers to 911/E-911 Tandem
Office(s)/Selective Router(s) over 911 trunks: and
3. t .4.4 . Jolntly-Pf'Ovided Switched Exchange Access SerVice traffic,
including translated lnterL.AT A toll free service access code
(e.g., 800/888/877) traffic, between Neutral Tandem's
Telephone Exchange Service Cu~tomers and ttilrd-party
purchasers of Switched Exchange Access Service via a
Verizon·a ccess T-andem over Access Toll Connecting
Trunks.
To the extent that a Fiber Meet arrangement estabflshed under this
Agreement Is used for the transmission and routing of any traffic of the
types set fedh in this Section 3.1.4 Verizon may blll (and Neutral
Tandem· shall pay) Verizon's applicable Tariff rates and charges.
Except as otherwise agreed In writing by the Parties or as expressly
set forth in Sections 3.1.3 and/or 3.1.4 of this lnterconnectJor.i
Attachment. access services (switched and unswltched) and
unbundled: networ1c elements shall not be provisioned on or accessed
through Aber Meet arrangements.
3.1.5 Neutral Tandem will Include traffic to be exchanged over Fiber Meet
•
arrangements in Its forecasts provided to Verizon under the
.·
Agree~ent.·
NT PAe Comp'l3.109282007f.doe 62

•
4. Initiating Interconnection
4.1 If Neutral Tandem determines to offer Tel_ephone Exchange Services and to
interconnect with Verizon in any LATA In which Verizon also offers Telephone
Exchange Services and in which the Parties are not already interconnected
pursuant to this Agreement. Neutral Tandem shall provide written notice to
Verizon of the need to establish lntercor:mection in such LATA pursuantto this
Agreement. f
4.2 The notice provided in Section 4.1 of this Attachment shall Include (a) the initial
Routing Point(s); (b) the applicable technically feasible Point{s) of
Interconnection on Verizon's network to be establlshed in the relevant LATA In
accordance with this Agreement; (c) Neutral Tandem's Intended Interconnection
activation date; (d) a forecast of Neutral Tandem's trunking requirements
. conforming to Section 14.2 of this Attachment; and (e ) such other information as
Verizon shall reasonably request In order to facilitate Interconnection.
4.3 · The interconnection activation date in the new LATA shall be mutually agreed to
by the Parties after reC:eipt by Verizon of all necessary information as Indicated
above. Within ten (10) Business Days ofVerizon's receipt of Neutral Tandem's
notice provided for in Section 4.1 of this Attachment. Verizon and Neutral
Tandem shall confirm the technically feasible Point of Interconnection on
Verizon's network in-the new LATA and the mutually agreed upon
Interconnection activation date for the new LATA.
5. Transmission and Routing of Telephone Exchange Service Traffic
•
5.1 Scope of Traffic .
Section 5 prescribes parameters for Interconnection Trunks used for
Interconnection pursuant to Sections 2 through 4 of this Attachment.
5.2 Trunk Group Connections and Ordering.
5.2.1 For both One-Way and Two-Way Interconnection Trunks, if Neutral
Tandem wishes to use a technically feasible interface other than a DS1
or a DS3 facility at the POI. the Parties shall negotiate reasonable
terms and conditions (Including, without limltatlon, rates and
implementation tlmeframes) for such arrangement; and, if the Parties
cannot agree to such terms and conditions {including, wl~ut
limitation, rates and Implementation timeframes), either Paity may
utilize tbe Agreement's dispute resolution p~ures.
5.2.2 When One-Way or Two-Way Interconnection Trunks are provisioned
using a 0$3 interface facility, rr Neutral Tandem orders the multiplexed
DS3 facilities to a Verizon Central Office that is not designated in the
NECA 4 Ta rlff as the appropriate lntennedlate Hub location {i.e., the
Intermediate Hub location in the appropriate Tandem subtending area
based on the LERG), and the provision of such faciHtles to the subject
Central Office is technically feasible, the Parties shaU negetlate In good
faith reasonable terms and conditions (includlng, without llmitatlon,
rates and implementation timeframes) for such arrangement; and, If
the Parties cannot agree to such terms and conditions (Including,
without limitation, rates and implementation tlmeframes), either Party
• may utilize the Agreement's dispute resolution procedures.
NTPAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 63

•
5.2.3 t:actt Party will identify its earner Identification Code, a three or four
digit numeric rode obtained from Telcordla, to the other Party when
ordering a trunk group.
5,2.4 For multi-frequency (MF} slgnaHng each Party will out pulse ten (10)
digits to the other Party; unless the Parties mutually agree otherwise.
5.2.5 Each Party will use commercially reasonable efforts to monitor trunk
groups under its control and to augment those groups using generally
accepted trunk-engineering standards so as to not exceed blocking
objectives. Each Party agrees to use modular trunk~neering
techniques for trunks subject to this Attachment.
5.3 Switching System Hierarchy and Trunking Requirements.
For purposes of routing Neutral Tandem traffic to Verizon, the subtending
arrangements between Verizon TaRdems and Verizon End Offices shall be the
same as the Tandem/End Office subtending arrangements Veriz;on maintains for
the routing oflts own or other carriers' traffic (l,e., traffic will be routed to the
appropriate Verizon Tandem subtended by the terminating End Office serving the
Verizon Customer). For·purposes of routing Verizon traffic to Neutral Tandem,
the subtending arrangements between Neutral Tandem TariQems and Neutral
·Tandem End Offices shall be the same as the Tandem/End Office sub1endlng
arrangements that Neutral Tandem maintains for the routing of its own or other
carriers' traffic.
•
sA Signaling.
Each Party wm provide the other Party with access to its databases and
associated·s ignaling necessary for the routing and completion of the other
Party's traffic In accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and any
applicable Tariff.
5.q Grades of Service.
The Parties shall Initially engineer and shall monitor and augment all trunk
groups consistent with the Joint Process ~s set fortfi In Section 14.1 of this
Attachment.
6, Trdic Measurement •nd Biiiing over lnterconnecflon Tru'.'k•
6.1 For bllling purposes, each Party shall pass Calling Party Number (CPN)
Information on at least ninety percent (90%) of calls carried over 1he
Interconnection Tnmks.
6.1.1 . As used In this Section 6, "Traffic Rate" means the applicable
. Reciprocal Compensation Traffic rate, Measured Internet Traffic rate,
Intrastate Switched Exchange Access Service rate, interstate Switched
Exchange Access Service rate, or Intrastate/Interstate Tandem Transit
Traffic rate, as provided In the Pricing Atta¢hment, an applicable Tariff,
or, for Measured Internet Traffic, the FCC Internet Order.
6.1.2 If the originating Party passes CPN on ninety percent (90%) or more of
its calls, the receiving Party shall bill the originating Party the Traffic
Rate applicable to each relevant minute of traffic for which CPN Is •
passed. For aAy remaining (up to 10%) calls without CPN information,
the receiving Party shall bill the originating Party,f or such traffic at the
NT PAe-Comp'l3.1 09282007f.-doc

•
Traffic Rate applicable to each relevant minute of traffic, in direct
proportion to the minutes of use of calls passed with CPN information.
6.1.3 If the originating Party passes CPN on less than ninety percent(90%)
of Its calls and the originating Party chooses to combine Reciprocal
Compensation Traffic and Toll Traffic on the same trunk group, the
receiving Party shall bill the higher of its interstate Switched Exchange
Access Service rates or its intrastate Switched Exchange Access
Services rates for all traffic that is passed without CPN. unless the
Parties agree that other rates should apply to such traffic.
6.2 At such time as a receiving Party has the capability, on an automated basis, to
use such CPN to classify traffic delivered over Interconnection Trunks by the
other Party by Traffic Rate type (e.g., Reciprocal Compensation Traffic/Measured
Internet Traffic, Intrastate Switched Exchange Access Service, interstate
Switched Exchange Access Service, or intrastate/interstate Tandem Transit
Traffic), such receiving Party shall bill the originating Party the Traffic Rate
applicable to each relevant minute of traffic for which CPN ls passed. If the
receiving Party lacks the capability, on an automated basis, to use CPN
Information on an automated basis to classify traffic delivered by the other Party
by Traffic Rate type, the originating Party will supply Traffic Factor 1 and Traffic
Factor 2. The Traffic Factors shall be supplied In writing by the originating Party
within thirty {30) d{lys of the Effective Date and shall be updated in writing bythe
originating Party quarterly. Measurement of billing minutes for purposes of
determining terminating compensation shall be in conversation seconds (the time
• In seconds that the Parties equipment Is used for a completed call, measured
from the receipt of answer supervision to the receipt of disconnect supervision).
Measurement of billing minutes for originating toll free service access code (e.g.,
800/888/877) calls shall be In accordance with applicable Tariffs. Determination
as to whether traffic is Reciprocal Compensation Traffic or Measured Internet
Traffic shall be made in accordance with Paragraphs 8 and 79, and other
applicable provisions, of the FCC Internet Order (including, but not limited to, In
accordance with the rebuttable presumption established by the FCC Internet
Order that traffic delivered to a carrier that exceeds a 3:1 ratio of terminating to
originating traffic is Measured Internet Traffic, and In accordance with the
process established by the FCC Internet Order for rebutting such presumption
before the Commission).
6.3 Each Party reserves the right to audit all Traffic, up to a maximum of two audits
per Calendar Year, to ensure that rates are being applied appropriately;
provided, however, that either party shall have the right to conduct additional
audit(s) if the preceding audit disclosed material errors or discrepancies. Each
Party agrees to provide the necessary Traffic data in conjunction with any such
audit in a timely manner.
6.4 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit either Party's ability to
designate the areas within which that Party's Customers may make calls which
that Party rates as "local" In its Customer Tariffs.
6.5 If and, to the extent that, a Neutral Tandem Customer receiVes VIFX Traffic,
Neutral Tandem shall promptly provide notice thereof to Verizon (such notice to
Include, without ilmltatlon, the specific telephone number(s) that the Customer
uses for V/FX Traffic, as well as the LATA in which the Customer's station is
actually physically located) and shall not bill Verizon Reciprocal Compensation,
• intercarrier compensation or any other charges for calls placed by Verizon's
Customers to such Neutral Tandem Customers.
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 65

•
7. 'Reciprocal Compens•tlon.Ammgements Pursuant to Section 251(b)(5) of the Act
7 .1 Reciprocal COmpensatlon.
The Parties shall &xchange Reciprocal Compensation Traffic ilt the technically
feasible Polnt(s) of Interconnection on Verlzon's network In a LATA designated In
accordance with the terms of this Agreement The Party originating Reciprocal
Compensation Traffic shall compensate the terminating Party for the transport
and termination of such traffic to its Customer In accordance with Section
251(b)(5) oft he Act at the equal and symmetrical rates stated In the Pricing
Attachment; It being understood and agreed that Verlzoa shall charge {and
Neutral Tandem shall pay Verizon) the End Office Reciprocal Compensation rate
set forth rn the Pricing Attachment for Reclpro.ca~ Compensation Traffic Neutral
Tandem physically qelivers to a POI at the Verizon Interconnection Wire Center
.fn which the terminating Verizon End Office Is located, and othet'wlse that
Verizon shall ~rge {Neutral Tandem shall pay Verizon) the Tandem Reciprocal
Compensation rate setforth ln the Pricing Attachment for Reciprocal
Compensation Traffic Neutral Tandem deliver$ to Verizon; it also being
understood and agreed that Neutral Tandem shall charge (and Verizon shall pay
Neutral Tandem) the End Office Reciprocal Compensation rate set forth in the
Pricing Attachment for Reciprocal Compensation Traffic Verizon delivers to
Neutral Tandem. These rates are to be applied at the technically feasible
Polnt(s) of Interconnection on Verizon's network in a L.ATA at which the Parttes
interconnect. whether such traffic Is clelivered by V.erizon for termination by
Neutral Tandem, or delivered by Neutral Tandem for termination by Verizon. No
additional charges shaff be assessed by the terminating P1,1rty for the transport •
and termination of such traffic from the technically feasible Polnt(s) of
Interconnection on Verfzon's network In a LATA to Its-Customer; provided,
however, for the avoidance of any doubt, Neutral Tandem shall also pay Verizon,
at the rates set forth in the Pricing Attachment, for any multiplexing, eross
connects or other collocation related Services that Neutral Tandem obtains from
Verizon. When Toll Traffic Is delivered over the same Interconnection Trunks as
Reciprocal Compensation Traffic, any port, transport or other appllcable access
charges related to the delivery of Toll Traffl.c from b technically f88slble Point of
Interconnection on Vertzon's network In a LATA to. the terminating Party's
Customer shall be prorated so as to apply only to the Toll Traffic. The
deslgnatJon of traffic as Reciprocal Compensation Traffic for purposes of
Reciprocal Compensation shall be based on the actual originating and
terminating points of the complete end-t~nct communication.
to
. 7. 2 Traffic Nof SubJ~ ReCiprooa.1 ~mpeiisatlon.
·1.2.1 Reciprocal compensation shall not apply to inter.state or lntrastate
1
Exchange AC<:Qss (Including, without limltatlon, Virtual Foreign
Exchange Traffic (I.e., V/FX Traffic), Information Access, or exchange
ser'vlces for Exchange Access or Information Access.
7.2.2 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Internet Traffic.
7.2.3 Reciprocal Compensation shaR not apply to Toll Traffic, lncl'udlng, but
not Umlted to, calls originated on a 1+ presubscrlptlon basis, or on a
casual dialed (10XXX/101XXXX) basis.
7.2.4 Reciprocal Compensation shall not apply to Optional Extended Local
•
CalHng Scope Arrangement Traffic.
NT PAe Compv3.1 Q9282007f.doc 66