•
and In the quantities specified. Verizon will respond within fifteen (15)
Business Days from receipt of the Neutral Tandem's Dark Fiber Inquiry
Form, indicating whether Dark Fiber Transport may be available (if so
available, an •Acknowledgemenf') based on the records search except
that for voluminous requests or large, complex projects, Verizon
reserves the right to negotiate a different interval. The Dark Fiber
Inquiry is a record search and does not guarantee the avallablllty of
Dark Fiber Transport. Where a direct Dark Fiber Transport route is not
available, Verizon will provide, where available, Dark Fiber Transport
via a reasonable indirect route that passes through intermediate
Verizon Central·O ffices at the rates set forth In the Pricing Attachment.
In cases where Verizon provides Dark Fiber Transport via an indirect
route as described In this section, Neutral Tandem shall not be
permitted to access the Dark Fiber Transport at any intermediate
central office between the two Verizon central offices that are the end
points of the rqute. In no event shall Verizon be required to provide
Dark Fiber Transport between two central offices that are the end
points of a route on which Verizon is not required under the Federal
Unbundling Rules to provide Dark Fiber Transport to Neutral Tandem.
Verizon reserves the right to limit the number of intermediate Verizon
Central Offices on an indirect route consistent with limitations In
Verizon's network design and/or prevalllng industry practices for optical
transmission applications. Any limitations on the number of
intermediate Verizon Central Offices will be discussed with Neutral
Tandem. If access to Dark Fiber Transport is not available, Verizon
•
will notify Neutral Tandem, within fifteen (15) Business Days, that no
spare Dark Fiber Transport is available over the direct route nor any
reasonable alternate indirect route, except that for voluminous
requests or large, complex projects, Verizon reserves the right to
negotiate a different interval. Where no available route was found
during the record review, Verizon will identify the first blocked segment
on each alternate Indirect route and which segment{s) in the alternate
Indirect route are available prior to encountering a blockage on that
route, at the rates set forth in the Pricing Attachment
8.2.5.1 Neutral Tandem shall Indicate on the Dark Fiber Inquiry
Form whether the available Dark Fiber should be reserved,
at the rates set forth In the Pricing Attachment, pending
receipt of an order for the Dark Fiber.
8.2.5.2 Upon request from Neutral Tandem as Indicated on the
Dark Fiber Inquiry Form,.Verizon shall hold such requested
Dark Fiber Transport for Neutral Tandem's use for ten (10)
Business Days from Neutral Tandem's receipt of
Acknowledgement and may not allow any other party
(including Verizon) to use such fiber during that time period.
8.2.5.3 Neutral Tandem shall submit an order for the reserved Dark
Fiber Transport as soon as possible using the standard
ordering process or parallel provisioning process as
described fn Section 8.2.5.5. The standard ordering
process shall be used when Neutral Tandem does not have
additional requirements for collocation. The parallel
• provisioning process shall be used when Neutral Tandem
requires new collocation facilities or changes to existing .·
collocation arrangements .
NT PAe COmpv3.1 09282007(.doc 105

•
8.2.5.4 If no order rs received from Neutral Tandem for the
reserved Dark t=lber Transport within ten (10) Business
Days from Neutral T~r:ictem's receipt of Acknowledgement,
Verizon shall return to spare the reserved Dartc Fiber
Transport that Verizon previously notified Neutral Tandem
are available. Should Neutral Tandem submit an order to
Verizon after tile ten (10) Bu$iness Day reservation period
for access to Dark. Fiber Transport that Verizon has
previously notified Neutral Tandem was available, Neutral
Tandem ass1,1mes all risk that such Dark Fiber Transport will
no longer be available.
8.2.5.5 Upon Neutral Tandem's request, the Parties will conduct
parallel provisioning of collocation and Dark Aber Transport
In accordance with the following tenns and conditions:
8.2,5.5.1 Neutral Tandem will use existing Interfaces and
Verizon's current applications and order forms to
request collocation and Dark Fiber Transport.
8.2.5.5.2 Verizon-will parallel pr:ocess Neutral Tandem's
requests for collocation, Including augments,
and Dark Fiber Transport.
. - (i.2.5.5.3 Before Neutral Tanqem submits a request for
paralle! provisioning. of collocation a~ Dark
•
Fiber Transport, Neutral T~ndem will:
8.2.5.5.3.1 submit a Dark Fiber Inquiry Form
and receive an Acknowledgement
from Venzon; and
8.2.5.5.3.2 submit a collocation application
for the Verizon Central Office(s)
where the Dark Fiber Transport
terminates and receive
confirmation from Verizon that
Neutral Tandem's collocation
application has been accepted.
8.2.5.5.4 Neuf(al Tand'm will prepare requests for
parallel provislo.nlng of collocation and Dark
Fiber Transi:>0rt In the manner and fonn
reasonably specified by Verizon.
8.2.5.5.5 If Verizon rejects Neutral Tandem's Dark Fiber
Transport request, Neutral Tandem may cancer
Its collocatlon application within five (5) Business
Days of such rejection and receive a refUnd of
the collocation application fee paid by Neutral
Tandem, less the costs Vef!Zon incurred to date.
8.2.5.5.6 If Verizon accepts Neutral Tandem's Dark Fiber
Transport request, Verizon will parallel provision
the Dark Transport to a temporary location ln •
Verlzon~s Central Office(s}. Verizon will charge
and Neutral Tandem wlll pay for parallel
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc; 106
... ·--------------------~------

•
provisioning of such Dark Fiber Transport at the
rates specified in the Pricing Attachment
beginning on the date that Verizon accepts each
Dark Fiber Transport request
8.2.5.5.7 Within ten (10) days after Verizon completes a
Neutral Tandem collocation application, Neutral·
Tandem shall submit a Dark Fiber change
request to reposition Dark Fiber Transport from
the temporary location in that Verizon Central
Office(s) to the permanent location at Neutral
Tandem's collocation arrangement in such
Verizon C-entral Office(s). Neutral Tandem will
prepare such request{s) In the manner and form
specified by Verizon.
8.2.5.5.8 If Neutral Tandem cancels its collocation
application, Neutral Tandem must also submit a
cancellation for the unbundled Dark Fiber
Transport provisioned to the temporary location
in the Verizon Central Office(s).
8.2.6 Neutral Tandem shall·order Dark Fiber Transport by sending to
Verizon a separate ASR for each A to Z route.
• 8.2. 7 Where a co/location arrangement can be accomplished In a Verizon
premises, access to Dark Fiber Transport that terminates In a VerJzon
premises must be accomplished via a collocation arrangement in that
Verizon premi5es. In circumstances where a collocation arrangement
cannot be accomplished in a Verizon premises, the Parties agree to
negotiate for possible alternative arrangements.
8.2.8 Except as provided in Section 17 below, Dark Fiber Transport will be
offered to Neutral Tandem in the condition that it is available In
Verizon's network at the time that Neutral Tandem submits its request
(i.e., "as Is"). In addition, Verizon shall not be required to convert lit
fiber to Dark Fiber Transport for Neutral Tandem's use.
8.2.9 Spare wavelengths on fiber strands, where Wave Division Multiplexing
{WDM) or Den5eWave Division Multiplexing (DWDM) equipment is
deployed, are not considered:to be Da.rk Fiber T.ransport, and,
1therefure, will not be offered to Neutral Tandem as Dark Fiber
Transport.
8.2.10 Fiber that has been assigned to fulfill a Customer erder for
maintenance purposes or for Verizon's lit fiber optic systems will not be
offered to Neutral Tandem as Dark Fiber Transport.
8.2.11 Neutral Tandem shall be responsible for providing all transmission,
tenninating and lightwave repeater equipment necessary to light and
use Dark Fiber Transport. · ·
8.2.12 Neutral Tandem may not resell Dark Fiber Transport, purchased
pursuant to Vlis Agreement to third parties.
•
8.2.13 Except to the extent that Verizon is required by the Federal Unbundling
Rules to.provide Dark Fiber Transport to Neutral Tandem for use for
NT PAe CompV3.1 09282007f.doc 107

•
Special or Switched Exchange Access Services, Neutral Tandem shall
not use Dark Fiber Transport, for Special or Switched Exchange
ACC8$S Services. .
8.2.14 In order ·to preserve the efficiency of its network, Verizon may, upon a
showing of need to the Commission, llmlt Neutral Tandem to leasing
up to a maximum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Dark Fiber
Transport In any given segment of Verlzon's network. In addition,
except as otherwise required by the F.ederal Unbundling Rules,
Verizon.m ay take any of the following actions, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary In this Agreement
8.2.14.1 Revoke Dark Fiber Transport ieased to Neutral Tandem
upon a showing of need to the Commission and twelve {12)
mon~· advance written notice to Neutral Tandem; and
. .
8.2.14.2 Verizon reserves and shall not waive, Verlzon's right to
claim before the Commission that Verizon Should not have
to fulfill a Neutral Tandem order for Dark Transport because
that request would strand an unreasonable amount of fiber
capacity, disrupt or degrade service to Customers or
carriers other than Neutral Tandem, or impair Verizon's
ablllty to meet a legal obligation.
8.2.15 Except as expressly set forth In this Agr.eement. Neutral Tandem may
not reserve Dark Fiber Transport.
•
8.2.16 N~I Tandem shall be solely responsible for. {a) determining
whether or not the transmlss1on characteristics of 1he Dark Fiber
Transport accommodate the requirements of Neutral Tandem; (b)
obtaining any Rights of Way, govemme~I or private property pennlt,
easement or other authorization or approval required for access to the
Dark Fiber Transport; {c) installation of fiber optic transmission
equipment needed to power the Dark Fiber Transport to transmit
permitted traffic; and (d} except as set forth with respect to the parallel
provfslonlng process addressed above, Neutral Tandem's collocation
arrangements with any proper·optlcal cross connects or other
equipment that Neutral Tandem needs to access Dark Fiber Transport
before it submrts an order for such ~ccess. Neutral Tandem hereby
represents and warrant& that It shall have all such rights of way,
authorizations and the like applloable to the.:focatlon at which it wis~
to·e stablish a demarcation point for Dark Fiber Transport, on or before
the date that Neutral Tandem plaQOS an order for the appllcable·Oark.
Fiber Transport, and that It shall maintain the same going forward. ·
8.2.17 Neutral tandem Is responsible for·trouble Isolation before reporting
trouble to Verizon. Verizon \\111 restore continu!W to Dark Fiber
Transport that has been broken. Verizon wlU not repair Dark Fiber
Transport that la capable of transmitting tight. even If the transmission
characteristics of the Dark"Fi>er Transport has f.?hanged.
8.2.18 (Intentionally Left Blank].
8.2. f9 Neutral Tandem may request the following, which shall be provided on
a time ~Rd materials basis (as set forth In the Pricing Attachment): •
.·
8.2.19.1 [Intentionally Left Blank!~
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 108

•
8.2.19.2 A field survey that shows the avallabillty of Dark Fiber
Transport between two or more Verizon Central Offices,
shows whether or not such Dark Fiber Transport is
defective, shows whether or not such Dark Fiber Transport
has been used by Verizon for emergency restoration
activity, and tests the transmission characteristics of
Verizon's Dark Ffber Transport. If a field survey shows that
Dark Fiber Transport is ava11able, Neutral Tandem may
reserve the Dark Fiber Transport, as applicable, for ten (10)
Business Days from receipt of Verizon's field survey results.
If Neutral Tandem submits an order for access to such Dark
Fiber Transport after passage of the foregoing ten (10)
Business Day reservation period, Verizon does not
guarantee or warrant the Dark Fiber Transport will be
available when Verizon receives such order, and Neutral
Tandem assumes all risk that the Dark Fiber Transport will
not be available. Verizon shall perform a field survey
subject to a negotiated Interval. If a Neutral Tandem
submits an on;fer for Dark Fiber Transport without first
obtaining the results of a field survey of such Dark Fiber
Transport, Neutral Tandem assumes all risk that the Dark
Fiber Transport will not be compatible with Neutral ~
Tandem's equipment, Including, but not limited to, order
cancellation charges.
• 8.3 Transitional Provision of Embedded Dark Fiber Loops.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Verizon is not required to
provide, and Neutral Tandem may not obtain, unbundled access to any Dark
Fiber Loop; provided, however, that if Neutral Tandem leased a Dark Fiber Loop
from Verizon as of March 11, 2005, Neutral Tandem may continue to lease that
Dark Fiber Loop at transitional rates provided for in the TRRO until September
10, 2006, and not beyond that date. The Parties acknowledge that Verizon, prior
to the Effective Date, has provided Neutral Tandem with any required notices of
discontinuance of Dark Fiber Loops, and that no further notice·i_s required for
Verizon to exercise its rights with respect to discontinuance of Dark Fiber Loops.
9. Network lnterface Device
9.1 Subjeqt to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment and upon
request-By Neutral Tandem, Verizon shal~permit Neutral Tandem to connect a
Neutral Tandem Loop to the Inside Wiring of a Customer's premises through the
use of a Verizon NID in accordance with this Section 9 and the rates and charges
provided in the Pricing Attachment. Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem with
access to NIDs in accordance with, but only to the extent required by, the .
Federal Unbundling Rules. Neutral Tandem may access a Verizon NID either by
means of a connection (but only if the use of such connection Is technically
feasible) from an adjoining Neutral Tandem NID deploy.ed by Neutral Tandem or,
if an entrance module Is available in the Verizon NID, by connecting a Neutral
Tandem Loop to the Verizon NID. When necessary, Verizon will rearrange its
facilities to provide access to an existi7ng Customer's Inside Wire. An entrance
module is available only If facilities are not connected to it.
9.2 In no case shall Neutral Tandem access, remove, disconnect or in any other way
•
rearrange Verizon's Loop facilities from Verizon's NIOs, enclosures, or
protectors .
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 109

•
9.S In no case shall Neutral tandem access, remove, disconnect or in any other way
rearrange, a Customer's Inside Wiring from Verizon's NIDs, enclosures, or
protectors where such Customer Inside ~ring Is used in the provision of ongoing
Telecommunicatlor:is Service to that Customer.
case
9.4 In no shall Neutral Tandem remove or disconnect ground wires from
Verlzon's NIDs,·enclosures, or protectors.
9.5 In no case shall Neutral Tandem remove or disconnect NID modules, protectors,
or terminals from Verlzon's NID enclosures.
9.6. Maintenance and control of premises Inside Wiring Is the responslblllty of the
Customer. Any conflicts between service providers for access to the Customer's
Inside Wiring must be r:esolved by the person who controls use of the wiring
(e.g., the Customer).
9.1 When Neutral Tandem Is connecting a Neutral Tandem-provided Loop to the
· Inside Wiring of a Customer's premises through the Customer's side of the
Verizon NID, Neutral Tandem does not need to submit a request to Verizon and
Verizon shall not charge Neutral Tandem for access to the Verlzoo NID. In such
Instances, Neutral-Tandem shall comply with the provisions of Sections 9~2
through 9,7 of ttils Attachment and shall access the Customer's Inside Wire In
the manner set forth In Section 9.8 of this Attachment
9.8 Due to the wide variety of NIDs utilized by Verizon (based on Customer size and
environmental considerations), Neutral Tandem may access the Customer's
Inside Wiring, acting as the agent of the Customer by any of the foflowing means: •
9.8.1 Where an adequate length of Inside Wiring Is present and
environmental conditions permit, Neutral Tandem may remove the
Inside Wiring from the Customer's side of the Verizon NID and connect
that Inside Wiring to Neutral Tandem's NID.
9.8.2 Where an adequate length of Inside Wiring Is not present or
environmental conditions do not permit, Neutral Tandem may enter the
Customer side of the Verizon NID enclosure for the purpose of
removfng .the Inside Wiring from the tennlnals of Verizon's NID and
connecting a coMectorized or spliced Jumper wire from a suitable
"punch our hole of such NID enclosure to the Inside Wiring within the
space of the Customer side of the Verizon NID. Such conneotlon shall
be electrically·lnsulated and shall not make any contact with the
conntctk>n points or terminals ·within the Customer side of the Verizon
....
, . NID .
. . · · ..·
9.8.3 Neutral Tandem may request Verizon to make other rearrangements to
the Inside·W iring terminations or tennlnal enclosure on a time and
rnaterials ·coSt basis to be chargEid to the requesting party (I.e. Neutral
Tandem, lt!i agent, the building owner or the Customer). If Neutral
Tandem accesses the Customer:'s Inside Wiring as described In this
Section 9.8.3, time and materials charges will be billed to the
~ue.sting party ~.e. Neutral Tandem, Its agent, the building owner or
the Customer).
10. fThis Section Intentionally Left Blank]
•
11. Dedicated Tnnsport
NT PA& CQrripv3.1 09282007f.doc 110

•
11. 1 Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment, where facilities
are available, at Neutral Tandem's request, Verizon.shall provide Neutral
Tandem with Dedicated Transport unbundled from other Network Elements at
the rates set forth in the Pricing Attachment. Verizon shall proVide Neutral
Tandem with such Dedicated Transport in accordance with, but only to the extent
required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules. Except as provided in Section 17
below, Verizon will not install new electronics, and Verizon will not build new
facUities. For the avoidance of any doubt, notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, Verizon shall not be required to provide, and Neutral Tandem
snall not request or obtain, unbundled access to shared (or common) transport,
or any other Interoffice transport facility that does not meet the definition of
Dedicated Transport.
11.2 ff and, to the extent that, Neutral Tandem has purchased (or purchases)
transport from Verizon under a Verizon Tariff or otherwise, and Neutral Tandem
has a right under the Federal Unbundling Rules to convert (and wishes to
convert) such transport to unbundled Dedicated Transport under this Agreement,
It shall give Verizon written notice of such request (lncludlng, without limitation,
through submission of ASRs if Verizon so requests) and ·provide to Verizon all
Information (Including, without limitation, a listing of the specific circuits in
question) that Verizon reasonably requires to effectuate such conversion. In the
case of any such conversion, Neutral Tandem shall pay any and all conversion
charges (e.g., non-recurring charges), as well as any and all termination •
liabilities, minimum service period charges and like charges In accordance with
Verizon's appllcable Tariffs. If the transport to be converted comprises a portion
• of a High Capacity EEL (as defined In Section 16.2.1 below). the applicable
provisions of Section 16 below shall apply.
12. [This Section Intentionally Left Blank]
13. Operations Support Systems
Subject to the Conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment and in Section 8 of the
Additional Services Attachment, Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem with access via
electronic interfaces to databases required for pre-ordering, ordering, provisioning,
maintenance and repair, and billing. Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem with such
access In accordance with, but only to the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling
Rules. All such transactions shall be submitted by Neutral Tandem through such
electronic interfaces.
14. Availability Qf Other. Network ~1'"11ents on an Unbundled Basis
14.1 . Any request by Neutral Tandem for access to a Verizon· Network Element that is
not already available and that Verizon ls required by the Federal Unbundling
Rules to -provide on an unbundled basis shall be treated as a Network Element
Bona Fide Request pursuant to Section 14.3, of this Attachment. Neutral
Tandem shall provide Verizon access to Its Network Elements as mutually
agreed by the Parties or as required by tlie Federal Unbundling Rules.
14.2 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 14, a Party shall not be
required to provide a proprietary Network Element to the other Party under this
Section 14 except as required by the Federal Unbundling Rules.
14.$ Network Element Bona Fide Request (BFR).
•
14.3.1 Each Party shall promptly consider and analyze access to a new
unbundled Network Bement in response to the submission ofa
NT PAe CompV3.1 09282007f.doc 111

•
Network Erement Bona Fide Request by the other Party hereunder.
The ·Network Element Bona Fide Request process set forth herein
does not apply to those services requested pursuant to Report & Order
and Notice of Proposed Rulemaking 91~141 (rel. Oct. 19, 1992) 11' 259
and n.603 or subsequent orders.
14.8.2 A Network Element Bona Fide Request shall be submitted in writing
and shall Include a technical description Qf each requested Network
Element ·
14.3.3 ~·requesting Party may cancel a Network Element Bona Fide
...
Request at any time, but shall pay the other Party's reasonable and
demonstrable costs of processing and/or Implementing the Network
Element Bona Fide Request up to the date of cancetratton.
14.3.4 Within ten (10) Business Days of Its receipt, the recelvlng Party shaU
er.knowledge receipt of the Network Element Bona Fide Request.
14.3.5 Except under extraorcHnar-y circumstances, within thirty (30) days of Its
receipt of a Network Element Bona Fide Request. the mcelvlng Party
shall provide to the requesting Party a prellmlnary-analysls of such
Network Element Bona Fide Request. The preliminary analy•ls shall
confirm that the receiving Party will offer access to the Network
Element or will provide a detalled explanation that access to the
Nejwork Element Is not technically feasible and/orthat the request
does not qualify as a Network Element that Is required to be provided
' . by the Federal Unbundling Rules. •
14.3.6 If the receiving Party determines that the NetwOFk Element Bona Fide
Request Is technically feasible and access to the Network Element Is
required to be provided by the Federal Unbundling Rules, 1t shall
promptly proceed with developing the Network Element Bona Fide
Request upon receipt ofw ritten authorization from the requesting
Party. When ft receives s~ authorization, the reCeMng Party shall
promptly develop ihe reqoested services, determine their avallablllfy,
calc;ulate the applicable ~ and establish Installation Intervals.
Unless the Parties otherwise agree. the Network-Element requested
must be. priceq In accordao~ with Section 252(dX1) of the Act
14.3.7 As soon as feasible, butnot more than ninety (90) days after Its receipt
of authorization to proceed with developlng the Network Element Bona
Fide Request. 1f1e' r9ceiving Party shall provide te the requesting Party
a Network Element Bona Fide Request quote which wlll Include, at a
minimum, a description of each Network Element.·the avallabiuty, the
appllcable rates, and the Installation Intervals.
14.3.8 Within thirty {30) days ef Its receipt .of the-Network Element Bona Fide
Request quote, the requesting PartY-must either confirm Its order for
the Network Elell"!ent Bona Fide Request pursuaAt to the Network
Element Bona Ade Request quote or seek arbitration by the
Commission pursuant to Section 252 of the Act
14.3.9 ff a Party to a Network Element Bona Fide Request believes that the
other Party Is not requesting, negotiating or pr~lng the Network .
Element Bona Fide Request in good faith, or disputes a determination,
or price or cost quote, or ls falling to act in aooorclance with Section_ •• •
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 112

•
251 of the Act, such Party may seek mediation or arbitration by the
Commission pursuant to Section 252 of the Acl
15. Maintenance of Net'Work Elements
If (a) Neutral Tandem reports to Verizon a Customer trouble, (b) Neutral Tandem
requests a dispatch, (c) Verizon dispatches a technician, and (d) such trouble was not
caused by Verizon's facilities or equipment In whole or In part, then Neutral Tandem shall
pay Verizon a charge set forth In the Pricing Attachment for time associated with said
dispatch. In addition, this charge also applies when the Customer contact as designated
by Neutral Tandem is not available at the appointed time. Neutral Tandem accepts
responsibility for initial trouble isolation and providing Verizon with appropriate dispatch
information based on its test results. If, as the result of Neutral Tandem instructions,
Verizon is erroneously requested to dispatch to a site on Verizon company premises
("dispatch in"), a charge set forth In the Pricing Attachment will be assessed per
occurrence to Neutral Tandem by Verizon. If as the result of Neutral Tandem
Instructions, Verizon Is erroneously requested to dispatch to a site outside of Verizor;i
company premises (•dispatch out"), a charge set forth In the Pricing Attachment will be
assessed per occurrence to Neutral Tandem by Verizon. Verizon agrees to respond to .
Neutral Tandem trouble reports on a non-discriminatory basis consistent with the manner
in which it provides service to its own retail Customers or to any other similarly situated
Telecommunications Carrier.
16. Combinations, Commingling, and Conversions
16.1 Subject to and without limiting the conditions set forth In Section 1 of this
•
Attachment
16.1.1 Verizon will not prohibit the commingling of a Qualifying UNE with
Qualifying Wholesale Services, but only to the extent and so long as
commingling and provision of such Network Element (or combination
of Network Elements) Is required by the Federal Unbundling Rules.
Moreover, to the extent and so long as required by the Federal
Unbundling Rules, Verizon shall, upon request of Neutral Tandem,
perform the functions necessary to commingle Qualifying UNEs with
Qualifying Wholesale Services. The rates, terms and conditions of the
applicable access. Tariff or separate non-251 agreement will apply to
the-Qualifying Wl:lolesale Services: and the rates, terms and conditions
of the Agreement or the Verizon UNE Tariff, as applicable, will apply to
the Quallfying UNEs; provided, however, that a nonrecurring charge
will-apply for each UNE circuit th.at is part of. a commingled
arrang·ement, as set forth in the Pricing Attachment. In addition, If any
commingling requested by Neutral Tandem requires Verizon to
perform physical work that Verizon is reQulred to perform under the
Federal Unbundling Rules, then Verizon's standard charges for such
work shall apply or, in the absence of a standard charge, a fee
calculated using Verizon's standard time and materials rates shall
apply until such time as a standard charge Is established pursuant to
the terms set forth in the Pricing Attachment
16.1.2 "Ratche"ting, i.e., a pricing mechanism that involves billing a single
circuit at multiple rates to develop a single, blended rate, shall not be
required. UNEs that are commingled with Wholesale Services are not
inclu<;led In the shared use provisions of the applicable Tariff, and are
• therefore not eligible for adjustment of charges under such provisions.
Verizon may exclude its perfqrrnance in connection with the
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 113

•
provisioning of commingled faclll6es and services from standard
provisioning intervals andfrom performance measures and remedies,
If any, contained in the Agreement or elseWhere.
16.1.3 Limitation on Section 16.1. Section 16.1 is intended only to address
the Parties' rights and obligations as to combining and/or commingling
of UNEs that Verizon Is already required·t o provide to Neutral Tandem
under the Agreement and the Federal Unbundling Rules. Nothing
contained In Section 16.1 shaR be deemed to·l imit any right of Verizon
under the Agreement to cease providing a facility that Is or becomes a
Discontinued Facility.
16.2 Service Ellglblllty Criteria for Certain Combinations and Commingled Facilities
and Services. Subject to the conditions set forth In Sections 1 and 16.1 of this
Attachment:
16.2.1 Verizon shall not be obligated to-proVlde:
16.2.1.1 an unbundled DS1 Loop in combination with unbundled
DS1 or 0$3 Oedlcated _TranspC>~ or commingled wfth bS1
ar DS3 access set11lces;
16.2.1.2 an unbundled DS3 l,;oop In colhbtnation with unbundled
OS3 Dedicated Transport, or oomm1ngled with DS3 access
services;
16.2.1.3 unbundled OS1 Dedlcate<fTransport commlngted wfth OS1
aecess •
channel termination servk:e;
16.2.1.4 unbundled 0$3 Dedicated Transport commingled with DS1
channel termlnatloo access service; or
16.2.1.5 unbundled DS3 Dedicated Transport commingled with 0$3
channel tenninatlon service, ·
(indivkiually and collectively •High Capacity EELs•) except to the extent
Verizon Is required by the Federal Unb1;mdling Rules to do so, and then
not unless and until Neutral Tandem, using an ASR, certifies to Verizon
that each combined or commingled 0$1 circuit or OS1 equivalent circuit
a
of High Capacity EEL satisfies each-of the $8rvlce ellglblltty criteria on
a clrcutt-by-drcult basis as set forth In 47.C .F. R• § 51.318. Neutral
Tandem mustremaln In oompllance.wlth $Sid .service ellglblttty criteria for
so long as Neutral Tandem continues to.receive the aforementioned
combined or-commingled facilities and/or services from Verizon and
Neutr~I Tandem shall Immediately notify Verizon at such time as a.
· certification ceases to be accurate. The service ellglbillty criteria shall be
applled to each combined or commingled DS1 drcult or DS1 equivalent
circuit of a High Capacity EEL If any"comblne9 or commingled DS1
circuit or OS1 equivalent circuit of a-High Capacity EEL Is, becomes, or
Is subsequently determined to be, noncompllant. the noncompQant High
Capacity ee1-·circultwill be treated as described in Section 16.2.2 below.
The foregoing shall.a pply ~ether the High Capacity EEL circuits in
question are being provistoriQd to establish a new circuit or to convert an
existing wholesale service, or any part thereof, to Uf1bundled network
elements. 'For existing High Capacity EEL circuits, Neutral Tandem,
within thirty (30) days of the Effectlve.~ate to the extent It has not •
already done ~ prior to the EffectiVe Date. of this Agreement, must re-
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 114
... ·------·--·-- ··· --------------~------------------

•
certify, using an ASR, that each DS1 circuit or 0$1 equivalent circuit
satisfies the service eHglblllty criteria on a circuit-by-circuit basis as set
forth in 47 C.F.R. § 51.318. Any existing High Capacity EEL circuits that
Neutral Tandem leased from Verizon as of the Effective Date of this
Agreement that Neutral Tandem falls to re-certify as required by this
Section_b y the end of such 30-day period shall be treated as a non
compllant circuit as described under Section 16.2.2 below effective as of
the Effective Date of this ~greement
16.2.2 Without limiting any other right Verizon may have to cease providing
circuits that are or become Discontinued Facilities, If a High Capacity
EEL circuit is or becomes noncompliant as described In this Section
16.2 and Neutral Tandem has not submitted an LSR or ASR. as
appropriate, to Verizon requesting disconnection of the noncompliant
facility and has not separately secured from Verizon an altemative
arrangement to replace the noncompllant High Capacity EEL circuit,
then Verizon, to the extent it has not already done so prior to execution
of this Agreement, shall reprice the subject High Capacity EEL circuit
(or portion thereof that had been previously billed at UNE rates),
effective beginning on the date on which the circuit became non
compliant by application of a new rate (or, In Verizon's sole discretion,
by appl!catlon of a surcharge -to an existing rate) to be equivalent to an
analogous access service or other analogous arrangement that ~
Verizon shall identify in a written notice to Neutral Tandem.
• 16.2.3 Each certification to be provided by Neutral Tandem pursuant to
Section 16.2.1 above must contain the following infonnation for each
DS1 circuit or 051 equivalent: (a) the local number assigned to each
DS1 circuit or 081 equivalent; (b) the local numbers assigned to each
OS3 circuit (must have 28 local numbers assigned to it}; (c} the date
each circuit was established in the 911 /E-911 database; (d ) the
cof k'.)cation termination connecting facility assignment for each circuit,
showing that the collocation arrangement was established pursuant to
47 U.S.C. § 251(cX6), and not under a federal collocation tariff; (e) the·
interconnection trunk circuit Identification number that serves each
DS1 circuit There must be one such identlflca6on number per every
24 DS1 circuits; and (f) the local switch that serves each 0$1 circuit
When submitting an ASR for a circuit, this information must be
contained In the Remarks section of the ASR, unless provisions are
made to populate other fields on the ASR to capture this information.
16.2.4 The.charge$ for conversions are as specified in the Pricing Attachment
anq apply for each circuit converted.
16.2.5 All ASR-driven conversion requests. will result in a change in circuit
identification (circuit ID) from access to UNE or UNE to access. If such
change in circuit ID requires that the affected circuit(s) be retagged,
then a retag fee per circuit wm apply as specified in the Pricing
Attachment
16.2.6 All requests for conversions will be handled In aceordance with
Verizon'$ conversion guidelines. Each request will be handled as a
project and will be excluded from all _ordering and provisioning metrics.
•
16.3 Once per calendar ye~r, Verizon may obtain and pay for an independent auditor
to audit Neutral Tandem's compliance in all material respects with the service
NT PAe Compv3.109282007f.doc 115
------ - -----·- . . ..... ··--·

•
eligibility criteria applicable to High Capacity EELs. Any such audit shall be
performed in accordance with the standards established by the American
Institute for Certified PubUc Accountants, and may ·Inell.Ide, at Verlzon's
discretion, :the examination of a sample selected lo accordance with the
Independent auditor's Judgment To the extent the Independent auditor's report
concludes 1hat Neutral Tandem failed to complywlth the service ellglblllty criteria,
then (without limiting Verfzon's rights under Section 16.2.2 above) Neutral
Tandem must convert all noncompliant-clrcuits to the appropriate service, true up
any difference In payments, make the correct payments on a golng·foiward
basis, and relmllurse Verizon for the cost of the independent auditor within thirty
(30) days after receivlng a statement of such costs from Verizon. Should the
Independent -.udltor confirm Neutral Tandem's compllanee with the service
etlglblllty criteria, ·then Neutral Tandem shall provide to the lndei:>endent auditor
for Its verification a statement of Neutral Tandem's out-Qf-pocket costs of
complying with any requests of the independent auditor, and Verizon shall, within
thirty (30) days of the date on which NeUtral Tandem submits such costs to the
auditor, reimburse Neutral Tandem for Its out-Qf·pocket costs verified by the
auditor. Neutral Tandem shall maintain records adequate to support Its
compliance with the service eligibility criteria for each DS1 or DS1 equivalent
circuit for at least eighteen (1 8) months after the service arrangement In question ·
Is terminated.
1.7. Routine Network Modifications
17.1 General Conditions. In accordance with, but only to ttie-extent required by, the
Federal Unbundling Rules, and subject to the conditions ut forth in Section 1 of
1his Attachment •
17.1.1 Verf~ shall make StJCh routine network modifications, at the rates
and charges set forth In the Pricing Attachment, as are necessary to
permit acce8$ by NeutrarTandem to tt\4l Loop, Dedicated Transport, or
Dark Fiber Transport facilities available under the Agreement
· (Including DS1 Loops and OS1 Dedicated Transport, and OS3 loops
"Snd DS3 Dedicated Transport}, where the ·facility has already been
constructed. Routine network modifications applicable to Loops or
Transport are those modifications that Verizon -regularly undertakes for
Its. own Custome~ and may include, but are not limited to: rearranging
-or splicing of In.place cable at existing splice points; adding an
equipment case; adding a doubler or repeater; instaUing a repeater
-shelf; deploying a new multiplexer or reconfigµrlng,a n existing
mu111plexer: accessing manholes; and deploying bucket trucks to reach
1., •• -aerial cable. Routine network mo.dlficatlons applicable to Dark Fiber
Transport are those modifications that Venzon regularly undertakes for
Its own Customers and may include, but are not limited to, splicing of
ln"J>lace qark fiber at existing spUce points; accessing manholes:
deplaytng bucket trucks to reach aerial cablei and routine activities, if
any, needed to enable Neutral Tandem to light a Dark Aber Transport
facility that it has obtalned from Verizon. under the Agreement. Verizon
shall not be obligated to provide optronlcs for the purpose of fighting
Dark Fiber Transport. Routine netwOf'k modlflcatl6ns do not lncfude
the.c onstruction of a new Loop or new .Transport facilities, trenching,
the pulling of cable, the Installation of new. aerial, buried, or
underground cable for a requesting telecommoolcatlons carrier, the
placement of new cable, securing permits or rights-of-way, or
-·
constructing ancf/or placing new manholes or conduits. Verizon shall
not be required to build any time division multiplexing (TOM) capability·
NJ PAe CompvS.1 09282(l07f.d® 118

•
into new P>ckel-based networi(s or into e)(fsffng PBcket-l>ased
l1elworics that <lo not •lieady have TOM capabfflly. Vedzon shalt not
be "'qu1rl!(l to S>erfonn any routine n-modificattons to any factllty
that is or becomes a Discontinued Facility. .
17.2
~""""
Plans. Veiizon may exctu<le Its l>Odonnance In connection With the
provisioning of Loops or Transport (including" D°a"r'k Fib.er Transoort) for which
rouline ne1woi1< modifications are perfonned •lanaaro Provisioning intervals
ea1nsde Wpehrefroen. ru,,,.,.. rneo...,,,. and remedies, ff any, conrarned In 1he A9"'ement or
17.3
Nothing contained in this Section 11 shall be deemec1: (a) to·establish i:tl'ly
obligation of Verizon to provide on an unhundlod ba:irs unaer the Federal
~loo A~reement
UnbUndllno any rdClrny that this does not otherwise require
Verizon to provide 9n an unbundled basis under the Federal Unbundllng Rules,
(b) to obligate Venzon to proVide on an unbundled basis under the Federal
Unbundling Rules, for any Period Of time not required under 11>o Federal . . ht or
~ny
Unbundling Rules, access to any DlscontinuAd_ r=aclllty, or (c) to Umtt ng
Verizon under the Agreement, any Verizon Tariff or SGAT, or otherwrse, to cease
providing a Discontinued Facility.
Aatco and Charges
The rates and charges for U~Es. Comblnn!.~ ~0~rcr! ,;'!1 I ~ e g n l t ln 5, g ' o r t o te u r t e in d e unnedtwero trhki s
• m A o tt d a l C f h l m ~U e o n n t s sh , a an ll a b e O a th s e pr r s o e v ~ 1 d c e es d 1 n ' f ath~:t~tfachment and the Pricing A·t tachment.
19• Good Faith Performance
"and fD the ex C te o n m t t m h o a~ n w Ve e n a . z ~ o n 0 , ! pn ! • o r , to ~ the ~ ~ f ~ f - ec ~ S f iv e e M D c a e t e o f o fe f r t e h ~ d i : s i u ' A n ! g : d ' r e e .: r e ' t m u h : i e . s " n A : t ' t, m :h e ; t ai r ~s a : m n: ' ' : o " et ' n ) t
provided in lhe
th~ {1:i.:;:u~1ng";' w/lh ~"""":"a"'n d
Verizo a o n l~l!cSol!~Md!l.~• ~~d without Hmltation, ra':i, conditions (lndudmg,
terms If the Parties cannot agreefrto s ) either Party may utiltze the
for such rv1ce, ' d lmplementatlon time ames '
without limitation, rates an . oced res
Agreement's dispute r~olut1on pr u .
•
117
NTPAeCompv 3 . 1 09282007f.doc

•
COl..LOCATIONATI'ACHMENT
1. Verizon's Provision of Collocltlon
Verizon shall provide to Neutral Tandem, In accordance with this Agreement, Verizon's
applicable federal and state Tariffs and the requirements of Applicable Law, Collocation
for the purpase of facilitating Neutral Tandem's Interconnection with Verizon under 47
U.S.C. § 251(cX2) or access to Unbundled Network Elements of Verizon: provided, that
notwlthsta~lng any other provjsion of1 hls Agreement or a Tariff, Verizon shall be
obligated to provide Collocation to_N eutral Tandem only to the extent reqL1lred by
Applicable Law and may decline to provide Collocation to Neutral Tandem to the extent
tbat provision of Collocation I~ not required by Applicable Law. Notwithstanding any
·other provision of this Agr"rnent or a Tariff, nothing In this Agreement or a Tariff shall be
deemed to require Verizon to provide (and, for the avoidance of any doubt Verizon may
decline to provide and/or cease providing) Collocation that, if provided by Verizon, would
be used by Neutral Tandem to obtain unbundled access to any network element (a) that
Verizon Is not required to unbundle under 47 U.S.C. § 251(c)(3) or (b) that Verizon Is not
r:equlred to unbundle 1.mder 47 C.F.R. Part 51.
•
.. •
I .
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 118
-···-···-········-·---------------~-------------------------

•
911 ATTACHMENT
1. 911/E-911 Arrangements
1.1 911/E-911 arrangements provide a caller access to the appropriate PSAP by
dialjng a 3-digit universal telephone number "911". Verizon provides and
maintains such equipment and software at the 911/E-911 Tandem
Office(s)/Selective Router{s), Verizon interface point(s) and AU Database as is
necessary for 911/E-911 Calls in areas where Verizon is the designated 911 IE-
911 Service Provider.
1.2 Verizon shall make the following information available to Neutral Tandem, to the
extent permitted by Applicable Law. Such information is provided at the Verizon
Partner Solutions website (formerly referred to as the Verizon wholesale
website):
1.2.1 a listing of the CLLI code (and SS7 point code when applicable) of
each 911/E-911 Tandem Office(s)/Selective Router{s) and associated
geographic location served for areas where Verizon Is the designated
911/E-911 Service Provider;
1.2.2 a listing of appropriate Verizon contact telephone numbers and
organizations that currently have responsibility for operations and
support of Verizon's 911/E-911 network and All Database systems;
• and
1.2.3 where Verizon maintains a Master Street Address Guide (MSAG) on
behalf of the Controlling 911 Authority, Verizon shall provide to Neutral
Tandem a complete copy of such MSAG annually upon written request
for each county within the LATA(s) In the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, where Neutral Tandem is providing Telephone
Exchange Service, provided that Verizon is permitted to do so by
Controlling 911 Authority. A letter Is required from the PSAP director
before the release of the MSAG by Verizon ta Neutral Tandem.
2. ALI Database
2.1 Where Verizon manages the ALI Database, informatian regarding the AU
Database is provided electronically at ~ Verizon Partner Solutions website
r (form~riy referred to as the Verium wMlesale·webslte).
2.2 Where Verizon manages the ALI Database, Verizon will:
2.2.1 store Neutral Tandem end user data provided by Neutral Tandem in
the ALI Database;
2.2.2 provide Neutral Tandem access to the ALI Database fc:>r the initial
loading and updating of Neutral Tandem end user records in
accordance with lnformatfon contained in the Verizon Partner Solutions
website (formerly referred to as the Verizon.wholesale website); and
2.2.3 provide Neutral Tandem an error and status report based on updates
to the ALI Database received from Neutral Tandem.
•
2.3 Where Verizon manages the ALI Database, Neutral Tandem will:
NT PM Compv3.1 09282007!.doc 119
'----------··-·· ---

•
2.3.1 provide MSAG valid E-911 data for.each of Its end users for the lnitiaL
loading of, and any and all updates to the ALI database;
2.3.2 Utilize the appropriate Verizon electronic interface to update E-911
data in the All Database related Its end users (and all such database
lnfonnatlon in the ALI Database shall conform to Verizon standards,
which are provided at the Verizon Partner Solutfons web~te (formerly
referred to as the Verizon wholesale website));
2.3.3 use its company ID on all end user records lri accordance with NENA
standards;
2.3.4 correct any errors that occur during the entry of E.S11 data in the ALI
database; and ·
2~3.5 enter E-911 data Into the ALI Database In eccordance with NENA
standards for LNP. This Includes, but Is not limited to, using Neutral
Tandem's NENA ID to lock and unlock records alid the posting of the
Neutral Tandem NENA 10 to the AU Database record where such
IQCklng and unlocking feature for E-911 records Is available, or as
defined by iocal standards. Neutral Tandem is required to promptly
unlock and migrate Its E-911 records in accordance with NENA
standards. In the event that Neutral Tandem discontinues providing
Telephone Exchange Service to any of Its end users, It shall ensure
that rts e..g.11· reeprds for such end users are unlocked In accordance
with NENA standards.
•
2.4 In the event Neutral T:andem uses an Agent to input Its end user's E:-911 data to
the ALI Database through the appropriate Verizon electronic lnterr.oe. Neutral
Tandem must provide a Letter of Authorization, In a form acceptable to Verizon,
Identifying and authoriZlng lts Agent
3. · 911/E-911 lntarconntetlon · ·
3.1 Neutral Tandem may, in accordance with Applicable Lllw, Interconnect to the
Verizon 911/E-911 Tandem Oflice(s)/Selective Router(s) or Verizon lnterfQce
polnt(s). Verizon wlll designate Interface polnt(s), e.g., digital cross connect
systems (OCS), whete Neutral Tandem may Interconnect with Verizon for the
transmission and routing of 911 /E-911 Calls to all subtending PSAPs that serve
the areas In which Neutr-al Tandem provide~ Telephone Exchange Services.
3.2 1n order to Interconnect wlttrVenzon for the. traAsmlsslon and rQUtlng of 9~ 1/E-
911 caus, Neutral randem shall:
. .
3.2.1 interconnect with each Verizon 911/E-911 Tandem Offlces(s)/Selective .
Router(s) or Verizon Interface Points tflat serves the exchange areas in ·
which Neutral Tandem Is authortzed to and .will provide Telephone
Exchange Service; ·
3.2.2 provide a minimum Qf -two (2) one-way outgoing 911/E-911 trunks over
diversely_ routed facilities that are dedicated· for originating 911 /E-911
calls from the Neutral Tandem switch to each designated Verizon
911/E-911 T-andem Office(s)/Selective Router(s} or Verizon Interface
polnt(s), using SS7 signaling where available; as necessary;
3.2.3 pntentlonally Left Blank]; .· •
NT PAe Conlpv3.1 09282007f.doe 120
.. .. -···---·-------~~-----~---'-'-------------------

•
3.2.4 provide sufficient trunks and facilities to route 911/E-911 Calls from
Neutral Tandem to the designated Verizon 911/E-911 Tandem
Office(s)/Selective Router(s) or Verizon interface polnt(s). Neutral
Tandem is responsible for requesting that trunks and .facilities be
routed diversely for 911/E-911 interconnection;
32.5 determine the proper quantity of trunks and facilities from its switch(e s)
to the Verizon 911/E-911 Tandem Offlce(s)/Selective Router(s) or
Verizon Interface point(s);
3.2.6 engineer its 911/E-91 :I trunks and facilities to attain a minimum P.01
grade of service as measured using the "busy day/busy hour" criteria
or at such other minimum grade of service as required by Applicable
Law or the Controlling 911 Authority;
3.2. 7 monitor its 911 /E-911 trunks and facilities for the purpose of
determining originating network traffic volumes. If the Neutral Tandem
traffic study Indicates that additional trunks and/or facilities are needed
to meet the current level of 911/E-911 Call volumes, Neutral Tandem
shall order or otherwise provide adequate additional trunks and/or
facilities;
3.2.8 promptly test all 911/E-911 trunks and facilities between the Neutral
Tandem network and the Verizon 911/E-911 Tandem
Office(s)/Selective Router(s} or Verizon Interface polnt(s) to assure
proper functioning of 911/E-911 arrangements. Neutral Tandem
•
agrees that It will not transmit or route live 911/E-911 Calls until
successful testing is completed; and
3.2.9 isolate, coordinate and restore all 911/E-911 network maintenance
problems from Its switch(es) to the Verizon 911/E-911 Tandem
Offlce(s)/Selective Router(s} or Verizon interface points. Neutral
Tandem will advise Verizon of the circuit identification when notifying
Verizon of a failure or outage.
4. 911/E-911 General
4.1 Verizon and Neutral Tandem wlll work cooperatively to arrange meetings with the
Controlling 911 Authorities to answer any technical questions the PSAPs, or
county or municipal coordinators may have regarding the Initial 911/E-911
arrangements ·
4.2 Neutral Tandem will compensate Verizon for provision of 911/E-911 Services
pursuant to the Pricing Attachment of this Agreement.
4.3 Neutral Tandem and Verizon will eomply with all Applicable Law (including 911
ta>ces and surcharges as defined by Applicable Law) pertaining to 911/E-911
arrangements.
4.4 Neutral Tandem will collect and remit, as required, any 911/E*911 applicable
surcharges from its end users in accordance with Applicable Law.
5. Good Faith Performance
If and, to the extent that, Verizon, prior to the Effective Date, has not provided In the
•
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania a Service offered under this Attachment. Verizon
reserves the right to negoti_ate In good faith with Neutral Tandem.reason~ble terms ari'd
NT PAe .Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 121

•
·con.ditlons (including, without limitation, rates and imp!ementation 1imeframes) for such
Service; and, If the Parties cannot agree to such terms and· conditions (including, without
!Imitation, rates and Implementation tlmeframes), either Party may utilize the Agreement's
dispute resolution procedures. ·
•
•
I-
NT PAe Compv3.109282007f.doc 122
-----------------------------------------------
---·

•
PRICING A1TACHMENT
1. General
1.1 As used in this Attachment, the term "Charges" means the rates, fees, charges
and prices for a Service.
1.2 Except as stated in Section 2 or Section 3 of this Attachment, Charges for
Ser.vices shall be as stated in this Section 1.
1.3 The Charges for a Service shall be the Charges for the Service stated in the
Providing Party's applicable Tarlff.
1.4 In the absence of Charges for a Service established pursuant to Section 1.3 of
this Attachment, the Charges shall be as stated In Appendix A of this Pricing
Attachment. For rate elements provided in Appendix A of this Pricing Attachment
that do not include a Charge, either marked as "TBD" or otherwise, Verizon is
developing such Charges and has not finished developing such Charges as of
the Effective Date of this Agreement {"Effective Date"). When Verizon finishes
developing such a Charge, Verizon shall notify Neutral Tandem in writing of such
Charge in accordance with, and subject to, the notices provisions of this
Agreement and thereafter shall bill Neutral Tandem, and Neutral Tandem shall
pay to Verizon, for Services provided under this Agreement on the Effective Date
and thereafter In accordance with such Charge. Any notice provided by Verizon
• to Neutral Tandem pursuant to this Section 1.4 shall be deemed to be a part of
Appendix A of this Pricing Attachment immediately after Verizon sends such
notice to Neutral Tandem and thereafter.
1.5 The Charges stated in Appendix A of this Pricing Attachm!'!nt shall be
automatically superseded by any applicable Tariff Charges. The Charges stated
in Appendix A of this Pricing Attachment also shall be automatlcaUy superseded
by any new Charge{s) when such new Charge{s) are required by any order of the
Commission or the FCC, approved by the Commission or the-FCC, or otherwise
allowed to go into effect by 'the Commission or the FCC (Including, but not limited
to, in a Tariff that has been flied with the Commission or the FCC), provided such
new Charge(s) are not subject to a stay issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction.
1.6 II'! the ~bsence of Charges for a Service established pursuant to Sections 1.3
through 1.5 of this AttaC:hn\ent. if Charges for a Service are otherwise expressly
provided for in this Agreement, such Charges shall apply.
In·
1.7 the absence of Charges for a Service established pursuant to Sections 1.3
through 1.6 of this Attachment, the Charges for the Service shall be ·the Providing
Party's FCC or Commission approved Charges. ·
1.8 In the absence of Charges for a Service established pursuant to Sections 1.3
through 1.7 of this Attachment, the Charges for the Service shall be mutl:lally
·agreed to by the Parties in writing.
2. Verizon Telecommunications Services Provided to Neutral Tandem for Resale
Pursuant to the Resale Attachment
2.1 Verizon Telecommunications Services for which Verizon is Required to Provide a
Wholesale Discount Pursuant to Section 251(cX4} Qfthe Act. ·
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007!.doc 123

•
2.1.1 Th~ C~rges for a Verizon Telecommunlcatlons S~rvlce purchaSftd by
Neutral Tandem for resale for which Verizon Is required to provide a
wholesale discount pursuant to Section 251(cX4) of the Act shall be
the Retall Price for such Service set fotih In Verlzon's applicable Tar1ffs
(or, If there Is no Tariff Retail Price for such Service, Verlzon's Retail
Price for the Service that is generally offered to Verizon's Customers),
less, to the extent required by Applicable Law: (a) the applicable
wholesale discount stated In Verizon's Tariffs for Verizon
Telecommunications Services purchased for resale pursuant to
Section 251(cX4) of the Act; or (b) in the absence of an applicable
Verizon Tariff wholesale discount for Verizon Telecommunications
Services purchased for resale pursuant to Section 251(cX4) of the Act,
the applicable wholesale discount stated In Appendix A for Verizon
Telecommunications Services purctiased for resale pursuant to
Section 251(c)(4) of the Act:
2.1.2 The Charges for a Verizon Telecommunications Service Customer
Specific.Arrangement (MCSA") purchased by Neutral Tandem for resale
pursuant to Section 3.3 of the Resale Attachment for wh1ch Verizon Is
required to provide a wholesale discount pursuant to Section 251(c)(4)
of tile Act shall be the Retail Price for the CSA, less, to the extent
required by Applicable Law: (a) the applicable wholesale discount
stated In Verizon's Tar:tffs for Verizon Telecommunications Services
purchasecf'for resale pursuant tO Sectfon 251{ cX4 ) of the Act; Or (b} In
the absence of an applicable Verizon Tariff wholesale discount for
Verizon 1elecommunlcatlons Services purchased for resate pursuant
•
to Section 251(c)(4) of the Act. the applicable discount stated in
Appendix A for Verizon Telecommunications Services purchased for
resale pursuentto Section 251(o)(4) of the Act Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in accordance with, and to the extent permitted by
Appllcabie·Law, Verizon may esQlbllsh a wholesale discount for a CSA
that differs from the wholesale discount that Is generally applicable to
Telecommunications Services pr.ovlded to Ne11tral Tandem for resale
pur:suant to Section 251(c)(4) of the Act
2.1.3 Notwithstanding Sections 2.1 and 2.2 of this Attachment, In
accordance wlth, and to the extent permitted by·A pplicable Law,
Venzon may at any time establish a wholesale discount for a
Telecommunications Service (Including, but not limited to, a CSA) that
differs frc:im the wholesale discount that Is _generally applicable to
Tatecommunlc;:atlons Services provfc;led to Neutral Tandem for resale
pursuan_t t9 Section 2~t(cX4) of the Act.
2.1.4 The whaesale-discount stated in Appendix A shall be automatically
superseded by any new wholesale discount When such new wholesale
discount Is reqt.!lred by any order of the Commlsslon or the FCC,
approved ·by the Commission or the FCC, or otherwise allowed to go
into effect by the Commission or the FCC, provided such new
wholesale discount Is not subject to a stay Issued by any court of
competent jurisdiction.
2.1.5 The wholesale discount provided for in Sections 2;1.1 through 2.1.3 ()f
this Attachment shall not be _appli~ to:
2.1.5.1 Short term promotions as defined in 41 CFR § 51.613;
e
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 124-
I