Mark C. Del Bianco
Law Office of Mark C. Del Bianco
3929 Washington Street
Kensington, MD 20895
301.602.5892
mark@markdelbianco.com
(cid:3)
(cid:3)
May 13, 2016
(cid:3)
VIA ECFS
(cid:3)
Marlene Dortch
Secretary REDACTED FOR PUBLIC
Federal Communications Commission INSPECTION
445 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
(cid:3)
Re: Request for Confidential Treatment of Filing by Telnyx LLC: Telnyx LLC,
Applicant, For Authorization to Obtain Numbering Resources Pursuant to
Section 52.15(g) of the Commission’s Rules, WC Docket No. 15-___
(cid:3)
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commission’s Rules, Telnyx LLC (“Telnyx”)
hereby submits its application requesting authorization to obtain numbering resources.(cid:3)
Telnyx respectfully requests that, pursuant to Sections 0.457 and 0.459 of the
Commission’s rules, 47 C.F.R. §§ 0.457 and 0.459, the Commission withhold from public
inspection and accord confidential treatment to Exhibits A and B to the application because the
documents contain sensitive trade secrets and commercial information that falls within Exemption
4 of the Freedom of Information Act (“FOIA”), 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4). Exhibit A consists of a
commercial agreement between Telnyx and its carrier partner. Pricing information has been redacted
from Exhibit A, but it still contains substantial proprietary commercial information concerning
Telnyx’s network, customers, and services. Exhibit B consists of an interconnection agreement
between Telnyx’s carrier partner and a local exchange carrier. Telnyx is submitting the agreements
as proof of Telnyx’s facilities readiness, as required by Section 52.15(g)(3)(i)(D) of the
Commission’s rules. Exhibits A and B are marked with the header “SUBJECT TO REQUEST FOR
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT – NOT FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION.”
The information in Exhibit A for which Telnyx seeks confidential treatment concerns
Telnyx’s proprietary network arrangements, and also contains details of its current and future
commercial and operational plans. Telnyx has not previously disclosed the identity of its carrier
partner (a signatory on both Exhibits A and B) to the public or any competitors. Telnyx operates
in the voice over internet protocol (VOIP) market. It has dozens, if not hundreds, of competitors
in the VOIP market. The information in Exhibits A and B is commercially sensitive information
that would customarily be guarded from disclosure to those competitors. Disclosure of the detailed
operational and commercial information in Exhibit A or the name of the carrier partner
1
(cid:3)

Marlene Dortch
Secretary
Federal Communications Commission
Page 2 of 2
in both Exhibits would give any of Telnyx’s competitors an unfair competitive advantage and
undercut Telnyx’s position in this highly competitive industry. Their release would therefore
result in substantial competitive harm to Telnyx.
Telnyx has not previously disclosed the information in Exhibits A or B to the public or
any competitors. Telnyx requests that Exhibit A be treated as confidential for a period of ten
years. This period is necessary due to the proprietary nature of the information in Exhibit A.
Telnyx requests that Exhibit B be treated as confidential for the same period of time as Exhibit
A.(cid:3)
Should you have any questions regarding this confidentiality request or the application,
please contact the undersigned at (301) 602-5892.
(cid:3)
Respectfully submitted,(cid:3)(cid:3)
(cid:3)
Mark C. Del Bianco
Counsel to Telnyx LLC
(cid:3)
(cid:3)
2
(cid:3)