•
2.1.5.2 Except as qtherwise provided by Applicable Law, Exchange
Access services;
2.1.5.3 Subscriber Line Charges, Federal Une Cost Charges, end
user common line Charges, taxes, and government
Charges and assessment(including, but not limited to, 9-1-
1 Charges and Dual Party Relay Service Charges).
2.1.5.4 Any other service or Charge that the Commission, the FCC,
or other governmental entity of appropriate jurisdiction
determines Is not subject to a wholesale discount under
Section 251(cX4) of the Act
2.2 Verizon Telecommunications Services for which Verizon is Not Required to
Provide a Wholesale Discount Pursuantto Section 251(cX4) of the Act
2.2.1 The Charges for a Verizon Telecommunications Service for which
Verizon is not required to provide a wholesale discount pursuant to
Section 251(c}(4) of the Act shall be the Charges stated in Verizon's
Tariffs for such Verizon Telecommunications Service {or, if there are
no Verizon Tariff Charges for such Service, Verizon's Charges for the
Service that are generally offered by Verizon).
2.2.2 The Charges for a Verizon Telecommunications Service customer
specific contract service arrangement ("CSA") purchased by Neutral
Tandem pursuant to Section 3.3 of the Resale Attachment for which
•
Verizon is not required to provide a wholesale discount pursuant to
Section 251(c)(4) of the Act shall be the Charges provided for In the
CSA and any other Charges that Verizon could bill the person to whom
the CSA was originally provided (Including, but not limited to,
applicable Verizon Tariff Charges).
2.3 Other Charges.
2.3.1 Neutral Tandem shall pay, or collect and remit to Verizon,' without
discount. all Subscriber Line Charges, Federal Line Cost Charges, and
end user common line Charges, associated with Verizon
Telecommunications Services provided by Verizon to Neutral Tandem .
.3 . ~eutral Tandem Prices
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement. the Charges that Neutral Tandem
bills Verizon for Neutral Tandem's Services shall not exceed the Charges for Verizon's
comparable Services, except to the extent that Neutral Tandem's cost to provide such
Neutral Tandem's Services to Verizon exceeds the Charges for Verizon's comparable
Services and Neutral Tandem has _demonstrated such cost to Verizon, or, at Verizon's
request to the Commission or the FCC.
4. [This Section Intentionally Left Blank]
5. Regulatory Review of Prices
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Pa!'fY reserves Its respective
rights to institute an appropriate proceeding with the FCC, the Commission or other
. governmental body of appropriate jurisdiction: {a} with regard to the Charges for Its
•
Services {including, but not limited to, a proceeding to change the Charges for its _
services, whether provided.for in any of Its Tariffs, in Appendix A, or otherwise); and (b)
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 125

•
wlth regard to the Charges of ·the other Party (Including, but not limited to, a proceeding
to obtain a reduction In such Charges and a refund of any amounts paid In excess of any
Charges:that are reduced).
•
•
NT PAe CompvS.1 09282007f.doc 126

•
APPENDIX A TO THE PRICING ~TTACHMENT1
(PENNSYLVANIA EAST)
V1.17
A. INTERCONNECTION2
Service or Elef!!ent Description: Recurring Charges: Non-Recurring
Charge:
I. Reciprocal Compensation Traffic Termination
Reciprocal Compensation Traffic End Office $.000987/MOU . Not Applicable
Rate
Reciprocal Compensation Traffic Tandem Rate
$.002439/MOU Not Applicable
•
1
This Appendix may contain rales for (and/or reference) servlees, facll!lles, arrangements and-the like that
Verizon does not have an obligallon to provide under the Agreement (e.g., services, fac!Uties, arrangements and the like
that Verizon Is not required to provide under Section 251 of the Act). Notwithstanding any such rates (and/or references)
and, for the avoldance of any doubt, nothing in this Appendix shall be deemed to require Verizon to provide a service,
facility, arrangement or lhe like that the Agreement does not require Verizon to provide, or to provide a service, factnty,
arrangement or the Uke upon rates, terms or conditions other than those that may be required by the Agreement.
All rates and charges set forth in this Appendix shall apply until such time as they are replaced by new rates
andfor charges as the Commission or the FCC may approve or allow to go into effectfrom time to tlme, subject however,
to any stay or other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction. In addition to any rates and charges set forth
herein, Verizon. effective as of March 11, 2005, may, but shall not be required to, charge (and Neutral Tandem shall pay)
any rates aTJd c:harges that apply to a CLEC's embedded base or certain UNEs pursuant to the FCC's Order on Remand,
Unbundled Access to-Nelwcxk Elements; Review of the Section 251 Unbundling ObDgatlons of Incumbent Local
Exchange Carriers, WC Docket No.·04-313, CC Docket No. 01-338 (FCC rel. Feb. 4, 2005) (the "TRRO"), the foregoing
being without limitation of other rates and charges that may apply under subsequent FCC orders or otherwise. In
addition, as set forth In Industry Notk:es, access tariff rates and/or other appllcable non-UNE rates may apply equivalent
for certain facifaties and arrangements-that are no longer avanable as unbundled network elements or combinations
thereof.
Unless a citation is provided to a generally applicable Verizon tariff, all listed rates and services are avaUable
only to Neutral Tandem when purchasing these services for use in the provision of Telephone Exchange Service, and
apply only to Reciprocal CompensaUon Traffic and local Anclllary Traffic. Verl%on rates and services for use by Neutral
Tandem in the carriage of Toll Traffic shall be subject to Verizon's tariffs for Exchange Access Service. Adherence to
• these limitations is subject to a reasonable periodic audit by VerlZon.
All rates and charges speclfled herein are pertaining lo the Interconnection Atlac:hmenL
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 127

•
U. Entrance Facllltles and Trarwport for Per Verizon FCC Per Verizon FCC
lntereonnactton Interstate Tariff No. 1 Interstate Tariff No. 1
A. Entrance facllltles, _and transport, as appropriate, Section 6 tor Feature Section 6 for Feature
for Interconnection at Verizon End Office, Tandem Group D .service, as Group 0 service, as
Office, or other Point of Interconnection amended from time to amended from time to
time time
Per Intrastate Verizon PA Per Intrastate Verizon
PUC No. 302 Section 6 PA PUC No. 302
access tariff for Feature Section 6 access tariff
Group D service, as for Featur:e Group D
amended from time to service, as amended
time from time to time
•
•
128
NT P.Ae Compv3.1 09282007f.doc
-- ----------- - - - ------ ---
---· --·-- ---

•
Ill. Exchange Access Service
Interstate Per: Verizon FCC Interstate Tariff No. 1, Section 6
for Feature Group D servlce, as amended from time
to time.
Intrastate Per intrastate Verizon PA PUC No: 302, Section 6
access tariff for Feature Group D service, as
amended from time to time
Service or Element Description: Recurring Charaas: Non-Recurring
Charge:
To be charged in accordance with the requirements
IV. Fiber Meet
of the Interconnection Attachment
V. Tandem Transit Traffic Service
Tandem Switching $.001146!MOU Per Section II. above,
as applicable
Switched Transport $.000206/MOU
$.000010/MOU/Mile
•
•
NT PAe CompV3.1 09282007f.doc 129

•
B. UNBUNDLED NETWORK ELEMENTS3 4
S8rvice or Egnt Petcrlptlon: R'9Jn1ng Cbarau: Non:Recurrlna
. Chlrae:
I. Interoffice Facllltles As applicable per Verizon PA PUC 216 as
amended from ttm.e to time.
As applicable per Verizon PA PUC 216 as
II. Digital Cron-conn.ct System amended from time to time.
•
3 . Ahates and c:tlarges specified herein are pertail'llng to the Network Elements Attachment The rates set forth
l)ereln are subject. to, Md Shall nothaw·the effect of lmltlng, foolriote 1 at>ove. Verfz0n ~ not 8llfM thatUNE prices
must be b(lsed &Ofely on f!)IWlll'd-loold costs, $11<1 Verizon reserves the right to.change UNE prices to conform to any
IW:Jdlficatlon of the FCC's LINE pricing rules. ·
For the avoldince of aoy doubt. In addition to any rates.and charges set for1h her8in, Verizon, effacllve as of
March 11, .2005, may, but shall not-1l!3 required to, charge (and·Neutral Tandem shall pay) any rates .net charges~·
apply to a CLEC's embedded base of certain UNEs pul'$Uant to the TRRO. ·the.foregoing being without llmltallon of other
rates and-cttarges-that may aj>ply under subsequent FCC orders or olhefwlse: In addition, as set forth In Industry Notices,
access tartfr rates and/or other applicable non-UNE rates may apply-for certain faclnties and.arrangements that are no •
longer available as wibundled network elements or combiflations thereof. ·
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 130
-----------------------------------------
-·-···-···--·----

•
Ill. Unbundled Loops With the exception of 2 Wire HDSL, SDSL and
l[?SL, as applicable per Verizon PA PUC 216 as
amended from time to time.
2 Wire ADSL compatible Loops Density Cell: Service Order: $0.00
2 Wire HDSL compatible Loops 1 -$6.77/Month Installation:
2 Wire SDSL compatible Loops 2 -$9.25/Month If premises vlslt not
2 Wire IDSL compatible Loops 3 -$12.39/Month required -$1.44 initial
4 -$22.39/Month and each additional
loop: Not Applicable if
existing loop & port
together
If premises visit
required -$1.44, initial
and each additional
loop
Disconnect
$1.30 per loop
Cooperative Testing,
per loop-$0.00
Engineering query,
• $0.00
Engineering Work
Order,
$0.00
Manual Pre
Qualification, per loop
$0.00
Line and Station Transfer5 (for xDSL Loops) NIA $0.00/Loop
Line and Station Transfer6 (for Hotcut} N/A $147.75/Loop
IV. Intrastate Collocation As Applicable Per Verizon PA PUC No. 218 as
amended from time to time
••
5 Une and Station Transfer applies where Verizon swaps facilities In order to provision a Copper Facillty.
6 Une and Station Transfer applies Where Verizon swaps facillties In order to provision a Copper FacDity
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 131
'----- -------
-·-

•
V. Une Spllttlna (also refemtd to as
"Loop Shartng•i't
A. Unbundled Local Loops As Appllcabfe per this Appendix A for UNE Local 2-Wlre
Digital (DSL qualified) Loops Monthly Recurring Charges and
Non-Recumng Charges as amended from time to time.
Includes, without limitation, Recurring 2-Wfre Digital (DSL
qualified) Loop Charges, Service Order Charge (per order),
Service Coaneetiott Charge• (per loop), Service Connection- _
Other Charge• (per loop), and Provisioning charges. Also
includes, without limitation, If applfcable, Field Dlsp,tch, TC
Not Ready, Loop Qualification, Engineering Query,
Engineering Work Order, Trouble Dispatch, Misdirects,
Dispatch In, Out, and Dispatch Expedites, Installation
Dispatch, Manual Intervention, Expedited, Digital· Designed
Recutrlng and Non-Recurring Charges.
-S. Other CtiargM I. Regrade $3.28NRC
II. *Servle.8 Connection
*Service Connection/Other
A second SeNlce Connectioo
NRC and Service Connection/
Other NRC applies on New
Loop Sharing Arrangements
Involving the connection of
both voice and data.
connections.
lll. Disconnect A disconnect NRC applies, as
applicable, on total Loop Sharing
·disconnects.
Iv. Line and Station Transfers/Pair swaps An LST/Palr
Swap NRC applies, as applicable, on
LST a~tivlty perfonned on New Loop
Sharing Arrangements.
C. Collocation R8tn . As applicable per Verizon PA PUC No. 218 as amended from
Collocation Rates (Including, without time.t o time.
llmltatlpn, Splitter Connection and
Installation Rates)
D. Appllcab~ rates for Line Splitting are as set forth In Verlzon's PA PUC No. 216 Tariff as
amended from time to time.
1 · This Pricing Attachment lncQrporatn b)' refenince·the rates set fOrth 111 tt-. Agteement for the 80l"t'lces and
charges referent:ed herein. In tha event this ~ Attachment relers to • Mrvlce that Is not 8ll8'lble under the •
Agreement. the Agteernent at,.a control. Nothing In this Appenclx A shd be deemed to-require Verizon to prollide a·
service that-the Agreement does not requil'e Verizon to-provide.
NT PAe Compv3.1 0928i007f.doc 132

•
As applicable per Verizon PA PUC 216 as
VI.EEL amended from time to time.
VII. DARK FIBER
Records Review, per inquiry $0.00
Records Review with Reservation, per inquiry TBD
Dark Fiber - IOF
Verizon C.O. to Verizon C.O
Service Order $55.22
Serving Wire Center ("SWC") Charge/SWC/Palr $15.95 $42.59
IOF Mileage/Pair/mile
$149.32
IOF Miieage Installation Charge/Pair $204.94
Expedited Handling $94.34
Intermediate Office Routing Charge $10.66 $36.23
Dark Fiber -LOOP
Service Order $55.22
SWC Charge/SWC/Pair $15.95 ~ $38.53
• Loop Charge/Pair
Rate Group A1 $71.66 $566.97
Rate Group A2 $117.04 $566.97
Rate Group B1 $169.14 $566.97
Rate Group 82 $200.95 $566.97
Expedited Handling $317.43
VIII. Unbundled Sub-Loop Arrangement (USLA) As applicable per Verizon PA PUC 216 as
amended from time to time.
IX. Unbundled Drop Sub-Element {UDSE) As applicable per Verizon PA PUC 216 as
amended from time to time.
X. Network Interface Device (NJD) Except as below for NID-to-NID as
applicable per Verizon PA PUC 216 as
amended from time to time.
NID -2 Wire per NID/month -NID-to-NID $1.04
NID • 4 Wire per NID/month • NID·to-NID $1.12 .
•
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 133

•
service orEl•-nf. -.. -· '•! - R~rrinnC~: N-. - .. ~ C""----:
YI, Routine· • ·- ,,_
Clear Defective Pair Civnere feasible) N/A TSO
Reasslanment of Non-Worklna Cable Pair NIA TBD
Binder Grouo Rearranaement N/A TBO
Reoeater-lnstallatlon NIA TBD
Anoaratus Case Installation NIA TBD
Ranoe Extenders - DSO Installation NIA TBD
Range Extenders - DS1 Installation NIA TBD
Channel Unit to Universal/Cotted DLC NIA TBD
Svstem !exlstlna)
Servtna Terminal - lnstellatlon/Unarade NlA TBD
..
Activate Dead Carmer Pair N/A TBD
Multlpfexer-1/0 -Installation NIA TBD
Multlclexer ;,,... 1/ 0 - Reconflouratlon NIA TBD
..
MLiltiPlexer-3/1 -Installation NIA TBD
Multmlexer - 3/1 - Reconflauratlon NIA TBO
. -
Multiolexer - Other - Installation NIA TBD
.. Move Drop NIA TBO
:
Cross-Connection - Exlstlna Fiber Facllltv NIA TBD
Une Card - Installation NIA TBD
~
Cooner Rearranaement NIA TBD
Central Office Terminal - Installation NIA TBD
IDLC Only Condition NIA TBD
•
Other Reauired Modifications NIA TBD
No Facllltles -Confirmation NIA TBO
OTHER TBD
Commlnaled Arranaements - circuit NRC NIA TBD
nAr
Conversion - Service Order NIA TSO
conversion -Installation oer circuit NIA TBD
Circuit Retaa - oer circuit N/A TBD
N/A
Dark Fiber-Dark Aber Routine Network NIA TBD
Modlficatloos
a Thi$ Appendix may contain rafas and charges for (andfor:reference) services, faclltles, arrangements and the
like that VerizQn does not llave an obligation to provide under lhe A:graement (e.g., services, facllltles. .-rangements and
the Ake-forwhlehan UnbUndllng requlremeflt dOes not exist under~7 U.S.C. Section 251(cX3)). NotwHhstancllng any
such rates and/or charges (and/or references) and, for the avoidanc& of any doubt, nothing In this Appendix shall be
deemed to requiie Verizon to PfOVfde a service. facility. arrangement or the llke-tliat1he Agreement does nol require
· Verizon to provide, or to provide a service, facility, arrangement or the like·upon rates, terms or rondltlons oth8r than •
those that may be required.by the Agreement. .·
NT PA& Compv3.1 09282007'.doc 134

•
C.RESALE8
Service or Element Description: ~ecurring Charges: Non-Recurring
Charge:
I. Wholesale Discount for Resale of Retail
Telecommunications Services1 0
Resale of retail.services If Neutral Tandem 22.00% (Inclusive of PA gross receipts tax)
provides own operator services platform
Resale of retail services if Neutral Tandem uses 18.34% (Inclusive of PA gross receipts tax)
Verizon operator services platfonn
D. OPERATIONS SUPPORT SYSTEM As applicable per Verizon PA PUC 216 as
amended from time to time.
Access pass-through to number portability
E. 911/E911 purchaser
Transport Per section A. above.
Data Entry and Maintenance No Charge
•
All rates and charges specified herein are pertaining to the Resale Attachment
10 Excludes telecommunications services designed prlmarily for Wholesale, such as switched and special
exchange access service. and, subject to the provisions of the Resale Attachment, the following addltlonal arrangements
that are not subject to resale: frmlted duration (90 days or less) promotional offerings, public coin telephone service, and
techrdcal and market trials. T8lCes shall be collected and remitted by the reseller and Verizon in accordance with legal
requirements and as agreed between the Parties. Surcharges (e.g., 911, telecommunications relay seivlce. universal
service fund) shall be collected by the reseller and either remitted to the recipient agency or NECA, or passed through to
•
Verizon for remittance to the recipient agency or NECA, as appropriate and agreed between the Parties. End user
common Une charges shall be collected by the ~lier and remitted to Verizon .
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 135

•
Service or Element Dt19rfptJon: Recurring Charges: Non=Recurring
Charge:
F. 11ME AND MATERIALS As applicable per Verizon PA PUC 216 as
amended from time to time.
G. DIRECTORY LISTINGS & BOOKS
Primary Listing (on Initial UNE service order). Not Applicable Not Applicable
For eai;h residence telephone number, two (2)
Rstings In the White Page directory are provided.
For each business telephone number listed
(except numbers of Centrex or Centrex-like
$ervlces or indlallng service station lines} one (1)
fisting Is provided In the White Page ·Directory
and one (1) listing in the Yellow Page directory of
thetype·pravrded to Verlzon..PA end U$er
business customers for which no specific charge
applies,
OtherTarlffed Ustlng Services (For·Jlstlngs Retail rates apply. For retail rates see Venzon-PA
0.rdered in excess of the primary listings provided TariffNo. 1 sec. 5.B.
or other listing types, or listings ordered at a time
other than Initial UNE service order, or listings
ordered not associated with a UNE service order, . -
or for changes made to existing listings.)
BookS & delfvery (annual home area directories No charge for normal numbers of books delivered
only) to end users; bulk deliveries to Neutral Tandem per
separate arrangement
•
NT PAe-Compv3.1 09282007!.doc 136

•
EXHIBIT A TO SECTION 3.1 {FIBER MEET ARRANGEMENT) OF THE INTERCONNECTION
ATTACHMENT·
Technical Specifications and Requirements
for
Neutral Tandem· VERIZON PENNSYLVANIA INC.
Fiber Meet Arrangement No. [XX]
The following technical specifications and requirements will apply to Neutral Tandem -Verizon
Pennsylvania Inc. Fiber Meet Arrangement [NUMBER] ("FM No. [XX]"):
1. FM No. [XX] will provide Interconnection facilities for the exchange of applicable traffic (as
set forth In the Amendment) between Verizon's [NAME OF TANDEM/END OFFICE] and
Neutral Tandem's [NAME OF TANDEM/END OFFICE] in the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. A diagram of FM No. [XX] Is included as Exhibit A-1.
2. Fiber Meet Pojnts ("FMPs~).
2.1 FM No. [XX} will be configured as shown on Exhibit A-1. FM No. [XX} will have
two FMPs. Neither FMP Is more than three (3) miles from the nearest Verizon
• Tandem or End Office .
2.2 Verizon will provision a Fiber Network Interface Device ("FNID") at [POLE XX,
STREET VY, TOWN ZZ, STAT E] and tenninate L_J strands of its fiber optic
cable In the FNIO. The FNID provisioned by Verizon will be a
[MANUFACTURER, MODEL}. Verizon will bear the cost of installing and
maintaining its FNID. The fiber patch panel within Verizon's FNID will serve as
FMP No. 1. Verizon will provide a fiber stub at the fiber patch panel In Verizon's
.FNID for Neutral Tandem to connect L_J strands of it$ fiber cable l__J
connectors. Verizon's FNID will be locked, but Verizon and Neutral Tandem will
have 24 hour access to their respective side of the fiber patch panel located in
Verizon's FNID.
2.3 N~utral Tandem will provision a FNID at[POLE XX, STREET VY, TOWN ZZ,
STAT E] and terminate L_J strands of Its fiber optic cable In the FNID. The
FNID provisioned by Neutral Tandem will be a [MANUFACTURER, MOOa].
Neutral Tandem will bear the cost of Installing and mafntalning its FNID. The
fiber patch panel within Neutral Tandem's FNID will serve as FMP No. 2. Neutral
Tandem will provide a fiber stub at the fiber patch panel in Neutral Tandem's
FNID for Verizon to connect L...J strands of its fiber cable. Neutral Tandem's
FNID will be locked, but Neutral-Tandem and Verizon will have 24 hour access to
their respective side of the fiber patch panel located In Neutral Tandem's FNID.
3. Transmission Characteristics.
3.1 FM No. [XX] will be built [as a ring configuration].
3.2 The transmission interface for FM No. [XX] will be [Synchronous Optical Network
•
("SONEr'}].
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 137

•
3.3 Terminating equipment shall comply with [SONET.transmisslon requirements as
specified in Telcordia Technologies document GR-253 CORE (Tables 4..a
through 4--11 )J. ·
3.4 The optical transmitters and receivers shall provide adequate power for the end-
to-end length of the fiber cable to be traversed.
3.5 The optical transmission r~te will be [UnidlrectlonalJ OC-[XX].
3.6 the path switch protection shall be set as [Noh-Revertive].
3.7 Verizon and Neutral Tandem shall provide [Primary Reference Source traceable
timing].
4. Add Drop Mulllolexer.
4.1 Verizon will, at Its own·cost, obtain and install (at ltS own premise) Its own Add
Drop Multiplexer. Verizon will use a [MANUFACTURER, MODEL) Add Dr.op
Multiplexer with firmware release of [X.XJ at the network level. Before making
any upgrade or change to the firmware of Its Add Drop Multiplexer, Verizon must
provide Neutral Tandem with fourteen {14} days advance written notice that
describes the upgrade or change to Its firmware and states the date on which
such firmware will be activated In Verlzon's Add Drop Multiplexer.
4.2 Neutral Tandem will, at Its own cost. obtain and Install {at Its own premise) its
own Add Drop Multiplexer. Neutral Tandem will use a [MANUFACTURER,
MODEL] Add Orap MulUplexerwlth firmware release of[)(.X] at the network level. •
Before making any upgrade or change to the firmware of its Add Drop
Multiplexer, Neutral Tandem must provide Verizon with fourteen (14} days
.advance written notice that describes the upgtade or change to lts flrmwa~ and
states the date on which such firmware or software w.111 be activated In Neutral
Tandem's Add Drop Multiplexer.
4.3 Neutral Tandem and·V erizon will monitor all firmware upgrades and changes to
observe for any failures or anomalies adversely affecting service or
administration. If any upgrade or change to firinware adversely affects service or
admlntstration of FM No. {XX}, the firmware will be removed from the Add Drop
Multiplexer and will revert to the previous version of firmware.
4.4 The Data Communlcatloh Channel shall be disabled between the Verizon and
NeutralTand~ ~dd Drop Multiplexers of.FM No. {XX}.
5. Testing.
s:1
Prior to tum..up of FM No. [XX], Verizon and Neutral Tandem will mutually
develop and implement testing procedures for FM No. [XX]
6. Connecting Facility Assignment (•CFA") and Slot Assignment Allocation c•§M"l.
6.1 For one-way and two-way trunk arrangements, the SAA Information will be
turned over to Neutral Tandem as a final step of tum up.o f the FM No. [XX].
6.2 For one-way trunlc arrangements, Verizon will control the CFA for the subtending
facilities and trunks connected to Verlzon's slots and Neutral Tandem wlll control
•
the CFA for the subtending facilltles and trunks connected to Neutral Tande'!l's
NT PA& Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 138
. ··-···------~------------------~------------------

•
slots. Neutral Tandem will place facility orders against the first half of the fully
configured slots (for example, slots 1-6 of a fully configured OC12) and Verizon
will place orders against the second half of the slots (for example, slots 7-12). If
either Party needs the other Party's additional slot capacity to place orders, this
will be negotiated and assigned on a case-by-case basis. Far SM, Verizon and
Neutral Tandem shall jointly designate the slot assignments for Verizon's Add
Drop Multiplexers and Neutral Tandem's Add Drop Multiplexer in FM No. [XX].
6.3 For two-way trunk arrangements, Neutral Tandem shall control the CFA for the
subtending facilities and trunks connected to FM No. [XX]. Neutral Tandem shall
place facllity and trunk orders against the total available SM capacity of FM No.
[XXJ.
7. Inventory, Provisioning and Maintenance. Surveillance. and Resfr:>ration.
7.1 Verizon and Neutral Tandem will inventory FM No. [XX] in their operational
support systems before the order flow begins.
7 .2 Verizon and Neutral Tandem will notify each other's respective Maintenance
Control Office of au troubleshooting and scheduled maintenance activity to be
performed on FM No. [XX] facilities prior to undertaking such work, and will
advise each other of the trouble reporting and maintenance control point contact
numbers and the days and hours of operation. Each Party shall provide a timely
response to the other Party's action requests or status Inquiries.
7.3 Verizon will be responsible for the provisioning and maintenance of the FM No.
•
[XX] transport facilities on Verizon's side of the FMPs, as well as delivering its
appficable traffic to the FMPs. Neutral Tandem will be responsible for the
provisioning and maintenance of the FM No. [XXJ transport facilities on the
Neutral Tandem's side of the FMPs, as well as delivering Its applicable traffic tq
the FMPs. As such, other than payment of any applicable intercarrier
compensation charges pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, neither Party
shall have any obligation to pay the other Party any charges in connection with
FM No. [XX].
7.4 Verizon and Neutral Tandem will provide alarm surveillance for their respective
FM No. [XX] transport facilities. Verizon and Neutral Tandem will notify each
other's respective maintenance control office of all troubleshooting and
scheduled maintenance activity to be performed on the facility prior to
undertaking such work, and will advise each other of the trouble reporting and
maintenance control point contact numbers and the days and hours of operation.
8. Cancellation or Modification of FM No: [XXJ.
8.1 Except as otherwise provided In this Section 8, all expenses and costs
associated with the construction, operation, use and maintenance of FM No. [XX}
on each Party's respective side of the FMPs will be borne by such Party.
8.2 If either Party terminates the construction of the FM No. [XX] before it is used to
exchange traffic, the Party terminating the construction of FM No. [XX] will
compensate the other Party for that Party's reasonable actual incurred
cqnstruction and/or Implementation expenses.
8.3 If either Party proposes to move or change FM No. [XX] as set forth in this
•
document, at any time before or after it is used to exchange traffic, the Party .
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 139
L__ ________ _________________ - - - - ··- .. --... - -- .. . ______ __J

•
requesting the move or change wffi compensate the other Party for that Party's
reasonable actual Incurred construction and/or Implementation expanses .
. Augments, moves and changes to FM No. [XX] as set forth In this document
must be mutually agreed upon by the Part.las 1n writing.
NEUTRAL TANDEM·· PENNSYLVANIA, LLC VERIZON PENNSYLVANIA INC.
By:
TO BE EXECUTED AT A LATER DATE
Date: ---
•
•
.·
NT PAe COmpv3.1 09282.001f.doc 140
- - ---· -·----------- -----------------
..

ExhlbitA-1
Neutral Tandem· VERIZON PENNSYLVANIA INC.
Fiber Meet Arrangement No. [XX}
City, State
•
•
NT PM Compv3.1 09282007(.doc 141

EXHIBITC
MASTER SEUVICF. AGREEMENT
This Master Service Agreement (the "Agreement") dated _July_ _ lst_, 2015 (the "Effective Date"), is made by
Jnd between A TL Communications, lnc., an Oregon corporation ("ATL"), with offices al 56825 Venture Lane, Suite l IO,
Sunriver, OR 97707 and Mix Networks Ilic. , a Florida corporation, with offices at 608 Robin Road Lakeland, FL 33803, on
behalf of itself' and its affiliates (collectively, "CUSTOl'vffiR"). ATL and CUSTOMER are sometimes rcforrcd to herein
mJividually as ll "Party" and collectively, as the "Parties."
RECITALS
WHEREAS, ATL is in the business oi fornish.ing various :.ervices supporting the provision of telecommunications and
related services; and
Wfl.EREAS, CUSTOMER desires to procw\: certain of ATL 's services, as specified herein
NOW, THEREFORE, ln consideration of the mutual agreements below, and intending to be legally bound, ATL and
CUSTOMER agree as follows:
GENERAL TER.VIS AND CONDITIONS
Section 1. Provision of Services.
ATL will provide to CUSTOMER the servic~ defu1ed in the executed Service Addendums attached.
Section 2. Payment for Services.
2.1 CUSTOMER shall pay ATL for the Services i.n accordance wich Fee Schedules attached to each executed
Scn<ice Addendum. A TL 's current Fee Schedules nre attached ro each Service Addendtun. ATL, in its sole discretion, may
incrcast: or otherwise revise the fees, rates, and charges set forth in the Service Addeodwn Fee Schedule at the end of a term
and only upon providing CUSTOMER thirty (30) days' prior written notice . In addition, CUSTOMER shall be responsible
for paying all taxes and other charges imposed by governmental authorities in connection with ATL's provision or
CUSTOMER'S receipt of the Services. CUSTOMER shall not be responsible for taxes, assessments, duties, pennies, tariffs,
fees or other charges of any kind attribucable to AT L 's income; revenue, profits; assets, gross receipts; or any similar profir
related taxes, which shall remain lhe sole respon~ibility of ATL.
2.2 Start-Up Fees are due and payable upon execution of rhis Agreement. ATL will bill CUSTOMER monthly
for all other foes and charges, with 111onU1ly Retainer fees and other recurring charges being billed io advance and any usage
charges being billed in arrears. Bills will be sent elecn·onically unless CUSTOMER specifies otherwise. Payment, in full, of
ull invoiced amounts is due on or before the twenty-fifth (25th) day following the invoice date (the "Due Date"). Any
payment, or po11ion thereof, not received by the Due Date shall be considered late and shall be subject to a late fee calculated
:it the rate of the lesser of one and on.:-half pc::r t:t:nl (1.5%) per month, or the highest amount pc::m1itted hy law, until paid.
2.3 If CUSTOMER reasonably disputes any portion of an A fL invoice, CUSTOMER must pay the undisputed
portion and submit a written claim for the disputed amount. All claims must be submitted Lo A TL within sixty (60) days of
re<;eipt of the invoice for those Services. CUSTOMER irrevocably waives the right to dispute any charges not disputed
within sixty (60) days. ATL and CUSTOMER agree to use their good faith best efforts to resolve any dispute within thirty
(JO) days of CUSTOMER'S timely claim. ATL will reflect any credits or adjusm1enrs re faring ro a settled disputed amount ill
the next invoice submitted to CUSTOMER after resolution. Jn the event that a dispute is resolved against CUSTOMER,
CUSTOMER must pay, wit11in thirty (30) days of CUSTOMER'S receipt of ATL's notice of the resolution of the dispute,
any portion of tbe disputed charges that was previously withl1eld.
2.4 In the event CUSTOMER fails, by the Due Date, to pay the w1disputcd portion of any invoice, or any other
invoiced amounts for which CUSTOMER failed to submit a proper and timely dispute, CUSTOMER shall be in material
brcacli of this Agreement. ATL will perm ii CUSTOMER five (5) business days lo cure such breach. If the breach remains
uncured, or if CUSTOlvIER otherwise breaches this Agreement (and tbe breach remains uncured beyond any stated cur,·
period herein), A TL shall have the right to talce all such lawful action as ATL may in its sole discretion deem appropriate,
including, witliout limitation, any of the following: (i) suspend acceptance or processing of CUSTOMER's orders for
Services; (ii) enforce any security interest held by ATL; (iii) upon thirty (30) days' notice to CUSTOMER, terminate this
Agreement without liability 10 CUSTOMER, including cancellation of any Services being provided to CUSTOMER; (iv) if
ATL is acting as CUSTOMER'S RespOrg under tb1s Agreemi::nt, A J'L may contact CUSTOMER's customers to advise them
thal, following term in at ion of this Agreement pursuam to such thirty (30) notice, ATL will be abandoning their toll free

numbers, and, if necessary, return the numbers to the appropriate number administrntion system (SMS/800 for Toll free or
;-fPAC for Local Numbers); and (v) pursue any other remedy or relief as may be permitted by this Agreement or by law,
including any combination of the foregoing actions.
2.5 CUSTOMER acknowledges and agrees rbat time is of the essence with respect to payment of ATL's
invoices. Except as t:xpn::ssly set forth above, CUSTOMER shall have no opportunity to cure a failure to pay an A 1L invoice
in a timely manner. CUSTOMER further acknowledges and agrees as follows with respect to termination of this Agreement
based on CUSTOMER's failure to pay any amount due AT L, except for any amount in dispute that is subject to pending
dispute resolution under Section 2.3:
(i) Tiiat CUSTOMER shall nor seek or obtam legal or equitable remedies, including without
limitation. injunctive reliel; that would require ATL to continue providing the Services to CUSTOMER or CUSTOMER's
customers while any undisputed amount due to ATL remains unpaid;
(ii) TI1at CUSTOMER shall be solely responsible tor, and shall indemnify ATL agninst, and hold
ATL harmless from, any and all claims and Liability asserted by CUSTOMER's customers or other third parties affected by
AfL's discontinuation of Services, including, without limitation, ATL's abandonment of any numbers or its return of
numbers ro the appropriate number adminisn·ation system.
2.6 CUSTOMER shall be liable to A TL for all costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney fees,
collection agency fees and commissions, incurred by A TL in attempting to collect pasl due charges.
Section 3. St:curitv for Payment.
ATL may in its sole discretion, prior to providing any Services, require CUSTOMER to furnish security for payment in the
fom1 of a rnfundable deposit. Further, if at any time A TL reasonably determines that any amount held as a deposit is
inadequate to secure payment of A TL's charges, ATL may require an additional deposit in a reasonably sufficient amount.
Any additional security required hereunder must be furnished to /\TL by CUSTOMER withit1 thirty (30) days from the date
that A TL notiiies CUSTOMER of the requirement to furnish such additional security. Any deposit fumishcd by
CUSTOMER shall be refunded, without interest, upon the tennination of A TL 's provision of tbe Services and
CUSTOMER's payment, in fl.ti!, of AT L 's invoices to which the deposit relates.
Section 4. Insolvency.
I.Ji the event a Party files for bankruptcy, whether voluntary or involuntary; admits in writing its inability to pay its debts
generally as they become due; makes a general assignment for the benefits of creditors; or seeks relief or reorganiz.acion
'1I!der any Jaws relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, the other Party may, upon written uotice, terminate this Agreemeut.
Section 5. Warranties.
5.1 Performance. ATL represents, warrants and covcnanlS that all Services: (i) will be performed in
accordance with CUSTOMER'S reasonable written instructions: (ii) will be performed to the best of ATL's ability and in an
effecuve, timely, professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with applicable industry standards and practices; (iii)
wtll be performed in accordance with any specifications and documentation set fo11h in the relevant Service Addendum; and
(iv) will comply, including the utilization thereof a~ contemplated hereunder, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations,
orders of any govemrncntal (including any regulatory or quasi-regulatory) agency, and will not violate or contravene the tenns
of any contracts between ATL and third parties.
5.2 Non-infringement. ATL represents, wammts and covenants that: (i) it has and will have all rights, titles,
iicense~. intellectual property, permissions and approvals necessary in connection with its performance under this Agreemenl
:md to granl CUSTOMBR the rights granted hereunder; and (ii) none of the Services nor the provision or utilization thereof as
~omcmplated under this Agreemenr, do or will infringe, violate, trespass or in any manner contravene or breach or constitute
:he w1authorized use or misappropriation of any intellccn1al prope1ty of any U1ird party.
5.3 Nonimrnigrant Workers. ATL represents warrants and covenants chat all non-U.S. citizens perfo1ming
Services under this Agreement will be in compliance with U.S. immigration laws and the rules, regulations and guidelines
promulgated by the U.S. Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services.
5.4 Except as expressly set forth herein, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTY WHETHER
EXPRESS, JMPLIBD, OR STATUTORY, AS TO THE DESCRIPTION, QUAL1TY, MERCHANTABlLITY,

COMPLETENESS, aud OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER OR IN
CONNECTfON WITH THJS AGREEMENT. ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATfON,
WARRANTfES THAT SERVICES PROVIDED UNDERTl-JlS AGREEMENT WJLL BE ERROR FREE OR FURNISHED
WlTHOUT INTERRUPTION ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED.
Section 6. Limitlltiua of Liability.
6.1 ATL's T01Al. LIABil.lTY, AND CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY
LOSS, CLAIM, INJURY, LIABILITY, OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING ATIORNEYS' FEES) ARISING OUT OF ATL'S
PERFORMANCE OR FATLURE TO PERFORM AS PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, SHALL I3E LIMITED TO
'.'HE AMOUNT OF THE TRANSACTION CHARGE PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE TRANSACTION GIVING RIS.E
TO THE CLAIMED LIABILITY, IRRESPECTIVE Of WHETHER SUCH LIABIL1TY IS DUE TO BREACH OF
CONTRACT, ACTIVE OR PASSIVE NEGLIGENCE, OR ANY OTHER ACT OR FAILURE TO ACT BY ATL OR ITS
l:..MPLOYEES OR AGENTS.
6.2 NOTHING HEREIN SHALL EXEMPT OR BE CONSTRUED AS EXEMPTING ATL HWM ANY
LIAl:HLJTY ARISING OUT OF A.TL'S WILLFUL MlSCONDUCT, FRAUDULENT CONDUCT, OR VIOLATIONS OF
LAW OR AS OTHERWISE LIMITING AT I. 'S LlABlLJTY TO THE EXTENT SUCH LIM1TATION IS UNLA 'WFUL OR
OTHERWISE UNENFORCEABLE AS CONTRARY TO PUOLIC POLICY.
6.3 NOTWlTHSTANDJNG ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL ATL OR
ITS EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, CLAIM, £NJURY, LIABILITY, OR EXPENSE
(fNCLUDTNG AITORNEYS' FEES) CAUSED BY CUSTOMER OR ARlSJNG OUT OF THE PROVISION OF
FACrLITIES OR SERVICES IJY ANY OTHER Tl-HRD PARiY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SMS/800,
INC. OR THE NUMBER PORTABILITY ADMlNISTRA TfON CENTER (NPAC) ADMINTSTRA TOR.
6.4 UNDER NO CiRCUMSTANCES WHATSOEVER SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LI.ABLE TO THE
OTHER FOR INDIB.ECT, lNCIDENTAf,, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, LOST REVENUES OR PROFJTS.
Section 7. Indenu1iflcation.
BOTH PARTIES SHALL INDEMNIFY THE OTliliR AND ITS EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, AND HOLD EACH
tJTHER AND lTS EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS HARMLESS, AGAINST ALL LOSS, LIABILITY, DAMAGE, AND
EXPENSE, INCLUDING REASONABLE A TIORNEYS FEES, DUE TO CLAIMS BY TfilRD PARTIES FOR ANY
LOSS, INJURY TO PERSON OR PROPERTY, LIABILITY, DAMAGE, OR OTHER HARM OF ANY NATURE
ARISING OUT OF. OR lN ANY WAY RELATING TO EACH OTifER'S PROVISION OF SERVICES UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT, IRRESPECTIVE OF ANY PASSIVE OR ACTIVE NEGLIGENCE OR OTJIER ACT OR FAILURE TO
ACT ON TUE PART OF EACH OTHER OR EACH OTHER'S ErvtPLOYEES OR AGENTS; PROVIDED TIIAT
NOTHING HEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO REQUIRE CUSTOMER TO INDEMNITY EACH OTHER EITHER FOR
El11-IBR PARTY'S WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR TO THE EXTENT, BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT, THAT SUCH
INDEMNIFICATION OBL!GATfON rs ONLA WFUL OR OTHER WISE UNENFORCEABLE AS CONTRARY TO
PUBLfC POLICY.
Section 8. Force Majeure.
/\TL will not be liable for any delay or failme in perfonnancc of any part of this Agreement caused by a force majeure
condition, including fires, strikes, embargoes, explosions, power blackouts, earthquakes, volcanic action, floods, wars, water,
the elements, labor disputes, civil disturbances, govenunent requirements, acts of civil or military autborilies, acts of God,
acts of a public enemy, inability to secure services or products of outside vendors, or other causes beyond its reasonable
oontrol whether or not similar to the foregoing conditions. Jf any force majeure condition occurs, ATI. will give prompt
notice to CUSTOMER and will take reasonable steps to mitigate the effects of such force majeure condition on its
performance. Upon cessation of such force majeure condition, ATL will give like notice and commence performance
hereunder as promptly as reasonably practicable.
Section 9. Compliance with Laws.
f'b.c Parties shall perform aU of their respective obligations and undertakings hereunder, and carry out all related business, in
compliance with all applicable governmental laws, orders, rules, and regulations.

,
Section I 0. CUST01v1ER Authori7.ations.
CUSTOMER covenants and wan·ants that, prior to submitting any order or orher request to AT l, for the provision of Services
in cmmection with the assignment, pon:ing, cstablisluncnt, or transfer of any toll free number, local telephone number, or
tclecommunicalions service, CUSTOMER will have obtained all customer ::ind end user authorizations, and verifications
thereof, that are required under applicable governmental laws and regulations for such assignment, p011ing, esrablishment, or
tnmsfor. ln addition, CUSTOMER shall furnish ATL with such letters of authorization or agency ("LOAs") and other
documents that Bie required by law or reasonably requested by ATL in connection with I\ TL 's provision of such Services.
ATL shall be entitled to rely on tht: authenticity, accuracy, and CUfl'ency of all LOAs and other documentation provided to
ATL by CUSTOMER
Section 11. Term and Termination.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the effective date hereof and will continue in fuU force and effect for a term of
ttu·ce (3) months and thereafter this Agreement will automatically be renewed and extended for an indefinite number of
successive thirty (30) day terms unless and until tenninated by either Party pursuant co written notice delivered by the
terrntnating Pa1ty to the other Party not less than thirty (30) days prior to the intended termination date.
Section 12. Survival.
Any provision hereof, which, by its context is intended to survive the termination or expiration hereof, shall also survive. All
limitations of liability, confidentiality provisions, and indemnification obligations shall survive the termination or expiration
of this Agreement.
Section 13. Notices and Communications.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices under this Agret:menc by a Party must be given in writing by
delivering tht:: same lo the other Paity by personal delivel), e-mail, facsimile (fax), prepaid commercial overnight delivery or
First Class United Stares mail, with conftrrnation of delivery. Such notice shall be effective upon confirmation of delivery. Tn
the case of A TL, such notices shall be delivered to ATL at the street, e-mail, or fax address shown in this Agreement. In the
case of CUSTOMER, such notices shall be dc.;livered to CUSTOMER al the srreet, e-mail, or fax address fwnisbed to A1 L in
the CUSTOMER Client Data Form. E-mail or fax transmission ofa signed CUSTOMER Work Order may be used in lieu of
delivering the signed original CUSTOMER Work Order for all purposes, including, without limitation, resolution of disputes
between tbe Parties in auy forwn, except that CUSTOMER must retain and, upon appropriate request furnish, signed,
original RespOrg releasc:s.
Section 14. independent Contractors.
The relationship of the Parties hereto is solely that of independent cono·actors, not employer/employee, and nothing herein
will be construed to constitute AT L and CUSTOMER as partners, joint venturers, co-owners or otherwise as participants in a
joint or common undertaking. Neither ATL nor CUSTOMER, nor any representatives or employees of either are employees
o1 the other for any purpose, and neither Party nor any representatives or employees will have any power or authority,
express or implied, to represent, acr for, or otherwise create or assume any obligation on behalf of, or binding upon the other
Party, other than as expressly set forth herein. As independent contractors, each Pa1ty is responsible for reporting and
payment of all taxes owed by that Party.
Section 15. Assignment.
CUSTOMER must not assign, sell or transfer this Agreement or the right to receive Services, whether by operation of law or
otherwise, without the prior written consent of AT L, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, except to affiliates,
which shall not require consent.
Section 16. Dinding on Successors.
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns.

Section 17. No Third Party Bo::neficiaries.
This Agreement does not provide any person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement with any right, benefit, remedy.
claim. liability, or cause of action.
Section I 8. Complete Agreement.
This Agreement, which includes the:: ~xhibits and execmed Service Addendums and lhe associated fee Schedule described
herein. contains the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to the entire subject matter hereof, and
there are no representations, inducements, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, not embodied herein. Any and all prior
discussions, negotiations, commitments, and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof are merged herein. There is
no conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement other than as stated herein, and there are no relnred collateral
agreements existing among an) of tbe Parties that are nor referenced herein.
Section 19. Amendments and Waivers.
Except as expressly provided in tbjs Agreement with respect to changes in the Service Addendwn Fee Schedules, this
Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing signed by both Parties. No waiver of any provision of this
Agreement and no consent lo <my default under tbis Agreement will be effective unless and until the same is reduced to
writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of the Party against whom such waiver or consent is claimed. No
course of dealing or failure of either Party to enforce any provision of this Agreement wilJ be construed as a waiver of such
provision or of any other right under this Agreement.
Section 20. Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement should be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this agreement should be prohibited or invalid under applicable law, such
provision will be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such
provision or the n:maining provisions of this Agreement.
<:\ection 21. S!l.Qject !leadings.
TI1e subject headings of the sections of this Agreement are included for convenience only, and will not affect the construcnoo
ur intcrpretotiou of any of its provisions.
Section 22. Governing Law.
lb is Agreement is made under and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida with venue is Polk
county, Florida.
Section 23. Dispute Resolution.
fhe Parties will attempt in good faith to resolve any controversy, claim, or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agi·eemeot
("Dispute") by mediation under the Commercial Mediation Rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) in effect
on the date of this Agreement. lf the Dispute has not been resolved by mediation as provided above within sixty (60) days
;.iller the delivery of a written notice delivered by either Party to the other setting forth the nature and amount of the Dispute
("Dispmc Notice"), the Dispute will be submitted to binding arbitration by a neutrnl arbitrator in Portland, and administered
by the AAA under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, except that (a) persons eligible to be selected as arbitrators will be
limited to lawyers specializing in either general commercial litigation or general corporate and commercial matters who have
both had training and experience as arbitrators, and (b) each Party will be entitled to strike on a preemptory basis, for any
reason or no reason, any or all of the names of potential arbitrators on the list submitted to the parties by the AAA as being
qualified in accordance wiU1 the criteria set forth herein. The arbitrator will buse any award on applicable law and judicial
precedent and, unless both Panies agree otherwise, will include in such award a statement of the reason upon which the
award is based. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Section 24. Confidentiality; Non-Publicity.
24.J ATL sliall cooperate in good faith with Customer's reasonable efforts to comply with applicable law and
Fo.:deral Communications Commission ("FCC") regulations relating to use, disclosure, and access to customer proprietary

nerwork information ("CPNl"), as defined by Title 47, section 222 of the United States Code (47 U.S.C. § 222). ATL will
take all commercially reasonable efforts not to disclose the existence of this Agreement to any entity outside of the business
relationship established between the Pa1tics by virtue of this Agreement. Customer's name, identity, and trademarks may not
be used by ATL in any way, including, but not limited to, use in any customer lists of ATL or in any promotional or
adve1tisiag materials or activities of AT L, unless pcm1ission is received via e-mail or fax.
24.2 Confidential fnfo1mation. "Confidential Information" may include: (i) all information related to the
business of one party ("Disclose1~') and any of its affiliates, clients and other third parties, to which the other party
("Recipient") has access, whether in oral, written, graphic or machine-readablt: form, in the course of or i.t1 connection with
the Services: (ii) all Work Product as described iJ1 Section 4 below; (iii) all notes, analyses and studies prepared by Recipient
incorporating any of the info1mation described in this Section 24; and (iv) the tenns and conditions oftbis Agreement.
24.3 Restriction~. Recipient will keep the Confidential Information confidential, and may disclose the
Confidential Information to ito; Representatives (officers, directors, employee~. agents and subcontractors (aad their
employees) of such party) who have a need to know such Confidential lnfonnation solely in connection with this Agreement.
Recipient will cause such Representatives to comply with this Agreement and will assume full responsibility for any failure
ro comply with the terms of this Agreement by aay such Representatives. Recipiem will not transfer or disclose any
Confidential Information to any third party without Discloser's prior written permission and without such third party having a
contractual obligation (consistent with this Section 24 to keep such Confidential Information confidential. Recipient will not
use any Confidential lnfonnation for any purpose other than lo perfo1m its obligations under this Agreement.
24.4 Nonpublic Personal Inforniation. The provisions of this Section apply notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, including the exclusions to Confidential Information described in Section 24.5 ("Exclusions").
Confidcnrial lnfonnation of CUSTOMER includes "NP!," which has the meaning ascribed to "Nonpublic Personal
information" in Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of l 999 or any successor federal statute, and the rules and
regu laiions thereunder ("GLBA "). To the extent that AT L has had or wil I have access to NPI, the NPI Provisions in Exhibit
C ("Nonpublic Personal Information and Foreign Data Protection Provisions") attached berclo wiU apply with respect to such
>IPL
24.5 Foreign Datn Protection. To the extent that AT L has had or will have access to personal data subject to the
European Commission Data Protection Direc.tive (95/46/EC) or Data Protection Act 1998 or any implementing or related
legislation of any member state in the European Economic Area, or other similar data protection laws of non-U.S.
jurisdictions (collectively, such personal data, the "Foreign Personal Data" or "FPO", such laws, the "Data Protection
Laws"), the Foreign Data Protection Provisions in Exhibit C ("Nonpublic Personal Information and Foreign Data Protection
Provisions") attached hereto will apply to such FPD.
24.6 Exclusions. Confidential Information does not include information that: (i) is obtained by Recipient from
the public domain without breach of this Agreement and independently of Recipient's knowledge of any Confidential
lnfonnation; (ii) was lawfully and demonstrably in the possession of Recipient prior to its receipt from Discloser; (iii) is
independently developed by Recipient without use of or reference to Discloser's Confidential Information; or (iv) becomes
known by Recipient from a third party independently of Recipient's knowledge of the Confidential Information and is not
subject to an obligation of confidentiality.
24.7 Legal Requirements. If Recipient is requested or required lo disclose any of Discloser's Confidential
Jnformation beyond the corporate entity name and a legal contact of CUSTOMER under a subpoena, court order, statute, Jaw,
rule, regulation or other similar requirement (a "Legal Requirement"), Recipient will, if lawfully permitted to do so, provide
prompl notice of such Legal Requirement to Discloser so Discloser may seek an appropriate protective order or other
appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement If Discloser is not successful in obtaining a
protective order or other appropriate remedy aud Recipient is legally compelled to disclose such Confidential Information, or
1f Discloser waives compliance with the provisions of this Agreement in writing, Recipient may disclose, without liability
hereunder, such Confidential Information solely to the extent necessary to comply with the Legal Requirement.
24.8 Security Event. ln the event that Recipient li:ams or has reason to believe that Confidential Info1mation has
been disclosed or accessed by an unauthorized party, Recipient will immediately give notice of such event to its business unit
contact at Discloser. Furthermore, in the event that A TL has access to or acquires individuaUy identifiable information in
relation to this Agreement, the following shall apply: J\TL acknowledges that upon unauthorized acquisition or disclosure of
sucb individually identifiable information (including NP! and FPD) within A TL custody or control (a "Security Ever1t"), lhe
law may require that AT I. notify the individuals whose information was disclosed that a Security Event has occurred. A1 L
must notify CUSTOMER irmnediately if ATL learns or has reason to believe a Security Event has occurred. ATL agrees that

- -----
...
it will not notify the individuals until ATL first consulrs with CUSTOl\ilER and CUSTOMER has had nn opportunity to
review any such notice.
24.9 Disposition of Confidential Information on Tennination or Expiration. Upon tennination or expiration of
this Agrt!ement or upon Discloser's written request, Recipient will return to Discloser nlJ copies of Co11fidcntial Infomiatioa
already in Recipient's possession or within its contl'OI. Alternatively, with Discloser's prior written consent, Recipient may
destroy such Confidential Information: provided that the Confidential I.nfom1atio11 is: (i) destroyed in accordance with
applicable law, rule or regulation; und (ii) is rendered unreadable, w1decipherable and otherwise incapable of reconstruction,
in which case:: an officer of Recipient will certify in w1it111g to Discloser that all ~uch Confidential Information hns bet!n so
destroyed.
24. IO No Publicity. ATL agrees not to disclose the identity of CUSTOMER or its affiliates or any of their
directors, officers, ma11agers, employees, consultants or agents as a customer or prospective cusromer of ATL or the
existence or nature of this Agreement without prior written approval from an authorized agent of CUSTOMER.
LN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties bereto have made and executed this Agreement by and through their
respective authorized representatives, lo be effective as orthe date and year first above written.
rx
1\!U
'f..
Yl1:lunvts. I
ATL COMMUNICATIONS cusToMER
By:
Michael Rothchiid
coo
Printed Signatory: Louie Holmes
Title: President & CEO
/_1 /S-
/J-'--'r S_" _ C(5 /{){p J
Dare:--1-g Date:
I I 7
ATL Address: CUSTOMER Address:
56825 Venture Lant! 608 Robin Road
Suite I JO
Sunriver, OR 97707 Lakeland, FL 33803

LOCAL NUMBER PORTING
SERVICE ADDENDUM
l. Appointment of ATL. CUSTOMER hereby appoints A TL to act as CUSTOMER's agent for the purpose of undertaking
local number porting activities on CUSTOMER's behalf pursuant to the Agreement between ATL and CUSTOMER, of
which this Service Addendum is a part.
2. Local Number Porting Activities.
2.1. Pmt-Ins. ATL shall use commercially-reasonable efforts to complete local number porting activities on
CUSTOMER's behalf when CUSTOMER is the new (winning) local service provider (NLSP) as follows (activities may
vary depending on whether CUSTOMER is the new network service provider (NNSP) or is a non-facilities-based provider):
(a) Ongoing Interface. ATL will act as CUSTOMER's primary interface with the Number Portability
Administration Center (NPAC) and other ca1Tiers involved with local number p01ting.
(b) CSR Review. ATL will obtain the customer service record (CSR) from the old (losing) local service
provider (OLSP), if available, and determine whether there are any inconsistencies between the data in the CSR and the
order for CUSTOMER's service. AT L will report any inconsistencies to CUSTOMER and shall thereafter refrain from
carrying out any further pmting activities with respect to the order until CUSTOMER has resolved the inconsistencies and
notifies ATL that porting can proceed.
(c) LSR Submission. ATL will submit an appropriate local service request (LSR) or LSR info1mation to
the NNSP if CUSTOMER is not the NNSP. If CUSTOMER is the NNSP, ATL will send an appropriate LSR to the old
network service provider (ONSP). In addition, AT L will submit supplemental LSRs and cancellation requests, as requested
by CUSTOMER.
(d) FOC. ATL will notify CUSTOMER's provisioning contact upon receipt ofa firm order confirmation
(FOC) and, if applicable, the due date for the port specified in the FOC. Additionally, A TL will notify CUSTOMER if there
is no response back from the OLSP within 24 hours, with follow-up at 36 hours in order to avoid a situation where numbers
could passively port, due to a lack ofresponse from OLSP.
(e) Rejects. ATL will notify CUSTOMER's provisioning contact upon receipt ofan LSR rejection. ATL
and CUSTOMER shall thereafter cooperate with each other to address the reject and to re-submit the LSR to enable
completion of port.
(f) Due Date Coordination. ATL, in cooperation with CUSTOMER, will coordinate po1t due dates, as
necessary, with the ONSP.
(g) NPAC Data Ent1y/Comrnunications. A TL will be responsible for submission of all messages, data,
and other information into the NPAC in accordance with the current local number porting processes established by the
North American Numbering Council (NANC) and will also be the contact point for receipt of related messages from the
NPA C. A TL will advise CUSTOMER of coallict notices, port cancellations, and other communications affecting or
potentially affecting p01t-in activities.
(h) NPA C Data Entry/Communications. ATL will be responsible for submission of all messages, data,
and other info1mation into the NPAC in accordance with the current local number porting processes established by the
North American Numbering CoWlcil (NANC) and will also be the contact point for receipt of related messages from the
NPAC. ATL will advise CUSTOMER of conflict notices, port cancellations, and other communications affecting or
potentially affecting port-in activities.
. . (h) Provisioni~g. A TL, in cooperation with CUSTOMER, will activate switch translations and provide
not1~cat1on to the NPAC to activate the po1t. CUSTOMER shall be responsible for performing any physical activities
required to com~letc po1:s. In cases wher~ a coordinated cut-over is required or requested, ATL, in cooperation with
CUSTO.MER, ~1U nego~iate the cut-over time and process. Following pmt activation by the NPAC, A TL will conduct
appropriate testing to verify that calls to poited numbers complete as expected.