608 Robin Road
Lakeland, FL 33803
863.583.0291 p
863.627.5192 F
866.4.MIXNET
www.mixnetworks.com
networ
'i
March 22, 2016
VIAECFS
Marlene Dortch, Secretary
Federal Communciations Commission
445 121 h Street SW
Washington, DC 20554
Re: MIX Networks, Inc., Applicant for Authorization to Obtain Number Resources Pursuant to
Section 52.15(g) of the Commissions Rules
Dear Ms. Dortch:
Pursuant to Section 52.15(g)(3)(i) of the Commissions Rules, MIX Networks, Inc. hereby submits its
application requesting authorization to obtain numbering resources.
For any question regarding this application please contact Aelea Christofferson at 541-771-8814 or
aelea(a).atlc.com.
Louie M. Holmes, II
MIX Networks, Inc.
:\t I I I .. t ':'.°?- L\

Before the
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Washington, DC 20054
In the matter of:
MIX Networks, Inc., Applicant For )
Authorization to Obtain Numbering )
Resources Pursuant to Section )
52.15(g) of the Commission Rules
APPLICATION OF MIX NETWORKS, INC. AUTHORIZATION
TO OBTAIN NUMBERING RESOURCES
MIX Networks, Inc. pursuant to Section 52.1 S(g)(3)(i) of the Commission's Rules, respectfully requests
authorization to obtain numbering resources as described below.
Applicant requests the Commission grant it authorization as set forth in the Commission's Numbering and
Policies for the 1\1odern Communications, FCC 15-70 (June 22, 20 IS) to obtain numbering resources from the
North American Numbering Administrator.
In support of this application MIX Networks, lnc. provides the following information.
Applicant:
Louie M. Holmes II
CEO
608 Robin Toad
Lakeland, FL 33803
863-583-2863
lmh@M IX networks.c om
Qualified personnel:
Mark Lammert
Compliance Solutions, lnc. (CSI)
242 Rangeline Road
Longwood, FL 32750
407-260-1011
MIX Networks, Inc. acknowledges that authorization to obtain numbering resources under Section 52.15 (g) of
the Commission's Rules is subject to compliance with applicable Commission numbering rules, numbering

authority delegated to the states, and industry guidelines and practices regarding numbering as applicable to
telecommunications carriers.
MIX Networks, Inc. acknowledges it must file requests for numbers with the relevant state commission(s) at least
thirty (30) days before requesting numbers from the Numbering Administrators.
As proof of its facilities readiness, MIX Networks, Inc. has attached to this application a letter from Inteliquent,
Inc. verifying facilities readiness (Exhibit A). Inteliquent, Inc. wiJI be hosting the MIX Networks switches and
providing PSTN connectivity. Also attached is an interconnection agreement between Inteliquent, Inc. and its
local exchange carrier (Exhibit B). Also attached is an agreement with ATL Communications to ensure all
number portability requirements are met and for the necessary interfaces for acquiring numbers (Exhibit C). As a
result, MIX Networks, Inc. already has in place the necessary procedures to enable it to place numbers into
service within 60 days of activation.
MIX Networks, Inc. certifies that it will comply with its Universal Service Fund contribution obligations under 47
CFR part 54, subpart H, its Telecommunications Relay Service contribution obligations under 47 CFR §
64.604(5)(iii), its North American Numbering Plan and Local Number Portability Administration contribution
obligations under 47 CFR §§52.17, 52.32, its obligations to pay regulatory fees under 47CFR§1.1154, and its
91 J obligations under 47 CFR part 9;
MIX Networks, Inc. certifies that it has the financial, managerial, and technical expertise or has contracted with
other vendors to provide such expertise as to provide reliable service.
MIX Network, Inc. 's key management personnel are listed below. None of the identified personnel are being or
h~ve been investigated by the Commission or any law enforcement or regulatory agency for failure to comply
with any law, rule or order.
Louie M. Holmes TI, President and CEO
Tracy Shirley, Comptroller
MTX Networksf Inc certifies that no rty t th· l" · · ·
f 530 l h . . pa o is app icahon is subject to a denial of Federal benefits pursuant to
sec ion o t e Anh-Drug Abuse Act of 1988. See 21 U.S.C. § 862
As required by Section 52. l S(g)(J)(iv) MTX Network . . .
and ce1tifications in this application , d ·11 fil s, In~. wil~ mamtam the accuracy of all contact information
within 30 days of any changes. ~ ~ w1 ' ea co1:·ectron with the Commission and each applicable state
. £ . etwork:s, Inc. will al:;o fu . h
In 0J"ffi3tiOn to each State COJnmission when requesting numb ~JSh accurate regufato1y and numbering COnfaCt
ers m t at state.
PursuanL lo Section 52 15( )(3)(I
. · g ) of the Commission' Rules MIX N
grant this application for authorization to obt . b ' etworks respectfully request the Commission
am num er resources.
~
Louie M. Holmes II
President/CEO
MIX Networks, Inc.

EXHIBIT A
\QnteliQuenr
The following Mix Network trunk groups are completed and in service as of 2/4/ 16.
Order10722471nbound
Order10722581nbound
Order 1072263 Outbound
Order 1072289 Outbound
Thank you,
Nickey
JC:····
John Nickey
\0.
Dir. Product Development, lnteliquent
~r
o: m: .c,
550 West Adams Street, Suite 900, Chicago, IL 60661
inteliQuenr
inteliquent. 550 West Adams Street. Suite 900. Chicago, IL 60661. 855.404.4768. 1ntel1quent.corn

EXHIBITB
•
Global Wlloleut.
600 Hidden Ridge
HOEWMNOTICES
P.O. Box 152092
Irving, TX 75038
wmnotices@verizon.com
July 19, 2010
Richard Monto
Neutral Tandem -Pennsylvania, LLC
1 South Wacker, Suite 200
Chicago, IL 60606
rmonto@neutraltandem.com
Subject: Comprehensive Agreement between Verizon North Inc., f/k/a GTE North Incorporated
and Neutral Tandem -Pennsylvania, LLC In 1he Commonwealth of Pennsylvania dated
October 10, 2007 (the "Agreemenr)
•
On July 1, 2010, Verizon Communications Inc. ("Verizon"), the ultimate parent corporation to Verizon
North Inc. • conducted an internal restructuring, whereby Verizon North transferred certain assets,
liabilities and contracts, including the Agreement, to Verizon North Retain Co. (the "Transactionj.
Venzon North Retain Co. remains a subsidiary of Verizon.
Your organization will continue to have a valid and binding contract with Verizon Nor.th Retain Co., a
wholly owned subsidiary of Verizon. Verizon Nor.th Retain Co. assumes all of the responsibilities,
liabilities and rights of Verizon North Inc. under the Agreement on and after the closing date of July 1,
2010.
By this letter, Verizon Is requesting the consent of your organization to the assignment of the Agreement
from Verizon North Inc. to Verizon North Retain Co. as of the closing of the Transaction. Your consent
means that you agree that the Agreement will continue in force and effect in accordance with its rates,
terms and conditions, on and after the closing of the Transaction, between your organization and Verizon
North Retain Co.
By sending this letter Verizon does not admit that your consent is required or waive any of its rights under
the Agreement.
VPS2-RetainCo
17738

...
•
Comprehensive Agreement between Verizon North Inc., f/k/a GTE North Incorporated and Neutral Tandem -
Pennsylvania. LLC in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania dated October 10, 2007 (the "Agreemenr)
July 14, 2010
Page2
Please indicate the consent of your organization by executing this letter where indicated in the space
provided below and returning It to:
Verizon Global VVholesale
Director-Contract Management
600 Hidden Ridge, HQEWMNotices
Irving. TX 75038
Should you have any questions you may contact your account team.
Sincerely,
~<lljJ.J!£~~/{,
David J. Goldhirsch
DirectorpContract Management
Accepted and Agreed to by:
Neutral Tandem -Pennsylvania, LLC
-~')J-=-L· --i-~~\a_
•
By:
Moo to
B;c.\.\~ L...
Name:
(p"'.carJ., CovvtsQ.. \
TiUe:
Date: _J=u.._1_.,.~~lq _,,,_,2 _0_1_ 0 ___
VIA Electronic Mail
VPS2-RetainCo
17738

eJ.
NEUTRAL
.. -TANDEM. .
One South Wacker, Suite 200
Chicago, IL 60606
ph.12.384.8000
Fox 12.346.3276
Via Overnight Delivery
October 2, 2007
Ann Lassen
Verizon Communications
600 Hidden Ridge, HQE03D40
Irving, TX 75038
RE: Neutral Tandem - Pennsylvania, LLC -Negotiated Interconnection Agreement
between Verizon Pennsylvania (PAe) and Verizon North Inc (PAw) with Neutral
Tandem-Pennsylvania, LLC for the State of Pennsylvania
Dear Ms. Lassen,
•
Enclosed are two original executed signature pages oft he negotiated Interconnection
Agreements referenced above.
Please arrange for signature within Verizon and for filing with the Pennsylvania Public
Utility Commission. After execution, please send one complete original to my attention
at the following address:
Neutral Tandem, Inc
1 South Wacker, Suite 200
Chicago, IL 60606
Ify ou have any questions, I can be reached at 312-384-8050.
Sincerely,
David Tatak
Enclosures
•
make every minute count

_,
•
SIGNATURE PAGE
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of
the Effective Date.
NEUTRAL TANDEM -PENNSYLVANIA, LLC VERIZON NORTH INC.
By:___..;__~-~-'____...~---
By:
Printed: David Tatak Printed: Jeffrey A. Masoner
Title: VP Billing and Revenue Services Title: Vice President -Interconnection Services
Date:
Date: -------------
•
NT PAW Compv3 1 09282007f.doc 27

·-
. ""
,;
• •
SIGNATURE PAGE
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of
the Effective Date.
NEUTRAL TANDEM -PENNSYLVANIA, LLC VERIZON PENNSYLVANIA INC.
By: By:
Printed: David Tatak Printed: Jeffrey A. Masoner
Title: VP Billing and Revenue Services Title: Vice President -Interconnection Services
Date:
Date: -------------
NT PAo Compv3 1 09282007f.doc 27

....
•
AMENDMENT
to
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENTS
THIS AMENDMENT {this "Amendment") amends each of the following
Interconnection Agreements (the "Interconnection Agreements"): (a) each Interconnection
Agreement listed in Appendix 2 to this Amendment; and, (b), any other Interconnection
Agreement under Sections 251 and 252 of the Communications Act of 1934, 47 U.S.C. §§
251 and 252 (including, but not limited to, an interconnection agreement that is an
adoption pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 252(i)) that became effective prior to October 16, 2006,
or that becomes effective on or after October 16, 2006, between a Verizon Party and an
NT Party for the Verizon Party's Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier service area. As used
in this Amendment, (a) the 'Verizon Parties" include each of the Verizon companies listed
in Appendix 1 (each individually 'Verizon" or a 'Verizon Party" and collectively 'Verizon" or
the 'Verizon Parties"), and, {b) the "NT Parties" include each of the NT companies listed in
Appendix 1 and each of their wireline affiliates (each individually "NT" or an "NT Party" and
collectively "NT" or the "NT Parties"). Verizon and NT are hereinafter referred to, each
individually, as a "Party" and, collectively, as the "Parties." This Amendment shall become
effective for each of the Interconnection Agreements listed in Appendix 2 as of October 16,
2006 and for any other Interconnection Agreement as of the later of October 16, 2006 or
•
the date on which such Interconnection Agreement becomes effective. The term
"affiliates," as used in this Amendment, shall have the same meaning as under Rule 405 of
the Rules promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
WITNESS ETH:
WHEREAS, pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 252(i), effective October 16, 2006, Neutral
Tandem-New York, LLC adopted the August 1, 2006 "Interconnection Agreement Under
Sections 251 and 252 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 By and Between Verizon
New York Inc. and AT&T Communications of New York, Inc."; and
WHEREAS, in such adoption letter, Verizon and NT recognized and agreed that the
Unitary Rate Amendment (as defined in Section 1, below) shall apply to all of the
Interconnection Agreements in accordance with the Unitary Rate Amendment's terms; and
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the Unitary Rate Amendment and each
Interconnection Agreement as set forth herein;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, provisions and
covenants herein contained, the Parties agree as follows:
1. Definition. As used in this Amendment, "Unitary Rate Amendment" means
• Amendment No. 1 to the August 1, 2006 "Interconnection Agreement Under
Sections 251 and 252 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 By and Between
Verizon New York Inc. and AT&T Communications of New York, Inc.," that was
adopted by Neutral Tandem- New York, LLC, effective October 16, 2006, pursuant
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106 1
·-·-···
~-----

•
to 47 U.S.C. § 252(i). A copy of the Unitary Rate Amendment is set out in Appendix
3 to this Amendment.
2. Application of the Unitary Rate Amendment. The Parties hereby reaffirm that the
Unitary Rate Amendment, as amended by this Amendment, shall apply to and be a
part of each Interconnection Agreement in accordance with the Unitary Rate
Amendment's terms. References to AT&T in the Unitary Rate Amendment shall be
deemed to be references to NT.
3. Amendment of the Unitary Rate Amendment. The Unitary Rate Amendment and
each Interconnection Agreement is amended as follows:
a. Existing Section 6, "Other Traffic," of Attachment 2, "Terms and Conditions," of
the Unitary Rate Amendment is deleted from the Unitary Rate Amendment.
b. A new Section 6, "Other Traffic," as set out in Appendix 4 to this Amendment, is
added to Attachment 2 of the Unitary Rate Amendment in lieu of existing Section
6 of Attachment 2 of the Unitary Rate Amendment.
c. The second sentence of Section 8(a), "Interconnection Architecture," "Traffic to
Which The Interconnection Architecture Applies,· of Attachment 2 of the Unitary
Rate Amendment, which presently reads:
•
''They also apply to interconnection facilities used by the Parties to exchange
translated LEC lntral..ATA toll free service access code (e.g., 800/888/877)
traffic, lntralATA Toll traffic, tandem transit traffic, V/FX Traffic that is not ISP
Bound Traffic, and VOiP Traffic, subject, however, to the applicable terms, if
any, set forth in the Interconnection Agreements or applicable tariffs (if any)
relating to compensation for facilities, as modified by this Amendment."
is amended to read:
"They also apply to interconnection facilities used by the Parties to exchange
translated LEC lntraLATA toll free service access code (e.g., 800/888/877)
traffic, lntral..ATA Toll traffic, Tandem Transit Traffic (as defined in Section
6.2.1.1, above), Four-Party Traffic (as defined in Section 6.2.2.1, above), V/FX
Traffic that is not ISP-Bound Traffic, and VOiP Traffic, subject, however, to the
applicable terms, if any, set forth in the Interconnection Agreements or
applicable tariffs (if any) relating to compensation for facilities, as modified by
this Amendment."
d. The third sentence of Section 8(d)(i) of Attachment 2 of the Unitary Rate
Amendment, which presently reads:
"Appendix A sets forth those LATAs where AT&T and Verizon are not
•
interconnected as of November 1, 2004 and for which the mutual POI terms set
forth below shall apply, if interconnection is implemented between the Parties in
those LAT As."
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106 2

...
•
is amended to read:
"For those LATAs where NT and Verizon were not interconnected as of
November 1, 2004, the mutual POI terms set forth below shall apply, if
interconnection is implemented between the Parties in those LAT As."
e. "Appendix A," "LATAs Where Verizon and AT&T Are Not Interconnected As of
August 1, 2006," of Attachment 2 of the Unitary Rate Amendment is deleted.
f. Section 8(d)(vi) of Attachment 2 of the Unitary Rate Amendment is deleted.
g. "Appendix B," "30 Condo and Shared Network Facility Arrangements ("SNFA")
Established Between the Parties as of August 1, 2006," of Attachment 2 of the
Unitary Rate Amendment is deleted.
4. Scope of this Amendment. This Amendment shall amend, modify and revise the
Unitary Rate Amendment and each Interconnection Agreement only to the extent
set forth expressly in this Amendment, and, except to the extent set forth in this
Amendment, the rates, terms and provisions of the Unitary Rate Amendment and
each Interconnection Agreement shall remain in full force and effect after the
effective date of this Amendment. Nothing in this Amendment shall be deemed to
•
extend or amend the term of the Unitary Rate Amendment or any Interconnection
Agreement, or to affect the right of a Party to exercise any right of termination it may
have under the Unitary Rate Amendment or any Interconnection Agreement.
s. Conflicts. This Amendment shall be deemed to revise the rates, terms and
provisions of the Unitary Rate Amendment and each Interconnection Agreement to
the extent necessary to give effect to the rates, terms and provisions of this
Amendment. In the event of a conflict between the rates, terms and provisions of
this Amendment and the rates, terms and provisions of the Unitary Rate
Amendment or an Interconnection Agreement, this Amendment shall govern,
provided, however, that the fact that a rate, term or provision appears in this
Amendment but not in the Unitary Rate Amendment or an Interconnection
Agreement, or in the Unitary Rate Amendment or an Interconnection Agreement but
not in this Amendment, shall not be interpreted as, or deemed grounds for finding, a
conflict for purposes of this Section 5.
s. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original and all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
7. Captions. The Parties acknowledge that the captions in this Amendment have been
inserted solely for convenience of reference and in no way define or limit the scope
• or substance of any rate, term or provision of this Amendment.
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106 3

.
..
••
SIGNATURE PAGE
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be
executed.
The Neutral Tandem Parties The Verizon Parties
~ ~
By:
\v' ~'--\ ..J~.__ (\
By:/Jtlt,{). ~
Printed: Jeffrey A. Masoner
VP
Title: ~(LL 1~~ ~ 'Rc-ve->v£ Title: Vice President- Interconnection
S€R..VtC...~S Services
!/ /oz
• Date: oate: t I
~---,,,__--f,'---'----------
•
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106 4
. ---·--------·- - - - ------------'

•
APPENDIX 1
•
•

•
VERIZON PARTIES
Verizon California Inc., a California corporation with a place of business at 112
Lakeview Canyon Road, Thousand Oaks, California, 91362.
Verizon Delaware LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a place of
business at 901 Tatnall Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801.
Verizon Florida Inc., a Florida corporation with a place of business at 201 North
Franklin Street, One Tampa City Center, Tampa, Florida, 33602.
Verizon Maryland Inc., a Maryland corporation with a place of business at One
East Pratt Street, 8th Floor, Baltimore, Maryland 21202.
Verizon New England Inc., a New York corporation with a place of business at
185 Franklin Street, Boston, Massachusetts, 02110.
Verizon New Jersey Inc., a New Jersey corporation with a place of business at
540 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102.
Verizon New York Inc., a New York corporation with a place of business at 140
West Street, New York, New York, 10007.
•
Verizon North Inc., a Wisconsin corporation with a place of business at 8001
West Jefferson Boulevard, Fort Wayne, Indiana, 46804.
Verizon Northwest Inc., a Washington corporation with a place of business at
1800 4151 Street, Everett, Washington, 98201.
Verizon Pennsylvania Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation with a place of business
at 1717 Arch Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 19103.
Verizon South 'Inc., a Virginia corporation with a place of business at 201 North
Franklin Street, One Tampa City Center, Tampa, Florida, 33602.
Verizon Virginia Inc., a Virginia corporation with a place of business at 600 East
Main Street, 11th Floor, Richmond, Virginia, 23219.
Verizon Washington, DC Inc., a New York corporation with a place of business at
2055 L Street, NW, 5th Floor, Washington, DC, 20036.
Verizon West Virginia Inc, a West Virginia corporation with a place of business at
1500 MacCorkle Ave., S.E., Charleston, West Virginia, 25314.
•
GTE Southwest Incorporated a Delaware corporation with a place of business at
500 East Carpenter Freeway, Irving, Texas, 75062.
Appendix 1 1
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106

•
Conte! of the South Inc., a Georgia corporation with a place of business at 600
Hidden Ridge, Irving, Texas, 75038 .
•
•
Appendix 1 2
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106

•
NEUTRAL TANDEM PARTIES
Neutral Tandem-California, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a
place of business at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois, 60606.
Neutral Tandem-Florida, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a place
of business at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois, 60606.
Neutral Tandem-Illinois, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a place
of business at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois, 60606.
Neutral Tandem-Maryland, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a
place of business at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois, 60606.
Neutral Tandem-Massachusetts, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with
a place of business at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois, 60606.
Neutral Tandem-Michigan, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a
place of business at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois, 60606.
Neutral Tandem-New Jersey, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a
• place of business at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois, 60606.
Neutral Tandem-New York, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a
place of busine.ss at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois, 60606.
Neutral Tandem-Virginia, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a place
of business at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois, 60606.
Neutral Tandem-Washington, D.C., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
with a place of business at 1 South Wacker Drive, Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois,
60606 .
•
Appendix 1 3
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106

..
•
APPENDIX2
•
•

•
Appendix2
Interconnection Agreements Between the Parties as of October 16, 2006
THIS
TITLE OF AMENDMENT
NAMES OF EFFECTIVE
STATE INTERCONNECTION IS
PARTIES DATE
AGREEMENT AMENDMENT
NUMBER
California Adoption by Neutral Verizon 10/23/2004 No.3
Tandem-California, LLC California Inc.
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. §
252(i) of the: Neutral
Tandem-
Interconnection, Resale California, LLC
and Unbundling
Agreement between GTE
California Incorporated,
Contel of California, Inc.
andAT&T
Communications of
California, Inc.
District of Agreement by and Verizon 3/27/2006 No.2
Columbia between Neutral Tandem- Washington,
•
Washington, D.C., LLC DC Inc .
and Verizon Washington,
DC Inc. for the District of Neutral
Columbia Tandem-
Washington,
D.C., LLC
Florida Adoption by Neutral Verizon Florida 11/7/05 No.1
Tandem-Florida, LLC Inc.
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. §
252(i) of the: Neutral
Tandem-
Agreement by and Florida, LLC
Between Us LEC of
Florida Inc. and Verizon
Florida Inc., f/k/a GTE
Florida Incorporated for
the State of Florida
Maryland Agreement by and Verizon 3/27/2006 No.2
between Neutral Tandem- Maryland Inc.
Maryland, LLC and
Verizon Maryland Inc. for Neutral
the State of Maryland Tandem-
Marvland, LLC
•
Appendix2 1
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106

•
Massachusetts Adoption by Neutral Verizon New 5/4/04 No.2
Tandem-Massachusetts, England Inc.
LLC Pursuant to 47 §
U.S.C. 252(i) of the: Neutral
Tandem-
Interconnection Massachusetts,
Agreement between LLC
AT&T Communications of
New England, Inc., and
New England Telephone
and Telegraph Company,
d/b/a Bell Atlantic -
Massachusetts
New Jersey Adoption by Neutral Verizon New 5/10/04 No.2
Tandem-New Jersey, Jersey Inc.
LLC Pursuant to 47 §
U.S.C. 252(i) of the: Neutral
Tandem-New
Agreement Between Bell Jersey, LLC
Atlantic - New Jersey,
Inc. and Sprint
Communications
Company L.P.
New York Adoption By Neutral V~rizon New 10/16/06 No.1
• Tandem-New York, LLC York Inc.
Pursuant To 47 U.S.C. §
252{i) of the: Neutral
Tandem-New
Interconnection York, LLC
Agreement Under
Sections 251 And 252 of
the Telecommunications
Act of 1996 by and
between Verizon New
York Inc. and AT&T
Communications of New
York Inc.
•
Appendix2 2
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106
'-------·- - --------- -------···--

•
Ohio Adoption by Neutral Verizon North 5/3/04 No.1
Tandem-Michigan, LLC Inc.
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. §
252(i) of the: Neutral
Tandem-
Interconnection, Resale Michigan, LLC
and Unbundling
Agreement between GTE
North Incorporated and
AT&T Communications of
Ohio, Inc.
Virginia Agreement by and Verizon Virginia 3/27/2006 No.2
between Neutral Tandem- Inc.
Virginia, LLC and Verizon
Virginia Inc. for the Neutral
Commonwealth of Virginia Tandem-
Virginia, LLC
Virginia Agreement by and Verizon South 3/27/2006 No.2
between Neutral Tandem- Inc.
Virginia, LLC and Verizon
South Inc. for the Neutral
Commonwealth of Virginia Tandem-
Virginia, LLC
Wisconsin Adoption by Neutral Verizon North 10/22/04 No. 1
• Tandem-Illinois, LLC Inc.
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. §
252(i} of the: Neutral
Tandem-
Interconnection, Resale Illinois, LLC
and Unbundling
Agreement between
AT&T Communications of
Wisconsin, Inc. and GTE
North Incorporated
•
Appendlx2 3
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106

..
•
APPENDIX3
•
•
'--------- -- .

•
APPENDIX4
•
•
I
I
J

r
•
6. Other Traffic
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Interconnection Agreements
(including, but not limited to, in the Unitary Rate Amendment), a tariff, an SGAT,
or otherwise:
6.1 For any traffic originating with a third party Telecommunications Carrier
and delivered by NT to Verizon: (a) NT shall pay Verizon the same
amount that such third party Telecommunications Carrier would have
been obligated to pay Verizon for termination of that traffic at the location
the traffic is delivered to Verizon by NT; and, (b) if NT pays Verizon for
termination of such traffic in accordance with Section 6.1 (a), preceding,
Verizon shall not bill the third party Telecommunications Carrier for
termination of that traffic. This Section 6.1 does not apply to Four-Party
Traffic that is subject to Section 6.2.
6.2 Tandem Transit Traffic and Four-Party Traffic
6.2.1 Tandem Transit Traffic
6.2.1.1 As used in this Section 6.2, "Tandem Transit Trafficn is
Telephone Exchange Service traffic1 that originates on
•
NT's network (i.e., where an NT End User originates the
call on NT's network), and is transported through Verizon's
Tandem to the subtending End Office or its equivalent of a
Telecommunications Carrier other than Verizon {e.g., a
competitive Local Exchange Carrier (CLEC), Incumbent
Local Exchange Carrier (ILEC) other than Verizon, other
Local Exchange Carrier (LEC), or Commercial Mobile
Radio Service (CMRS) carrier)2 • Neither the originating
customer nor the terminating customer is an End User of
Verizon. Subtending End Offices or their equivalent shall
be determined in accordance with and as identified in the
Local Exchange Routing Guide {LERG). For the
avoidance of any doubt, under no circumstances shall
Verizon be obligated to transit traffic through a Verizon
Tandem to an End Office or its equivalent that the LERG
does not identify as subtending that particular Verizon
1 For the purposes of this Section 6.2, "Telephone Exchange Service traffic" shall be deemed to
include (but not be limited to) VOiP Traffic where the actual originating and terminating points
of the complete end-to-end communication are both located within the same Verizon local
calling area. (the Parties hereby acknowledge that they shall not be deemed, by virtue of this
•
Section 6.2, to have agreed for any other purpose whether such VOiP Traffic is or is not
"Telephone Exchange Service traffic.") The first sentence of this footnote shall not apply to
VOiP Traffic that Is subject to Section S(a), above.
2
Such a carrier is referred to in this Section 6.2 as a "Receiving Carrier."
Appendix4 1
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106
--·-- -··-·- ----- - - -- -- - --- -· - ·•··-·-·--·---

r
•
Tandem. Switched Exchange Access service traffic is not
Tandem Transit Traffic.
6.2.1.2 Tandem Transit Traffic Service provides NT with the
transport of Tandem Transit Traffic as provided in this
Section 6.2.1 and Section 6.2.3.
6.2.1.3 NT may use Tandem Transit Traffic Service only for traffic
that originates on NT's network.
6.2.1.4 NT shall pay Verizon for Tandem Transit Traffic Service at
the rates for Tandem Transit Traffic Service provided for in
Exhibit 1, "Pricing Attachment for Tandem Transit Traffic
Service and Four-Party Traffic Service," attached. The
"Pricing Attachment for Tandem Transit Traffic Service and
Four-Party Traffic Service" is hereby made a part of this
Section 6.2.
6.2.1.5 The provisions of Section 6.2.3 apply to and are
incorporated into this Section 6.2.1.
6.2.2 Four-Party Traffic
•
6.2.2.1 As used in this Section 6.2, "Four-Party Traffic" is
Telephone Exchange Service traffic3 that (a) originates on
the network of a Telecommunications Carrier other than
NT (e.g., a CLEC, ILEC other than Verizon, other LEC, or
Commercial Mobile Radio Service (CMRS) carrier), (b) is
transported through NT's network and delivered by NT to
Verizon, and (c) then is transported through Verizon's
Tandem to the subtending End Office or its equivalent of a
Telecommunications Carrier other than Verizon (e.g., a
CLEC, ILEC other than Verizon, other LEC, or Commercial
Mobile Radio Service (CMRS) carrier)4 • Neither the
originating customer nor the terminating customer is an
End User of Verizon or NT. Subtending End Offices or
their equivalent shall be determined in accordance with
and as identified in the Local Exchange Routing Guide
(LERG). For the avoidance of any doubt, under no
3 For the purposes of this Section 6.2, "Telephone Exchange Service traffic'' shall be deemed to
include (but not be limited to) VOiP Traffic where the actual originating and terminating points
of the complete end-to-end communication are both located within the same Verizon local
calling area. (The Parties hereby acknowledge that they shall not be deemed, by virtue of this
•
Section 6.2, to have agreed for any other purpose whether such VOiP Traffic is or is not
"Telephone Exchange Service traffic.") The first sentence of this footnote shall not apply to
VOiP Traffic that is subject to Section S(a), above.
4 Such a carrier is referred to in this Section 6.2 as a "Receiving Carrier.~
Appendix4 2
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106

.
...
•
circumstances shall Verizon be obligated to transit traffic
through a Verizon Tandem to an E:nd Office or its
equivalent that the LERG does not identify as subtending
that particular Verizon Tandem. Switched Exchange
Access service traffic is not Four-Party Traffic.
6.2.2.2 Four-Party Traffic Service provides NT with the transport of
Four-Party Traffic as provided in this Section 6.2.2 and
Section 6.2.3.
6.2.2.3 NT shall pay Verizon for Four-Party Traffic Service at the
rates for Four-Party Traffic Service provided for in Exhibit
1, "Pricing Attachment for Tandem Transit Traffic Service
and Four-Party Traffic Service," attached. The "Pricing
Attachment for Tandem Transit Traffic Service and Four
Party Traffic Service" is hereby made a part of this Section
6.2.
6.2.2.4 The provisions of Section 6.2.3 apply to and are
incorporated into this Section 6.2.2.
6.2.3 Additional Provisions
•
6.2.3.1 The provisions in this Section 6.2.3 apply to Sections 6.2.1
and 6.2.2, above.
6.2.3.2 As used in this Section 6.2.3:
6.2.3.2.1 "Traffic" means and is comprised of "Tandem
Transit Traffic" (as defined in Section 6.2.1) and
"Four-Party Traffic" (as defined in Section 6.2.2).
6.2.3.2.2 "Receiving Carrier'' means a
Telecommunications Carrier to whom Verizon
has transported Traffic that was delivered by NT
to Verizon, as described in Section 6.2.1 or
Section 6.2.2.
6.2.3.3 Traffic shall be routed over the interconnection trunks
described in the Interconnection Agreement (including, but
not limited to, in the Unitary Rate Amendment) for the
delivery of Local Traffic to Verizon. NT shall deliver each
call to Verizon's Tandem with Common Channel Signaling
(CCS) and the appropriate Transactional Capabilities
Application Part (''TCAP") message to facilitate full
•
interoperability of CLASS Features and billing functions .
I
I
Appendix4 3
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106
1

)'
f
•
6.2.3.4 NT shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts
(including, but not limited to, requesting assistance from a
state regulatory commission, the Federal Communications
Commission, or other appropriate government authorities)
to promptly establish a reciprocal traffic exchange
arrangement (either via written agreement or mutual tariffs)
with every Receiving Carrier to which NT delivers Traffic
through Verizon's Tandem. Such reciprocal traffic
exchange arrangements shall provide for the Receiving
Carrier to terminate or complete Traffic delivered by NT
and to bill NT or another Telecommunications Carrier other
than Verizon, and not to bill Verizon, for such Traffic. If
Verizon believes that NT has not exercised commercially
reasonable efforts to promptly establish such reciprocal
traffic exchange arrangements, each Party may use the
dispute resolution processes of the Interconnection
Agreement.
6.2.3.5 Verizon shall not be liable for compensation to any
Receiving Carrier or to NT or to any other person or entity
for any Traffic that is transported through Verizon's
Tandem, and Verizon reserves the right to assess to NT,
•
and NT shall promptly pay to Verizon, any charges or costs
any Receiving Carrier or other person or entity bills to, or
imposes or levies on, Verizon for the delivery, transport or
termination of such Traffic, including, but not limited to, any
switched Exchange Access service charges. If Verizon is
billed by any Receiving Carrier or other person or entity for
any Traffic delivered by NT to Verizon, Verizon may
provide notice to NT of such billing. Upon receipt of such
notice, NT shall immediately cease sending to Verizon any
Traffic going to such Receiving Carrier or other person or
entity until Verizon provides written notice to NT that NT
may resume sending to Verizon Traffic going to such
Receiving Carrier or other person or entity (which Verizon
will do upon receipt of a written certification signed by an
authorized officer or agent of the Receiving Carrier or of
the other person or entity, in form and substance
acceptable to Verizon, that the Receiving Carrier or other
person or entity has removed such billed charges from the
bill the Receiving Carrier or other person or entity has
submitted to Verizon and that the Receiving Carrier or
other person or entity will not bill Verizon for any Traffic
delivered by NT to Verizon} .
•
6.2.3.6 If NT uses Verizon's network for Traffic volumes (total
combined Tandem Transit Traffic and Four-Party Traffic
Appendix4 4
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106
L_:._, _____ --

•
•
volumes) that exceed the CCS busy hour equivalent of
200,000 combined minutes of use per month {a DS1
equivalent) to the subtending End Office or its equivalent of
a particular Receiving Carrier for any month (the
"Threshold Level"), NT shall use good faith efforts to
establish direct interconnection with such Receiving Carrier
and reduce such Traffic volumes below the Threshold
Level. If Verizon believes that NT has not exercised good
faith efforts promptly to obtain such direct interconnection,
each Party may attempt to resolve the dispute in
accordance with the dispute resolution provisions of the
Interconnection Agreement.
6.2.4 Traffic Delivered to Third-Party Telecommunications Carriers
Connected to NT
6.2.4.1 Upon written request from Verizon, NT shall offer to
Verizon service arrangements equivalent to or the same as
the service arrangements provided by Verizon to NT
pursuant to Sections 6.2.1 through 6.2.3 such that Verizon
may terminate calls to a switch or its equivalent of a
Telecommunications Carrier (e.g., CLEC, ILEC other than
•
Verizon, other LEC, or Commercial Mobile Radio Service
(CMRS) carrier), that subtends or interconnects with an NT
switch or its equivalent ("Reciprocal Transit/Four-Party
Traffic Servicen). NT shall offer such Reciprocal
Transit/Four-Party Traffic Service arrangements under the
rates, terms and other provisions of a written amendment
to the Interconnection Agreements that expressly
references this Section 6.2.4. Such rates, terms and other
provisions shall be no less favorable to Verizon than the
rates, terms and other provisions set out in Sections 6.2.1
through 6.2.3, above, Exhibit 1, "Pricing Attachment for
Tandem Transit Traffic Service and Four-Party Traffic
Service," attached, and other applicable provisions of the
Interconnection Agreements (including, but not limited to,
the Unitary Rate Amendment). Verizon shall have the right
to determine in its sole discretion whether it will enter into
such a written amendment to the Interconnection
Agreements and shall have no obligation to enter into such
a written amendment to the Interconnection Agreements.
An NT tariff shall not be deemed to be such a written
amendment to the Interconnection Agreements.
•
6.2.4.2 Verizon may deliver to NT, and NT may accept from
Verizon, traffic that is to be transported or delivered from
NT to another Telecommunications Carrier only pursuant
Appendix4 5
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106

f
•
to the rates, terms and other provisions of a written
amendment to the Interconnection Agreements that has
been entered into by Verizon and NT pursuant to Section
6.2.4.1, above. If such a written amendment to the
Interconnection Agreements is not in effect (e.g., because
Verizon and NT have not entered into such a written
amendment to the Interconnection Agreements, or
because such a written amendment to the Interconnection
Agreements has expired): (a) Verizon shall not deliver to
NT traffic that is to be transported or delivered from NT to
another Telecommunications Carrier; (b) NT shall not
accept from Verizon traffic that is to be transported or
delivered from NT to another Telecommunications Carrier;
and, (c) NT shall not bill Verizon, and Verizon shall have no
obligation to pay NT, any charges for, or in connection
with, (i) any traffic delivered by Verizon to NT that is
transported or delivered from NT to another
Telecommunications Carrier, or (ii) any services, facilities
or other arrangements used in connection with such traffic.
6.2.5 General Provisions
•
6.2.5.1 Each Party may enter into a direct and reciprocal traffic
exchange arrangement with any other Telecommunications
Carrier. Neither Party shall take any actions to prevent the
other Party from entering into a direct and reciprocal traffic
exchange arrangement with any other Telecommunications
Carrier.
6.2.5.2 If NT fails to comply with this Section 6.2, such failure shall
be a material breach of a material provision of the
Interconnection Agreements and Verizon may exercise any
and all remedies under the Interconnection Agreements
and Applicable Law for such breach. Without limiting the
preceding sentence, if NT fails to comply with this Section
6.2, and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after
written notice thereof from Verizon, Verizon may, by written
notice to NT, (a) suspend the provision of any or all
services under this Section 6.2, or (b) cancel the
Interconnection Agreements and terminate the provision of
all services under the Interconnection Agreements.
6.3 The following traffic shall not be included in the calculation of the
• Aggregated Traffic Ratio in Section (3)(a) above: (a) Local Traffic or ISP
Bound Traffic that originates with a third party Telecommunications
Carrier, is routed through such third party Telecommunications Carrier's
Appendix4 6
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106

•
own switch, and is handed off by NT to Verizon; and, (b) Local Traffic or
ISP-Bound Traffic that Verizon hands off to NT for delivery to a third party
Telecommunications Carrier and is routed through such third party
Telecommunications Carrier's own switch .
•
•
Appendix4 7
Neutral Tandem Amend 121106
I·