•
Neutral Tandem requests disconnection of the subject
facility or an alternative term that Verizon offers under Its
Interstate special access tariff for the subject facility or
service.
1.7.2.2.1 In the case of Dark Fiber Transport (there being
no analogous service under Verizon's access
tariffs), the monthly recurring charges that
Verizon may charge, and that Neutral Tandem
shalf be obligated to pay, for each circuit shall be
shall be the charges for the commercial service
that Verizon, in its sole discretion, determines to
be analogous to the subject Dark Fiber
Transport and, unless otherwise agreed in
writing by the Parties, Verizon may, without
further notice, disconnect the subject dark fiber
facility within thirty (30) days of the date on
which the dispute is resolved in Verizon's favor.
In any case where Neutral Tandem, within thirty
(30) days of the date on which the dispute is
resolved in Verlzon's favor, submits a· valid ASR
for a "lit" service to replace the subject Dark ~
Fiber Transport faclllty, Verizon shall continue to
provide the Dark Fiber Transport facility at the
rates specified above, but only for the duration
• of the standard Interval for installation of the •fit"
service .
1. 7. 2.3 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement,
Verizon may reject a Neutral Tandem order for a TRRO
Certification Element without first seeking dispute
resolution: (a) in any case where Neutral Tandem's order
conflicts with a provision of a Verizon Tariff, (b) in any case
where Neutral Tandem's order conflicts with a non-impaired
UNE Wire Center designation set forth in a Wire Center List
that Verizon has made available to Neutral Tandem by
notice and/or by publication on Verlzon's wholesale website,
(c) In any case where Neutral Tandem's order conflicts with
a non-impaired UNE Wire Center designation that the
Commission or the FCC has ordered or approved or that
has otherwise been confirmed through previous dispute
resolution (regardless of whether Neutral Tandem was a
party to such dispute resolution), or (d) as otherwise
permitted under the Federal Unbundling Rules (including,
but not limited to, upon a determination by the Commission,
the FCC, or a court of competent jurisdiction that Verizon
may reject orders for TRRO Certification Elements without
first seeking dispute resolution).
1.8 Limitation With Resoect to Replacement ArranC!§ments. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, any negotiations regarding any UNE
replacement arrangement, facility, service or the like that Verizon Is not required
to provide under the Federal Unbundling Rules (inGludlng without limitation any
arrangement, facility, service or the like that Verizon offers under an access tariff)
•
shall be deemed not to have been conducted pursuant to the Agreement, 47 ··
U.S.C. § 252(aX1}, or 47 C.F.R. Part 51, and shall not be subject to arbitration or
NT PAe Compv~.1 09262007f,doc 87
L--- - ------------··- -· -· --- -----·-

•
other requirements under to 47 U.S.C. § 252(b ). Any·r eference in this
Attachment to Verizon's provision ofa arrangement, facility, service or the like
that Verizon Is not required to·p rovide ander1he Federal Unbundling Rules Is
solely for the convenience of the Parties and shaH not be construed to require or
permit (a) arbitration pursa~nno 47 U.S.C. § 252(b) of the rates, terms, or
conditions upon Whlch Verilon may pro\lide such arrangement. facility, service or
the like, or (b) application of 47 U.S.C. § 252 In any other respect.
2. VerlZon's Provision of Network Elements
_ Subject to the condltlons setforth in Section 1 of1hls Attachment, in accordance with, but
only to the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules, Verizon shaR provlde
Neutral Tandem access to the following: -
2.1 Loops, as set forth In Section 3 of this Attachment;
2.2 Une Splitting {also referred to as •Loop Sharing•), as set forth In Section 4 of this
Attachment;
· 2.3 · [Intentionally Left Blank];
2.4 Sub-Loops, as set forth In Section 6 of this Attachment;
Z.5 Sub-Loop for Multiunlt Tenant Premises Access, as set forth in Section 7 of thfs
Attachment;
2.6 -Dark Fiber Transport (sometimes referred to as ~oar1c Aber IOP), as set forth In •
Section 8 of this Attachment;
2.7 Network Interface Device, as set forth In Section 9 of this Attachment:
2.8 (Intentionally Left Blank];
2.9 Dedicated Transport (may also be referred to as •interoffice Transmission
Facilities•) (or •toP), as set forth in Section 11 of.this Attachment
2.1 Q (Intentionally Left Blank]:
2.11 Operations Support Systems, as set forth In Section 13 of this Attachment: and
2.12 Other UNEs In accordance with Section 14 of thfS Attachment.
3. toop TraMmlulOn Typo
3.1 Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment, Verizon shall
allow Neutral Tandem to access Loops unbundled from local switching and local
transport. In accordance with this 5ectlorf3 and the rates and charges provided
In the Pricing Attachment Verizon shall allow Neutral Tandem access to Loops
in accordance -Mth, but only to extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules.
Subject to the foregoing and the provisions regarding FTTP Loops, In Sectlon 3.5
below, and Hybrid Loops, In Section 3.6 below, the available Loop types are as
set forth below:
3.1.1 "2 Wire AnalQ9 Voice Grade Loop• -or "Analog 2W' provides an
effective 2-wlre Qhannel with 2..wlre Interfaces at each end that Is
saltable for the transport of analog Voice Grade (nominal 300 to 3000
Hz) signals and loop-start-signaling. This Loop type IS more fully .
described in Verizon Technical Reference (TR)-72565, as revised from
NT .P.Ae compvs.~ 002a2001r.doc 88

•
time-t£>-time. If "Customer-Specified Signaling" is requested, the Loop
will operate with one of the following signaling types that may be
specified when the Loop is ordered: loop-start, ground-start. loop
reverse-battery, and no signaling. Customer specified signaling is
more fully described in Verizon TR-72570, as revised from time-to
time. Verizon will not build new facilities or modify existing facilities
except to the extent required in Section 17 of this Attachment
3.1.2 "4-Wire Analog Voice Grade Loop· or "Analog 4W" provides an
effective 4-wire channel with 4-wlre interfaces at each end that is
suitable for the transport of analog Voice Grade (nominal 300 to 3000
Hz) signals. This Loop type will operate with one of the following
signaling types that may be specified when the Loop is ordered: loop
start, ground-start. loop-reverse-battery, duplex, and no signaling. This
Loop type Is more fully described in Verizon TR-72570, as revised from
time-to-time. Verizon will not build new facilities or modify existing
facilities except to the extent required In Section 17 of this Attachment
3. 1.3 "2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop" or "BRI ISDN" provides a channel
with 2-wlre ·interfaces at each end that Is suitable for the transport of
160 kbps digital services using the ISDN 2B1Q line code. This Loop
type Is more fully described in American National Standards lnstitut~
(ANSI) T1.601-1998 and Verizon TR 72575, as revised from time-to
time. In some cases loop extension equipment may be necessary to
·bring the line loss within acceptable levels. Verizon will provide loop
eictension equipment only upon request A separate charge will apply
•
for loop extension equipment The 2-Wire ISDN Digital Grade Loop is
available only fn the fonner Bell Atlantic Service Areas. In the former
GTE Service Areas only, Neutral Tandem may order a 2-Wire Digital
Compatible Loop using 2-wire ISDN ordering codes to provide similar
capablllty. Verizon wi11 not build new facilities or modify existing
facilities except to the extent required In Section 17 of this Attachment.
3.1.4 "2-Wire ADSL-Compatible. Loop" or "ADSL 2W' provides a channel
with 2-wlre interfaces at each end that is suitable for the transport of
digital signals up to 8 Mbps toward the Customer and up to 1 Mbps
.from the Customer. This Loop type is more fully described in Verizon
TR-72575, as revised from time-to-time. ADSL-Compatlble Loops will
be available only where existing copper facilities are available and
meet applicable specifications. Verizon will not build new facilities or
modify existing facilities except to the extent required In Sections 3.2 or
17 of this Attachment The upstream and downstream ADSL power
spectral density masks and de line power limits in Verizon TR 72575,
as revised from time-to-time, must be met The 2-Wlre ADSL
Compatible Loop Is available only in the fonner Bell Atlantic Service
Areas. In the former GTE Service Areas only, Neutral Tandem may
order a 2-Wire Digital Compatible Loop using 2-wire ADSL ordering
codes to provide similar capability.
3.1.5 "2-Wire HDSL-Compatlble Loop" or "HDSL 2W' consists of a single 2-
wire non-loaded, twisted copper pair that meets the carrier serving
area design criteria. This Loop type ls more fully described in Verizon
TR-72575, as revised from time-to-time. The HDSL power spectral .
density mask and de line power limits referenced In Verizon TR 72575,
• as revised from time-to-time, must be met 2-Wire HDSL-Compatible
Loops will be provided only where existing facilities are available and
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 89

•
can meet applicable specifications. The 2-Wlre HDSL-compatlble
Loop Is available only In the former Sell Atlantic Service areas. In the .
former GTE Service Areas only,,Neutral Tandem may order a 2-Wire
Digital Compatible Loop using 2-Wire HDSL ordering codes to provide
similar capability. Verizon will not build new facilities or modify existing
facilities except to the extent required In Sections 3.2 or 17 of this
Attachment.
3. 1-.6 "4-Wlre HDSL-Compatlble Loop" or •HDSL 4W" consists of two 2-wlre
non-loaded, twisted copper pairs that meet the carrier serving area
design criteria. This Loop type is more fully described in Verizon TR-
72575, as revised·from time-to-time. The HDSL power spectral density
mask and de ·lfne power limits referenced In Verizon TR 72575, as
reVised from time-to-time, must be met. 4-Wire HDSL..compatlble
Loops will be provided only wnere existing facilities are avaUable and
can meet applicable specifications. Verizon will not build new facilities
or modify existing facilities except to the extent required In Sections 3.2
or 17 of this Attachment
3.1. 7 "2-Wlre IDSL-Compatible Metallic Loop" consists of a single 2-wire
non-loaded, twisted copper pair that meets revised resistance design
aiteria. This Loop is Intended to be used with very-low band
symmetric -OSL systems that meet the Class 1 signal power limits and
other crftena in the T1 E1 .4 loop spectrum-management standard
(T1 E1 .412000-002R3} and are not compatible with 281 Q 160 kbps
ISDN transport systems. The actual data rate achieved depends upon
the performance of CLEO-provided modems with the electrical •
charactertsHcs associated with the loop. Thi$ Loop type Is more fully
described In T1 E1.412000-002R3, 8$ revised from time-to-time. This
loop cannot be provided via UOLC. The 2-Wire IOSL-Compatlble
Metallic Loop Is available only In the former Bell Atlantic Service Areas.
In the former GlE Service Areas only, Neutral Tandem may order a 2-
Wire Digital Compatible Loop using ISDN ordering codes to provide
similar capablllty. Verizon will llQt build new facilities or modify existing
faclilties except to the extent required In Sections 3.2 or 17 of thls
Attachment.
3.1.8 ·2-Wire SDSL-Compatible Loop•, Is Intended to be used with low band
symmetric DSL systems that m,eet the Class 2 signal power limits and
o~r crlterfa In the T1-E~ .4 loop s~m· management standard
. (T1 E1.412000-002R3). This Loop consists of~ single 2-wfre non
loaded, twisted copper pair that meets Class 2 length llrnlt In
T1 E1 .4/2ooo.-002R3. The data rate achieved depends on the
performance of th8 CLEC-provided modems with the electrical
characteristics assbclated with the loop ..T his Loop type Is more fully
desCFibed In T1 E1.4/2000-002R3, as revl$8d from time-to-time. The 2·
Wire SDSL-Compatible Loop ls available only ln the former Bell ·
Atlantic Service Areas. In the former GTE Service Areas only, Neutral
Tandem may order a 2-Wrre Digital Compatible Loop to provide similar
capablllty. SDSL-compatible local loops will be provided only where
facilities are avallable and can meet applicable speclflcattOf'.l~· Verizon
wm
not build new facilities or modify existing facilities except to the
extent required In Sections 3.2 or 17 of this Attachment.
3.1.9 "4-Wlre 56 kbps Loop" Is a 4-wire Loop that provides a.transmission. •
path tha~ is suitable for the transport of dlgftal data at a synchronous
NJ P~e·Compv3J 00282007f.doc 90
--·-------··------ ------- ----------------------------

•
rate of 56 kbps in opposite directions on such Loop simultaneously. A
4-Wlre 56 kbps Loop consists of two pairs of non-loaded copper wires
with no intermediate electronics or it consists of universal digifal loop
carrier with 56 kbps DDS dataport transport capability. Verizon shall
provide 4-Wire 56 kbps Loops to Neutral Tandem in accordance with,
and subject to, the technical specifications set forth In Verizon TR-
72575, as revised from time-to-time. Verizon will not build new
facilities or modify existing facilities except to the extent required in
Section 17 of this Attachment
3.1.10 "DS1 Loops" provide a digital transmission channel suitable for the
transport of 1.544 Mbps digital signals. This Loop type is more fully
described In Verizon TR 72575, as revised from time to time. The DS1
Loop Includes the electronics neoessary to provide the 081
transmission rate. If, at the requested installation date, the electronics
necessary to provide the OS1 transmission rate are not available for
the requested 081 Loop, then Verizon will not install new electronics
except to the extent required In Section 17 of this Attachment Verizon
will not build new facilities and will not modify existing faet1lties except
to the extent required in Section 17 of this Attachment. If the
electronics necessary to provide Clear Channel (88ZS) signaling are at
the requested installation date available for a requested OS1 Loop,..
upon request by Neutral Tandem, the DS1 Loop will be furnished with
Clear Channel (BBZS} signaling. Verizon will not install new
electronics to furnish Clear Channel (BBZS) signaling. For purposes of
provisions Implementing any right Verizon may have to cease
•
providing unbundled access to OS1-capacity Loops under the TRRO
pursuant to Section 1· of this Attachment, the term "OS1 Loop" further
includes any type of Loop described In Section 3.1 of the Network
Elements Attachment that provides a digital transmlssion channel
suitable for the transport of 1.544 Mbps digital sigAals, regardless of
whether the subject Loop meets the specific definition of a 0$1 Loop
set forth Jn this section.
3.1.11 "OS3 Loops" will support the transmission of isochronous bipolar serial
data at a rate of 44.7 36 Mbps (the equivalent of 28 DS1 channels).
This Loop type is more fully described in Verizon TR 72575, as revised
from time to time. The DS3 Loop includes the electronics necessary td
provide the DS3 transmission rate. If, at the requested installatlon
date, the electronics necessary to provide the DS3 transmission rate
are not available for the requested DS3 Loop, then Verizon will not.
install new electronics except to the extent required in Section 17 of
this Attachment Verizon will not build new facllltles and will not modify
existing facilities except to the extent required In Section 17 of this
Attachment For purposes of provisions implementing any right
Verizon may have to cease providing unbundled access to 083-
capaclty loops under the TRRO pursuant to Section 1 of this
Attachment. the term "DS3 Loop" further includes any type of Loop
described in Section 3.1 of the Network Elements Attachment that
provides a digital transmission channel sult~ble for the transport of
44.736 Mbps digital signals, regardless of whether the subject Loop
meets the specific definition of a DS3 Loop set forth in this section.
3.1.12 In the former Bell Atlantic Service Areas only, "Digital Designed Loops"
• are comprised of designed loops that meet specific Neutral Tandem
requirements for metallip loops over 18k ft. or for conditioning of ADSL,
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 91

•
HOSL, SDSL, IDSL, or BRI ISDN Loops. •Digital Designed Loops"
may rnolude requests for. -
3.1.12. t -a 2W Digital Designed Metalllc loop With a total loop length
of 18k to 30k ft, unloaded, witttthe option to remove
bridged tap;
3.1.12.2 -a 2W A:DSL Loop of 12k to 18k ft. with an option to remove
bridged tap (such a Loop with the bridged tap so removed
shall be deemed to be a •2w ADSL Compatible Loop");
3.1.12.3 a 2W ADSL Loop of less than f2k fl with an option to
.remove bridged tap (such a LOOp with the bridged tap so
removed shall be deemed to be a •2w ADSL Compatible
Loop•); -
3.1.12.4 a 2W HDSL Loop of le5s than 12k ft. wJth an option to
remove bridged tap:
3.1.12.5 a 4W HDSL Loop of less than 12k ft with an option to
remove bridged tap;
3.1.12.6- _a 2 W Digital Designed Metallic loop with Verizon-placed
· ISDN loop extension electronics; •
3. f .12.7 a 2W SDSL Loop with an option to remove bridged tap; and
•
3.1.12.8 a 2W IDSL Loop of less than 1Sk ft with an option to
remove bridged tap:
3.1.1-3 Verizon shall make Digital Designed Loops available Neutral Tandem
at the rates as set forth In the Pricing Attachment.
3.1.14 In the former GTE Service Areas only, "Conditioned Loops• are
comprised of designed loops that meet specific Neutral Tandem
requirements for metallic loops over 12k ft or for conditioning of 2-wlre
or 4-wlre digltal or 13RI ISDN Loops. MQondltloned Loops" may include
requests for:
3.1.14.1 a 2W Digital Loop with a total loop length of 12k to 30k ft.,
unloaded, with the option to ~emove bridged tap (such a
Loop, unloaded, with bridged tap so removed shall be
~med to be a ·2w DiQl.tal Compatible Loop•);
3.1.14.2 a 2W Digltal Loop of 12k to 18k ft. with an option to remove
load COiis and/or bridged tap (such a Loop with load coils
and/or bridged tap so remo'1ed shall be deemed to be a
~2W Digital Compatible Loop~):
3.1.14.3 a 2W Digital or 4W Digital Loop of less than 12k ft. with an
option to remove bridged tap (such a 2W Loop with bridged
-tap so removed shall be deemed to be a "2W Digital
Compatible L.oop11
);
3.1-.14.4 a 2W Digital Loop with Verfzon-placed ISDN loop extension
electronics (such a Loop with ISDN loop extension
•
electronics so placed shall be deemed to be a "2W Digital
Compatible Loop").
NT PAe Compv3.1 092820Q7f.doe

•
3.1.15 Verizon shall make Conditioned Loops available to Neutral Tandem at
the rates as set forth in the Pricing Attachment.
3.2 The following ordering procedures shall apply to xDSL Compatible Loops, Digital
Designed and Conditioned Loops:
3.2.1 Neutral Tandem shall place orders for xDSL Compatible Loops, Digital
Designed and Conditioned Loops by delivering to Verizon a valid
electronic transmittal Service Order or other mutually agreed upon type
of Service Order. Such Service Order shall be provided In accordance
with industry format and specifications or such format and
specifications as may be agreed to by the Parties.
3.2.2 In former Bell Atlantic Service Areas, Verizon is conducting a
mechanized survey of existing Loop facilities, on a Central Office by
Central Office basis, to identify those Loops that meet the applicable
technical characteristics established by Verizon for compatibility with
xDSL Compatible or BRI ISDN signals. The results of this survey will
be. stored in a mechanized database and made available to Neutral
Tandem as the process is completed in each Central Office. Neutral
Tandem must utilize this mechanized loop qualification database, ·
where available, in advance of submitting a valid electronic transmittal
Service Ot'der for an xDSL Compatible or BRl ISON Loop. Charges for
mechanized loop qualification Information are set forth in the Pricing
Attachment· In former GTE Service Areas, Verizon provides access to
mechanized xDSL loop quallflcatlon Information to help identify those
•• loops that meet applicable technical characteristics for compatibility
with xDSL Services that the CLEC may wish to offer to Its end user
Customers. Neutral Tandem must access Verizon's mechanized loop
qualification system through the use of the on-line computer interface
at www.verizon.com/wise in advance of submitting a valid electronic
transmittal Service Order for xDSL service arrangements. The loop
qualification information provided by Verizon gives Neutral Tandem the
ability to determine loop composition and loop length, and may provide
other loop characteristics, when present, that may indicate
Incompatibility with xDSL Services such as load coils or Digital Loop
Carrier. Information provided by the mechanized loop quafification
system also indicates whether loop conditioning may be necessary. It
is the responsibility of Neutral Tandem to evaluate the loop
qualification infOrmation provided by Verizon and determine whether a
loop meets Neutral Tandem requirements for xDSL Service, including
determining whether conditioning should be ordered, prior to
submitting an Order. ·
3.2.3 If the Loop is not listed in the mechanized database described in
Section 3.2.2 of this Attachment, Neutral Tandem must request a
manual loop qualification, where such qualification is available, prior to
submitting a valid electronic Service Order for an xDSL Compatible or
BRI ISDN Loop. In general, Verizon will complete a manual loop
qualification request within three (3) Business Days, although Verizon
may require additional time due .to poor record conditions, spikes In
demand, or other unforeseen events. The manual loop qualification
process is currently available in the former Bell Atlantic Service Areas
only.
.·
•
3.2.4 It a query to the mechanized loop qualification database or manual
loop quaiiflcatlon indicates that a Loop does not qualify (e.g., because
t
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 93
L---- - - - - -·-· .. - - ·· --··--- . ···- ...

•
It does not meet the applicable technical parameters set forth In the
Loop descriptions above), Neutral Tandem may request an
Engineering Query,, where availJtble, as described In Section 3.2. 7 of
"'-· this Attachment, to determine whether the result Is due to
characteristics of the loop Itself (e.g., specific number-and location of
bridged taps, -the specific number of load cons, or the gauge of the
cable). . .
3.2.5 Once a Loop has been pr&qualified, Neutral Tandem will submit a
Service Order pursuant to Section 3.2.1 of this Attachment If it wlshes
to obtain the Loop.
3.2.5.1 If the Loop is determined to ~ xDSL Compatlbkt and If the
Loop serving the $erving address ls usable and available to
be assigned as a xDSL Compatible Loop, Verizon will
initiate -standard Loop provisioning and Installation
processes, and standard Loop provisioning Intervals will
apply.
3.2.5.2 If the Loop is determined to be xOSL Compatible, but the
Loop serving the-service address is unusable or unavailable
to be assigned as an xOSL Compatible Loop, Verizon will
search the Customer's serving terminal for a SijJfable spare
facility, If an xDSL Compatible Loop is found within the
serving terminal, Verizon will perform a Line and Station
Transfer (or "pair swap") whereby the Verizon technician will
· transfer the Customer's existing service from one existing •
loop facility onto an alternate existing xDSL Compatible
Loop facility serving the same location. Verizon performs
Line and Station Transfers In accordance with lhe
procedures developed in the OSL Collaborative Jn the State
of New York. NY PSC Case OO-C-0127. Standard Intervals
do not apply when Verizon performs a Une and Station
Transfer, and addltlonal charges shall apply as set forth in
the Pricing Attachment
3.2.6 If Neutral Tandem submits a Service Order for an xDSL Compatible or
BRI ISON Loop that has not ~n prequaUfled, Verizon will query the
Service Order back to Neutral Tandem for qualification and will not
accept such Service Order until the Loop has been prequallfled on a
mechanized or manual basis. If Neutral Tandem submits a Service
Order for an xPSL Compatibre or BRI ISON t.,oop that Is, In fact. not
compatible with the requested service (e.g. ADSL, HDSL etc.) In Its
exi~ng condition, Verizon will respond back to Neu~I Tandem with a
"Notiqualiffect" Indicator and With Information showing whether the non-
quaUfled result Is due to the presence of load colls, presence of digital
loop carrier, or loop length (Including bridged tap).
3.2.7 Where Neutral Tandem has followed the prequallficatlon procedure
descnbed above and has determined that a loop is not compatible
with xDSL technologies or BRI ISDN service In Its existing condition, it
may either request an Engineering Query, where available, to
determine whether conditioning may make the Loop compatible with
the applicable service; or if Neutral Tandem Is already aware of the
condltlonlnl;I required (e.g., where Neutral Tandem has previously
•
requested a qualification and has obtained loop characteristics), •
Neutral Tandem may submit a Service Order for a Digital Designed
NT PAe compv3.1 <Hl2&2007f.doc
--·
-----------~---------------------

•
Loop. Verizon will undertake to condition or extend the Loop in
accordance with this Section 3.2 of this Attachment upon receipt of
Neutral Tandem's valid, accurate and pre-qualffied Service Order for a
Digital Designed Loop.
3.2.B The Parties will make reasonable efforts to coordinate their respective
roles in orderto minimize provisioning problems. In general, where
conditioning or loop extensions are requested by Neutral Tandem, an
interval of eighteen (18) Business Days will be required by Verizon to
complete the loop analysis and the necessary construction work
Involved in conditioning and/or extending the loop as follows:
3.2.8.1 Three (3) Business Days will be required following receiP,t of
Neutral Tandem's valld, accurate and pre-qualified Service
Order for a Digital Designed or Conditioned Loop to analyze
the loop and related plant records and to create an
Engineering Work Order.
3.2.B.2 Upon completion of an Engineering Work Order, Verizon
will Initiate the construction order to perform the
changes/modifications to the Loop requested by Neutral
Tandem. Conditioning activities are, In most cases, able to
be accomplished within fifteen {15) Business Days.
Unforeseen conditions may add to this Interval.
After the engineering and conditioning tasks have been completed, the
• standard loop provisioning and installation process wilf be initiated,
subject to Verlzon's standard provisioning intervals •
3.2.9 If Neutral Tandem requires a change in scheduling, it must contact
Verizon to issue a supplement to the original Service Order. If Neutral
Tandem cancels the request for conditioning after a loop analysis has
been completed but prior to the commencement of construction work,
Neutral Tandem shall compensate Verizon for an Engineering Work
Order charge as set forth in the Pricing Attachment. If Neutral Tandem
cancels the request for conditioning after the loop analysis has been
completed and after construction work has started or is complete,
Neutral Tandem shall compensate Verizon for an Engineering Work
Order charge as well as the charges associated with the conditioning
tasks performetl as set forth in the Pricing Attachment.
3.3 Conversion of Live Telephone Exchange Service to Analog 2W Loops.
3.3.1 The following coordination procedures shall apply to "live" cutovers of
Verizon Customers who are converting their Telephone Exchange
Services to Neutral Tandem Telephone Exchange Services
provisioned over Analog 2W unbundled Local Loops ("Analog 2W
Loops} to be provided by Verizon to Neutral Tandem:
3.3.1.1 Coordinated cutover charges shall apply to c;onversions of
live Telephone Exchange Services to Analog 2W Loops.
When an outside dispatch Is required to perform a
conversion, additional charges may apply. If Neutral
Tandem does not request a coordinated cutover, Verizon
will process Neutral Tandem's order as a new installation
•
subject to.a pplicable standard provisioning intervals. ·
NT PAa Compv3.1 09282007(.doc 95

•
3.3.1.2 Neutral Tandem shall request Analog 2W Loops for
coordinated cutover from Verlzoh by delivering to Verizon a
valid electronic Local.Service Request-(''LSR•). Verizon
agrees to .accept from Neutral Tandem the date and time for
the conversion designated on the LSR (•Scheduled
Conversion Time"), provided that such designation fs within
the regularly scheduled operating hours of the Verizon
Regional CLEC Control Center (•RCCC") and subject to the
availability of Verlzon's work force. In the event that
Verizon's work force is not available, Neutral Tandem and ·
Verizon shall mutually agree on a New Convention Time, as
defined below. Neutral Tandem shall designate the
Scheduled Conversion Time subject to Verizon standard
provisioning Intervals as stated In the Verizon CLEC
Handbook, as may be revised from time to time. Within
three (3) Business -Days of Verlzon's receipt of such valid
LSR, or as otherwise required by-the Federal Unbundllng
Rules, Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem the scheduled
due-date for conversion of the Analog ~W Loops covered by
such LSR.
3.3.1.3 Neutral Tandem shall provide dlal tone at the Neutral
Tandem collocation site at least forty-eight (48) hours prior
to the Scheduled Conversion Time.
3.3.1.4 Either Party may conta~t the other Party to negotiate a new
Scheduled Con'ler$lon Time (the ~New Conversion Tlme")j •
provided, however, ·that each Party shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to provide four.(4) business hours'
advance notice to the other Party of Its req~t for a New
. Conversion Time. Any_ Scheduled Convel'Slon Time or New
Conversion Time may not be rescheduled more than one
(1} time In a Business Day, and any two New Conversion
Times for a particular Analog 2W Loop shall differ by at
least eight (8) hours, unless otherwise agreed to by the
Parties.
3.3.1.5 lf1he New Conversion Time is more than one (1) business
-hour from the original SCheduled Conversion Time or from
the previous New Conversl<?n Time, the Party requesting
such New Conversion Time shall be subject to the following:
3.3.1.5.1. lf Verizon requests to reschedule outside of the
one (1) hour time frame above, the Analog 2W
Loops S!irvlce Order Charge for the original
Scheduled Conversion Time or the previous
New Conversion Time shall be credited upon
request from Neutral Tandem; and
3.3.1.5.2 If Neutral Tandem requests t~ reschedule
outside the one (1) hour time frame above,
Neutral Tandem shall be charged an additional
Analog 2W Loops Service Order Charge for
rescheduling the conversion to the New
Conversion Time.
•
NT PAe-Compv3. f 09282007f.doc 96
---·····-------------------------- - ------- - - - - -----------------------

•
3.3.1.6 If Neutral Tandem is not ready to accept service at the
Scheduled Conversion Time or at a New Conversion Time,
as applicable, an additional Service Order Charge shall
apply. If Verizon is not av~ilable or ready to perform the
conversion within thirty (30) minutes of the Scheduled
Conversion Time or New Conversion Time, as applicable,
Verizon and Neutral Tandem will reschedule and, upon
request from Neutral Tandem, Verizon will credit the Analog
2W Loop Service Order Charge for the original Scheduled
Conversion Time.
3.3.1. 7 The standard time interval expected from disconnection of a
live Telephone Exchange Service to the connection of the
Analog 2W Loops to Neutral Tandem ls fifteen (15) minutes
per Analog 2W Loop for all orders consisting of twenty {20)
Analog 2W Loops or less. Orders Involving more than
twenty (20) Loops will require a negotiated Interval.
3.3.1.8 Conversions involving LNP will be completed according to
North American Numbering Council (NANC) standards, via
the regional Number Portability Administration Center
{NPAC).
3.3.1.9 If Neutral Tandem requires Analog 2W Loop conversions
outside of the regularly scheduled Verizon RCCC operating
hours, such conversions shall be separately negotiated.
• Additional charges (e.g. overtime labor charges) may apply
for desired dates and times outside of regular1y scheduled
RCCC operating hours.
3.4 [Intentionally Left Blank].
3.5 FTTP Loops.
3.5.1 New Builds. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement or
any Verizon Tariff, Neutral Tandem shall not be entitled to obtain
access to a FTTP Loop, or any segment thereof, on an unbundled
basis when Verizon deploys such a Loop to the Customer premises of
an end user that has not been served by any Verizon Loop other than
a FTTPLoop.
3.5.2 Overbuilds. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement or
any Verizon Tariff, If (a) Verizon deploys an F1TP Loop to replace a
copper Loop previously used to serve a particular end user's customer
premises, and (b) Verizon retires that copper Loop and there are no
other available copper Loops or Hybrid Loops for Neutral Tandem's
provision of a voice grade service to that end user's customer
premises, then in accordance with, but only to the extent required by,
the Federal Unbundling Rules, Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem
with nondiscriminatory access on an unbundled basis to a transmission
path capable of providing DSO voice grade service to that end user's
customer premises.
3.6 Hybrid Loops.
•
3.6.1 Packet Switched Features. Functions. and Capabilities.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any Verizon
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 97
L____ _____ ______ - --. - .

•
Tariff or SGAT, Neutral Tandem shall not be entitled to obtain access
to the Packet SWitchecl features, functions, or capablllties of any Hybrid
Loop on an unbundled basis. . -
3.6.2 Broadband Services. Subject to the conditions set forth In Section 1 of
this AttaChrrient, when Neutral Tandem seeks access to a Hybrid Loop
for ·the_p rovision of "broadband services,~ as such term is defined by
the FCC, then in accordance with, but only to the extent required by,
the Federal Unbundling Rules. Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem
with unbundled access to the existing time division multiplexing
features, functions, and capabilities oft hat Hybrid Loop, Including 0$1
or 053 capacity (but only where Impairment has been found to exist,
which, for the avoidance of any doubt, does not Include Instances
where Verizon is not required to provide unbundled access to a OS1
loop or a 0$3 Loop under Section 1 of this Attachment) to establish a
complete time division multiplexing transmission path between the
main distribution. frame (or equivalent) In a Verizon End Office serving
an end user to the demarcation point at the end user's Customer
premises. This access Includes access to au features, functions, and
capablllties of the Hybrid Loop that are not used to transmit packetlzed
informatlon.
3.6.3 Narrowband Services. Subject to the conditions set forth In Sectioll' 1
of this Attachment, when Neutral Tandem seeks access to a Hybrid
Loop for the provision to Its Customer of "narrowband services, .. as
such term Is definecfby the FCC, then in accordance with, but only to
the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules, Verizon shall, In •
Its sole discretion, either (a) provide access to a spare home-run
copper Loop serving that Customer on an unbundled basis, or (b)
provide access, on an unbundled basis, to a DSO voice-grade
transmission path between the main distribution frame (or equivalent)
In the ~nd user's serving End Office and the end user's Customer
premises, aslng time division multiplexing technology.
3.6.4 IDLC Hybrid Loops and Loops Provisioned via Loop Concentrator.
Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment, If
Neutral Tandem requests, In order to provide narrowband services,
unbundling of a 2 wire analog or 4 wire analoq Loop currently
provisioned via Integrated Digital Loop Carrier {over a Hybrid Loop) or
via Remote Switching technology deployed as a Loop concentrator
Veri:z:on. shall, In accordance with but only to the extent required by the
Federal Unbundlirig Rules, provide Neutral Tandem unbundled access
to a LoOp capable of voice-grade service to the end user Customer
served by the Hybrid LOop.
3,6.4.1 Verizon will endeavor to provide Neutral Tandem with an
existing copper Loop or a Loop served by existing Universal
Digital Loop Carrier (MUOLC"). Standard recurring and non
recurring Loop charges will ~pply. In addition, a non-
-recurring charge wlll apply whenever a line and station
transfer Is performed.
3.6.4.2 If neither a copper Loop .nor a Loop served by UDLC is -.
_a vailable, Verjzon shall, upon request of Neutral Tandem,
provide unbundled access to a DSO voice-grade
transmission path between the main distribution frame (or
equivalent) In the end user's serving End Office and the end
NTP>,e Compv3.1 09282007(,doc
····-··-··-·-----------__;_~---------------------

•
user's Customer premises via such technically feasible
alternative that Verizon in its sole discretion may elect to
employ. In addition ·to the rates and charges payable In
connection with any unbundled Loop so provisioned by
Verizon, Neutral Tandem shall be responsible for any of the
following charges that apply in the event the technically
feasible option involves construction, installation, or
modification offaclllties: (a) an engineering query charge
for preparation of a price quote; (b) upon Neutral Tandem's
submission of a firm construction order, an engineering
work order nonrecurring charge; and (c} construction
charges, as set forth In the price quote. If the order is
cancelled by Neutral Tandem after construction work has
started, Neutral Tandem shall be responsible for
cancellation charges and a pro-rated charge for
construction work performed prfor to the cancellation.
3.6.4.3 Verizon may exclude its performa~ in connection with
providing unbundled loops pursuant to this Section 3.6.4
from standard provisioning intervals and performance
measures and remedies, if any, contained In the Agreement
or elsewhere.
4. Line Splitting {also referred to as "Loop Sharing")
4.1 Une Splitting is a process in which one CLEC provides narrowband voice servjce
•
over the low frequency portion of an unbundled copper Loop obtained from
Verizon (such CLEC may be referred to as the "VLEC") and a second CLEC
provides digital subscriber line service over the high frequency portion of that
same Loop (such CLEC may be referred to as the •oLEC"}. Line Splitting is
accomplished through the use of a splitter collocated at the Verizon central office
where the Loop te1TT1inates into a distribution frame or its equivalent.
4.2 Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1 of this Attachment, Neutral
Tandem may engage in Line Splitting, in accordance with this Section 4 and the
rates and charges provided for in the Pricing Attachment Verizon shall provlde
access to Une Splitting In accordance with, but only to the extent required by, the
Federal Unbundling Rules.
4.3 Any Line Splitting between Nevtral Tandem and another CLEC shall be
accomplished J>y prior negotiated arrangement between Neutral Tandem and the
other CLEC. _Neutral Tandem shall give Verizon written notice of this
arrangement through the Verizon Partner Solutions Local Service Customer
Profile Form (formerly-referred to as the Verizon Wholesale Local Service
Customer Profile Form) on the Verizon Partner Solutions website (formerly
referred to as the Verizon wholesale website), or such other. electronic notice
mechanism that Verizon may make available, at least thirty (30) days prior to
placing an order for a Line Splitting arrangement with such other CLEC. The
other CLEC must have an interconnection agreement with Verizon that permits it
to engage in Une Splitting with Neutral Tandem. The VLEC shall be responsible
for all rates and charges associated with the subject Loop as well as rates and
charges associated with the DLEC's use of the high frequency portion of the
Loop, Including, but not limited to, service order charges, provisioning and
installation charges, central 9ffice wiring, loop qualification charges, and OSS
• ~~- ~
NT PAe COmpV3.1 09282007f.doc 99
L__ _ _ ______ ___ _____ ____ _ - -·

•
4.4 In order to facilitate Neutral Tandem's engaging in Line Splitting pursuant to this
Section 4, Neutral Tandem may order for use In a Line Splitting arrangement,
those Network'Elements, Combinations, Collocation arrangements, services, ·
facilities, equipment and arrangements, appropriate for Line Splitting, that are
offered to Neutral Tandem by Verizon tµlder the other sect1or1s of this
Agreement. Sll.ch Network Elements, Combinations, Collocation arr.angements,
services, facllftles, equipment and arrangements, will be provided to Neutral
Tandem in accordance with, and subject to, the rates and charges and other
provisions.of this Agreement and Verlzon's appllcabre Tariffs, Verizon shall be
obligated to pr-0vlde Network Elements, Comblnatlons, Collocation
arrangements, services, facilities, equipment and arrangements, for Une Splitting
only to the extent required by the Fede~! UnbUndling Rules.
4.5 Neutral Tandem and/or the other participating ·cLEC shall provide any splitters
and/or Digital Subscriber Une Access Multiplexers used In a Line Splitting
arrangement.
4.6 The standard provisioning Interval for the Line Splitting arrangement shall be as
set out In the Verizon Product Interval Gulde; provided that the standard
provisioning Interval for a Line Splitting arrangement shall not exceed the
shortest of the following Intervals: (1) the standard provisioning Interval for a Une
Splitting arrangement if stated In an applicable Verizon Tariff; or, (2) the standard
provtslonlng Interval for a Une Splitting arrangement, If any, established In
accordance with the Federal Unbundling Rules. The standard P.f'OVlsioning
lnteNal for a Une Splitting arrangement shall commence only after any required
engineering and conditioning tasks have been completed. The standard
pcovisloning Interval shall not apply where a Une and Station Transfer is •
performed.
4. 7 Verizon shall not be liable for any claims~ damages, ,penalties, llablllties or the
like of any kind for disruptions to either Neutral Tandem's or1he other CLEC's
respective voice or data services over a Une Splitting arrangement.
5. [This SectJon Intentionally Le~ Blank]
6. Sub-Loop
Subject to the conditions set-forth in Section 1 of this Attacllment and upon request by
Neutral Tandem, Verizon shall allow Neutral Tandem to aeCess Sub-Loops unbundled
from local switching and transport. In accordance. with the terms of this Section 6 and the
rates and char;ges setforthJn itte Pricing Attachment Ve$on sh81r allow Neutral
Tandem access to Sub-Loops In accordftnce with. but only tQ the extent required by, the
Federal Unbundling Rules. The avaUable Sub-Loop types are as set forth below.
6.1 Unbundled Sub-Loop Arrangement-Distribution (USLA).
Subject to the conditions set forth fn Section 1 of this Atta~ment and upon
request by Neutral Tandem, Verizon shall provide Neutral TaAdem with access to
a Sub-Loop Ofstrlbution Facility in accordance With, and subject to, the terms and
provisions of this Section 6.1, the rates set forth in the Pricing Attachment, and
the rates, terms and conditions set forth in Verlzon's applicable Tariffs. Venzon
shall provide Neutral Tandem with access to a SutH.oop ~lstributlon Facility In
accordance with, but only to the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling
Rules.
•
6.1.1 Neutral Tandem may request that Verizon reacPvate (If available} an
1,mused drop-and NID or provide Neatral Tandem with access to a drop
NTPAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doe 100
-··--------- - - --..:....------ --------------

•
and NID that, at the time of Neutral Tandem's request, Verizon is using
to provide service to the Customer (as such term is hereinafter
defined).
6.1.2 Upon site-specific request, Neutral Tandem may obtain access to the
Sub-1,.oop Distribution Facility at a technically feasible access point
located near a Verizon remote terminal equipment enclosure at the
rates and charges provided for In the Pricing Attachment It is not
technically feasible to access the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility if a
technician must access the facility by removing a splice case to reach
the wiring within the cable. Neutral Tandem may obtain access to a
Sub-loop Distribution Facility .through any method required by the
Federal Unbundling Rules, in addition to existing methods such as
from a Telecommunications outside plant interconnection cabinet
(TOPIC) or. if Neutral Tandem Is collocated at a remote terminal
equipment enclosure and the FOi for such Sub-Loop Dlstrfbutlon
Facility is located in such enclosure, from the collocation arrangement
of Neutral Tandem at such terminal. If Neutral Tandem obtains access
to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility from a TOPIC, Neutral Tandem shall
install a TOPIC on an easement or Right of Way obtained by Neutral
Tandem wllhin 100 feet of the Verizon FOi fo which such Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility is connected. A TOPIC must comply with
applicable industry standards. Subject to the tenns of applicable
Verizon easements, Verizon shall furnish and place an interconnecting
cable between a Verizon FOi and a Neutral Tandem TOPIC and
Verizon shall install a termination block within such TOPIC. Verizon
•
shall retain title to and maintain the interconnecting cable. Verizon
shall not be responsible for building, maintaining or servicing the
TOPIC and shall not provide any power that might be required by
Neutral Tandem for any of Neutral Tandem's electronics In the TOPIC.
Neutral Tandem shall provide any easement, Right of Way or trenching
or supporting structure required for any portion of an interconnecting
cable that runs beyond a Verizon easement
6.1.3 Neutral Tandem may request from Verizon by submitting a loop make
·up engineering query to Verizon, and Verizon shall provide to Neutral
Tandem, the following information regarding a Sub-Loop Distribution
Facility that serves an identified Customer: the Sub-Loop Distribution
Facility's length and gauge; whether the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility
has loadjng and bridg~i:J tap; the amount of bridged tap (if any) on the
Sub-Loop Dlstrlbutlori ~aclllty; and, the lbcatlon of the FOi to which the
Sui):Loop Distribution FaciHty Is connected.
6.1.4 To order access to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facllity from a TOPIC,
Neutral Tandem must first request that Verizon connect the Verizon
FOi to which the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility is connected to a
Neutral Tandem TOPIC. To make such a request, Neutral Tandem
must submit to Verizon an application (a ·sub-Loop Distribution Facility
Interconnection Appllcatlof'.l") that identifies the FOi at which Neutn;il
Tandem wishes to access the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility. A Sub
Loop Distribution Facility Interconnection Application shall state the
location of the TOPIC, the size of the interconnecting cable and a
descrip~on of the cable's supporting structure. A Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility Interconnection Application shall also Include a
• five-year forecast of Neut(al Tandem's ·demand for access to Sub-Loop
· Distribution Facilities at the requested FOi. Neutral Tandem must
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 101

•
submit the application fee set forth in the Pricing Attachment attached
hereto lllnd Verizon's applicable Tariffs (a ~Sub-Loop Distribution
Facility Application Fee") with Sub-Loop Distribution Facility
lnterconneqion Application. Neutral Tandem must submit Sub-Loop.
Interconnection Applications to: ·
Collocatlon Applications
.Verizon
Room503
185 Franklin Street
Boston, MA 0211 O
E-Mall: collocatlon.appllcatfons@Verizon.com
6.1.5 Within sixty (60) days after It receives a complete Sub-Loop
Distribution Faclllty Interconnection Application for acoess to a Sl.Jb..
Loop Distribution Facility and the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility
Application Fee for such application, Verizon shall provide to Neutral
Tandem a work order that desaibes the work that Verizon must
perform to provide such access (a •sub-Loop Distribution Facility Work
Order") and a statement of the cost of such work (a "Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility Interconnection Cost Statement").
6.1.6 Neutral Tandem shall pay to Verizon fifty percent (50%) of the cost set
forth In a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility Interconnection Cost Statement
wlthln sixty (60) days of Neutral Tandem's receipt of such statement
and the associated SUb-Loop Distr.tbution Faciffty Work Order, and •
Verizon shall not be obligated to perform any of the work set forth In
such order until Verizon has received such.payment. A Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility Interconnection Application shall be deemed to
have been withdrawn If Neutral Tandem breaches Its payment
obligation under this Section. Upon Verizon 's completion of the work
that Verizon must perform to provide Neutral Tandem wtth access to a
Sub-Loop Distribution Facility, Verizon shall blll Neutral Tandem, and
Neutral Tandem shall pay to Verizon, 1he balance of the cost set forth
in the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility Interconnection Cost Statement for
such access.
6. 'f~7 After Verizon has completed the Installation of the Interconnecting
cable to a Neutral Tandem TOPIC and Nevtral Tandem has paid the
full east of such tns.tall&tlon, Neutrar Tandem can request the
connection of Verizon Sub-Loop Distribution Factlities to the Neutral
Tandem TOPIC. At the same time, Neutral Tandem shaft advise
Verizon of the services that Neutral Tandem plans to provide over the
Sub-Loop Distribution Facility, request any c6ndltlonlng of 1he Sub
Loop Distribution Facility and assign the pairs In the Interconnecting
cable. Neutral Tandem shall run any crosswlres within the TOPIC.
6.1.8 If Neutral Tandem requests that Verizon reactivate an unused drop
and NIO, then Neutral Tandem shall provide dial tone (or Its DSL
equivalent) on the Neutral Tandem side of the applleable Verizon FOi
at least twenty-four (24} hours before the due date. On the due date, a
Verizon technician will run the appropriate cross connection to connect
the Verizon Sub-Loop Olstribution Facility to the Neutral Tandem dial
tone or equivalent from the TOPIC. If Neutral Tandem requests that •
Verizon provide Neutral Tandem with access to a Sub-Loop ·
NT P~ CQmpv3.1 09282001f.doe 102

•
Distribution Facility that, at the time of Neutral Tandem's request,
Verizon is using to provide service to a Customer, then, after Neutral
Tandem has looped two lntercennecting pairs through the TOPIC and
at least twenty four (24) hours before the due date, a Verizon
technician shall crosswire the dial tone from the Verizon central office
through the Verizon side_ of the TOPIC and back out again to the
Verizon FOi and Verizon Sub-Loop Distribution Facility using the "loop
through• approach. On the due date, Neutral Tandem shall disconnect
Verlzon's dial tone, crosswire Its dial tone to the Sub-Loop Distribution
Facilfty and submit Neutral Tandem:s LNP request
6.1.9 Verizon will not provide access to a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility If
Verizon is using the loop of which the Sub-Loop Distribution Facility is
a part to provide line sharing service to another CLEC or a service that
uses derived channel technology to a Customer unless such other
CLEC first terminates the Verizon-provided line sharing or such
Customer first disconnects the service that utilizes derived channel
technology.
6.1.10 Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem with access to a Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility In accordance with negotiated intervals
6.1.11 Verizon shall repair and maintain a Sub-Loop Distribution Facility al the
request of Neutral Tandem and subject to the time and material rates
set forth In Pricing Attachment and the rates, terms and conditions of
Verizon's applicable Tariffs. Neutral Tandem accepts responsibility for
•
initial trouble isolation for Sub-Loop Distribution Facilities and providing
Verizon with appropriate dispatch information based on Its test results .
If (a) Neutral Tandem reports to Verizon a Customer trouble, (b)
Neutral Ta!1dem requests a dispatch, (c) Verizon dispatches a
technician, and (d) such trouble was not caused by Verizon Sub-Loop
Distribution Facility facilities or equipment in whole or in part, Neutral
Tandem shall pay Verizon the charges set forth in the Pricing
Attachment and Verizon's applicable Tariffs for time associated with
said dispatch. In addition, these charges also apply when the
Customer contact as designated by Neutral Tandem is not available at
the appointed time. If as the result of Neutral Tandem instructions,
Verizon Is erroneously requested to dispatch to a site on Verizon
company premises {"dispatch in"), the charges set forth in Pricing
Attachment and Verizon's applicable Tariffs will be assessed per
occurrence to Neutral Tandem by Verizon. If as the result of Neutral
Tandem lriStructions, Verizon is erroneously requested to dispatch to a
site outside of Verizon company premises ("dispatch out"), the charges
set forth In Pricing Attachment and Verizon's applicable Tariffs will be
assessed per occurrence to Neutral Tandem by Verizon.
6.2 [Intentionally Left Blank].
6.3 Collocation in Remote Terminals.
To the extent required by Applicable Law, Verizon shall allow Neutral Tandem to
collocate equipment in a Verizon remote terminal equipment enclosure in
accordance with, and subject to, the rates, terms and conditions set forth in the
Collocation Attachment and the Pricing Attachment
•
7. Sub-Loop for Multiunit T~~ant Premises Access
l NT PAe Compv3.1 092B2007f.doc 103
L ________ _

•
[Intentionally Left Blank]:
8. Dark Fiber Tranaport and Tranaitional Provision of Embedd~ Dark Fiber Loops
8.1 Subject to the CC)Jlditlons set forth In Section 1 of this Attachment and upon
request by Neutral Tandem, Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem with access to
unbundled Dark Fiber Transport in accordance with, and subject to, the rates,
tenns and conditions provided In the Pricing Attachment and rates, terms and
conditions of Vertzon's applicable Tariffs. Verizon shall not be required to
provide, and Neutral Tandem shall not request or obtain, unbundled access to
any dark fiber·facillty that does not meet the definition of Dark Fiber Transport
(except to the extent Verizon Is required to provide Neutral Tandem with
unbundled access to Neutral Tandem's embedded base of Dark Fiber Loops
8.a
under Section below). -For the avoidance of any doubt, notwithstanding any
other provis!Qn of this Agreement, a Verizon Tariff, or otherwise, Verizon shall not
be required to provide, and Neutral Tandem shall not request or obtain, Dark
Fiber Transport that does not connect a pair of Verizon UNE Wire Centers.
~ccess to unbundled Dark Fiber Transport wftl be provided by Verizon only
where existing facilities are available except as provided In Section 17 below.
Access to Dark Fiber Transport will be provided In accordance with, but only to
the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules. Dark Fiber Transport
consists of Venzon.o ptical transmisSion facilities Without attached multiplexers,
aggregation or other electronics. To the extent Verizon's Dark Fiber Transpcsrt
confalns any llghtwave repeaters (e.g., regenerators or optical amplifiers)
installed thereon, Verizon shall not remove the .same. Except as otherwise
required by the Federal Unbundling Rules, the following tenns and conditions
•
apply to Vertzon's Dark Fiber Tnmsport offerings._
8.2 In addition to the other tenns and conditions oft his Agreement, the following
terms and condltfons shall apply to Dark Fiber Transport:
8.2.1 [Intentionally Left Blank].
8.2.2 Neutral Tandem ·may access Dark Fiber-Transport only at a pre
existing Verizon accessible -terminal of such.D ark Fiber Transport, and
Neutral Tandem may not access Dark Fiber Transport at any other
point, Including, but not limited to, a splice· point or case. Dark Fiber
Transport is not available to Neutral Tandem unless such Dark
Transport Is already tennlnated on an existing Verizon aocesslble
ter:millSI. Unused fibers located In a cable vault or a controlled
environment vault, manhole or other location outside the Verizon UNE
Wlre.Cef:tter, and not termlnated to a fiber patch panel, are not
available to Neutral Tandem.
8.2.3 Except If and, to the extent required by, the Federal Unbundling Rules
and Section 17 below, Verizon will not perform splicing (e.g., Introduce
additional splice points or open existing splice points or cases) to
accommodate Neutral Tandem's requ~st.
8.2.4 Verizon shall perform au work necessary to Install a cross connect or a
fiber jumper from a Verizon accessible terminal to a Neutral Tandem
collocation arrangement -
8.2.5 A •oark Fiber Inquiry Form• must be submitted prior to submitting an
ASR. Upon receipt of Neutral Tandem>s completed Dark Fiber Inquiry
•
Form; Verizon will Initiate a revlew of Its cable recards to determine
whether park Fiber Transport may bQ available between the locations
~ PAe Cornpv3.1 09282.007f.doc 104