•
43.1 This Agreement applies to the territory in which Verizon operates as an
Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Verizon shall be obligated to provide Services under this Agreement only within
this territory. ·
43.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Verizon may terminate
this Agreement as to a specific operating territory or portion thereof If Verizon
sel_ls or otherwise transfers Its operations fn such territory or portion thereof to a
third-person. Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem with at least 90 calendar
days prior written notice of such termination, which shall be effective upon the
date specified in the notice.
44. Third Party Beneficiaries
Except as expr13ssly set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of
the Parties and their pennitted assigns, and nothing herein shall create or be construed
to provide any third-persons (including, but not limited to, Customers or contractors of a
Party} with any rights (including, but not limited to, any third-party beneficiary rights)
hereunder. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, a Party shall have no liability
under this Agreement to the Customers of the other Party or to any other third person.
45. [This Section Intentionally Left Blank]
46. 252(1) Obligations
To the extent required by Applicable Law, each Party shall comply with Section 252(i) of
• the Act To the extent that the exercise by Neutral Tandem of any rights It may have
under Section 252(i) results in the rearrangeme11t of Services by Verizon, Neutral
Tandem shall be solely liable for all costs associated therewith, as well as for any
termination ch~rges associated with the termination of existing Verizon Services.
47. Use of Service
Each Party shall make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its Customers
comply with the provisions of this Agreement (including, but not limited to the provisions -I
of applicable Tariffs) applicable to the use of Services purchased by it under this
Agreement.
48. Waiver
A failure or delay of either Party to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement, or
any right or remedy available under this Agreement or at law or in equity, or to require
performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement, or to exercise any option which is
provided under this Agreement, shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such
provisions, rights, remedies or options.
49. Warranties
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES
OR RECEIVES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE
SERVICES PROVIDED, OR TO BE PROVIDED, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FORA
PARTICULAR PURPOSE WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, AND
WARRANTIES ARISING BY TRADE CUSTOM, TRADE USAGE, COURSE OF
• DEALING OR PERFORMANCE, OR OTHERWISE.
50 • Withdrawal of Services ·
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 25
- - --- ----- ---- - ·----··- - . -
-

•
50.1 Notwithstanding anything contained jn this Agreement, except as otherwise
. required by Applicable Law, Verizon may terminate its offering and/or provision of
. any Service under this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to
Neutral Tandem. · .
50.2 Notwithstanding anything contained In this Agreement, except as otherwise
required .by Applicable Law, Verizon may with thirty (30) days prior written notice
to Neutral Tandem terminate any provision of this Agreement that provides for
the payment by Verizon to Neutral Tandem of compensation related to traffic,
including, but not limited to. Reclpr:ocal Compensation and other types of
compensation for termination of traffic delivered byVerizon to Neutral Tandem.
Following sach termination, except as otherwise agreed In writing by the Parties,
Verizon shall b~ obligated to provide compensation to Neutral Tandem related to
traffic only to the extent required by Applicable Law. If Verizon exercises its right
of termlnatron under this Section, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith
appropriate substitute provisions for compensation related to traffic; provided,
however, that except as otherwise voluntarily agreed ·by Verizon In writing in its
~e discretion, Verizon shall be obligated to provide compensation to Neutral
Tandem related to traffic only to the extent required by Applicable Law. If within
thfrty (30) days after Verizon's notice of tennination the Partle.s are unable to
a9fee in writing upon mutually acceptable substitute provisions for compensation
related to traffic, either Party may submit their disagreement to dispute resolution
In accordance with Section 14 of this Agreement.
•
•
.·
·NT PAe·Compv3.10 0282007f.doc
··-------·-··-----------------------------------

•
SIGNATURE PAGE
lN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of
the Effective Date.
NEUTRAL TANDEM -PENNSYLVANIA, LLC VERIZON PENNSYLVANIA INC.
By;__)>_.. _ , ~~~---.....;--- av:~C..h~L-
Printed: David Tatak Printed: Jeffrey A Masoner
Title: VP Billing and Revenue Services Title: Vice President -Interconnection Services
_I o _/_9_/_6! _ _____- ,.--_
Date: Date:
l t
•
•
.·
NT PAe Compv3 1 09282007f.doc 27

-.
GLOSSARY
1. General Rule
1.1- The provisions ·Of ·sections 1'.2 through 1.4 and Section 2 apply with regard to the
Principal Document. Terms used in a Tariff shall have the meanings stated In
the Tf,lriff.
1.2 Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, When a term listed in this Glossary
Is used In the Principl:tl Document, the tenn Shall have the meaning stated In this
Glossary. A defined term intended to convey the meaning stated in this Glossary
is capitalized when used. Other terms that are capitalized, and not defined in this
Glossary or elsewhere In the Principal Document, shall have the meaning stated
In the Act Additior:ial definitions that are specific to the matters covered In a
particular provlslon of the Principal Document may appear In that provision. To
the extent that there may be any conflict between a definition set forth In this
Glossary end any definition in a specific provision, the definition set forth in the
specific provision. shall control with respectfo that-provision.
1.3 Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, any term defined in this Glossary
which Is defined or used In the singular shall Include the plural. and any term
defined In this Glossary which is defined or used In the plural shall Include the~
singular.
1.4 The words •shall" and "will" are used Interchangeably throughout the Principal
•
Document and the use of either indicates a mandatory requirement The use of
one or the other shall not confer a different degree of right or obligation for either
Party.
2. Definitions
2.'f Act
The Communications Act of 1-934 (47 U.S.C. §151 et seq.), as from time to time
amended {including, but not Umlted to, by the Telecommunications Act of 1996}.
2.2 Advanced Services.
As a general matter, shall have the meaning set forth by the FCC.
2.a
Affiliate.
Shall bave the meaning set torth In the Act.
2.4 Agent.
An agent or servaAt.
2.5 Agreement.
This Agreement, as defined in Section 1 of the General Terms and Conditions.
2.6 AU (Automatic Location ldentificatlon) Database.
•
The emergency services (E~911) database controlled by Verizon containing ,,
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007.f.doc 28
·-----------------· - - -
----------------~------------------

•
caller address/location information including the carrier name, National
Emergency Numbering Administration ("NENA") ID, Call Back Number, and other
carrier information used to process caller location records.
2.7 Ancillary Traffic.
All traffic that is destined for ancillary services, or that may have special billing
requirements, including but not limited to the following: directory assistance,
911/E-911, operator services (lntraLATA call completion), lntraLATA third party,
collect and calling card, 800/888 database query and LIDS.
2.8 ANI (Automatic Number Identification).
The signaling parameter that refers to the number transmitted through the
network identifying the billing number of the calling party.
2.9 Applicable Law.
All effective laws, government regulations and government orders, applicable to
each Party's performance of its obligations under this Agreement. For the
avoidance of any doubt, when used in relation to unbundled Network Elements or
Combinations of unbundled N~twork Elements, the term "Applicable Law" means
the Federal Unbundling Rules.
2.10 ASR (Access Service Request).
• An industry standard fonn, which contains data elements and usage rules used
by the Parties to add, establish, change or disconnect services or trunks for the
purposes of Interconnection.
2.11 ATIS.
The Alliance for Telecommunications Industry Solutions.
2.12 BFR (Bona Fide Request).
The process descn'bed in the Network Element Attachment that prescribes the
terms and conditions relating to a Party's request that the other Party provide a
UNE that it is not otherwise required to provide under the tenns of this
Agreement.
2.13 Business Day.
Monday through Friday, except for holidays observed by Verizon.
2.14 Calendar Quarter.
January through March, April through June, July through September, or October
through December.
2.15 Calendar Year.
January through December.
• .2 .16 [Intentionally Left Blank].
2.17 Call BackNumber,
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doe 29

•
A telephone numb.er that can be used by the ~SAP to re-contact the location
from which a 911 /E-911 Call was placed. The telephon~ number may or may not
be the telephone number of the station used to originate the 911 IE-911 Call .
. 2.18 CCS (Common Channel Signaling).
A method of transmitting call set""-lp and network control data over a digital
signaling network separate fr0m the pubUc sWitched telephone network facilities
that carry the actual voice or data content of the call.
2.19 Central Office.
An End Office or Tandem. Sometimes this tenn is used to refer to a telephone
company building In which switching systems and telephone equipment are
installed.
2.20 [Intentionally Left Blank].
2.21 Claims.
Any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, settlements, judgments, fines,
penalties, liabilities, Injuries, damages, losses, costs (Including, but not limited to,
court costs). and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney's
fees).
2.22 CLEC (Competitive Local Exchange carrier).
•
Any .Local Exchange carrier other than Verizon that is operating as a Local
·Exchange Carrier In the territory In which Verizon operates as an ILEC in the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Neutral Tandem Is or shortly will become a
CLEC.
2.23 CLLI Codes.
Common Language Location Identifier Codes.
2.24 CMOS (Centralized Message Distribution System).
The billing record and clearing house transport system that LECs use to
exchange out collects and In collects as well as Carrier Access Billing System
(CABS) records.
2.25 Commission.
Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission.
2.26 Controlling 911 Authority.
The duly authorized state, county or local government agency empowered by law
to oversee the 911/E~911 services, operations and systems within a defined
jurisdiction.
2.27 CPN (Calling Party Number).
··,
A CCS parameter that ldent~es the calling party's telephone number.
2.28 CPNI (Customer ~roprietary Network Information).
NT PAeCompv3.1 09282007f.doc 30

•
Shall have the meaning set forth In Section 222 of the Act, 47 U.S.C. § 222.
2.29 Cross Connection.
For a collocation arrangement, the faclllties between the collocating Party's
equipment and the equipment or facilities of the housing Party (such as the
housing Party's digital signal cross connect, Main Distribution Frame, or other
suitable frame or panel).
f
2.30 Customer.
A third party residence or business end-user subscriber to Telephone Exchange
Services provided by either of the Parties.
2.31 Dark Fiber Loop.
Consists of fiber optic strand(s) in a Verizon fiber optic cable between Verizon's
accessible terminal, such as the fiber disbibution frame, or its functional
equivalent, located within a Verizon End Office, and Verizon's accessible
terminal located in Verizon's main termination point at a Customer premises,
such as a fiber patch panel, and that Verizon has not activated through
connection to electronics that "light" it and render It capable of canying
Telecommunications Services.
2.32 Dark Fiber Transport.
• An optical transmission facility, within a LATA , that Verizon has not activated by
attaching multiplexing, aggregation or other electronics, between Verizon
switches (as identified in the LERG) or UNE Wire Centers.
2.33 Dedicated Transport.
A DSO-, DS1-, or DS3-capacity transmission facility between Verizon switches
(as identified in the LERG) or UNE Wire Centers, within a LATA, that is dedicated
to a particular end user or carrier. Dedicat~ Transport is sometimes referred to
as dedicated interoffice facilities ("IOF"). Dedicated Transport does nQt include
any facllfty that does not eonnect a pair of Verizon UNE Wire Centers.
2.34 Default PSAP.
The PSAP designated by the Controlling 911 Authority to recei\le a 911/E-911
Call when it is not feasible to route that911/E-911 Call to the Designated PSAP.
2.35 Designated PSAP.
The primary PSAP designated by the Controlling 911 Authority to receive a
911/E~911 Call based upon the geographic location of the end user.
2.36 Digital Signal Level.
One of several transmission rates in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2.37 Discontinued Facility.
Any facility, element, arrangement or the like that the Federal Unbundling Rules
•
do not require Verizon to provide on an unbundled basis to Neutral Tandem, •
whether because the facfllty was never subject to an unbundling requirement
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 31
J
~-----~----·-- - . ···~·

•
under the Federal Unbundling Rules, because the facility by operation of law has
ceased or ceases to be subject to an unbundling req_uSrement under the Federal
Unbuadling Rules, or otherwise.
--
2.~8 DSO (Digital Signal Level 0).
The 64kbps zero-lever·s ignal in the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
.2 .39 DS1 (Digital Signal Level 1).
The 1.544 Mbps first~evel signal In the time-division multiplex hierarchy.
2.40 OS1 Dedicated Transport
Dedicated Transport having a total digital signal speed of 1.544-Mbps.
2.41 DS3 (Digital Signal Level 3).
The 44.736 Mbps thfrd..fevel signal in the time-division multlplex hierarchy.
2.42 DS3 Oedlcated Transport.
Dedicated Transporthavlng a total digital signal speed of 44.736 Mbps.
2.43 DS3loop.
A digital transmission channel, between the main distribution frame (or Its
•
equivalent) In an end user's serving UNE Wire Center and the demarcation point -
at the end user customer's premises, suitable for the transport of Isochronous
btpolar serial data at a rate of 44.736 Mbps (the equivalent of 28 0$1 channels).
This Loop type Is more fully described in Verizon TR 72575, as revised from time
to time. A 053 Loop requires the electronics necessary to provide the ·os3
transmission rate.
2.44 EMI {Exchange Message Interface).
Standard used for the interexch.ange of telecommunications message Information
between local exchange carriers and lnterexchange carriers for billable, non-
billable, sample, settlement and study data. Data ls provided between
companies via a unlque record layout that contains customer bllling information,
account summary and tracking analysis. EMI format is contained in document
SR-320 published by AT IS. ,
2.45 End Office.
A switching entity that is used for connecting lines to lines or lines to trunks for
the purpose of originating/terminating calls. Sometimes this term is used to refer
to a telephone company buUding in which switching systems and telephone
equipment are installed •
._
2.46 [Intentionally Left Blank).
-- 2.47 Exchan99 Access.
_, . Shall have the me"nlng set forth in the Act
•
.2.48 Extended Local Calling Scope Arrangement.
NT PAe Gompv3,1 09282007f.doc 32
. -- ··--··----------~-----------------

•
An arrangement that provides a Customer a local calling scope (Extended Area
Service, "EAS"), outside of the Customer's basic exchange serving area.
Extended Local Calling Scope Arrangements may be either optional or non
optional. ·optional Extended Local Calling Scope Arrangement Traffic• is traffic
that under an optional Extended Local Calling Scope Arrangement chosen by the
Customer terminates outside of the Customer's basic exchange serving area.
2.49 FCC.
The Fe~eral Communications Commission.
2.50 FCC Internet Order.
Order on Remand and Report and Order, In the Matter ofI mplementation oft he
Local Competition Provisions in the Telecommunications Act of 1996, Jntercarrier
Compensation for ISP Bound Traffic, FCC 01-131, CC Docket Nos. 96-98 and
99-68, (adopted April 18, 2001 }.
2.51 FCC Regulations.
The unstayed, effective regulations promulgated by the FCC, as amended from
time to time.
2.52 Federal Unbundling Rules.
Any lawful requirement to provide access to unbundled Network Elements or
• Combinations of unbundled Network Elements that is Imposed upon Verizon by
the FCC pursuant to both 47 U.S.C. § 251(c)(3) and 47 C.F.R. Part 51. Any
reference in this Agreement to "Federal Unbundling Rules" shall not Include an
unbundling requirement If the unbundling requirement does not exist under both
47 U.S.C. § 251(c}{3) and 47 C.F.R Part 51.
2.53 Feeder.
The fiber optic cable (lit or unlit) or metallic portion of a Loop between a serving
End Office and a remote terminal or feeder/distribution interface.
2.54 FNID (Fiber Network Interface Device).
A passive fiber optic demarcation unit designed for the interconnection and
demarcation of optical fibers between two separate network providers.
2.55 FTTP Loop.
A Loop consisting entirely of fiber optic cable, whether dark or lit, that extends
from the main distribution frame (or its equivalent) in an end user's serving End
Office to the demarcation point at the end user's customer premises or to a
serving area interface at which the fiber optic cable connects to copper ot coaxial
distribution faclllties that extend to the end user's customer premises
demarcation point, provided that all copper or coaxial· distribution facilities
extending from such serving area interface are not more than 500 feet from the
demarcation point at the respective end users' customer premises; provided,
however, that In the case of predominantly residential multiple dwelling units
(MDUs), an FTTP Loop Is a Loop consisting entirely of fiber optic cable, whether
• dark or lit, that extends from the main distribution frame (or Its equivalent) in the
End Office that serves the multiunit premises: (a) to or beyond the multiur.1it
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 33
I
J

-·
premises' minimum point of entry (MPOE·), as defined in 47 C.F.R. § 68.105; or
(b) to a serving area Interface at which the fiber optic cable connects to,.copper or
coaxial distribution facilities that extend to or beyond the multiunit premises'
MPOE, provided that ~II copper or coaxfal distribution faclllties extending from
such serving area Interface are not more than 500 feet from ihe MPOE at the
multlunlt premises.
2.56 House and Riser Cable.
A two-wire metallic distribution facility in Verizon's network between the minimum
. point of entry for a building where a premises of a Customer fs located (such a
point, an "MPOE") and the Rate OemarcaUon Point for such raclllty (or NID) If the
NID is located at such Rate Demarcation Point).
2.57 Hybrid loop.
A Loop composed of both fiber optie cable and copper Wire or cable. An FTTP
-Loop is not a Hybrid loop.
2.58 . IDLC (Integrated Digital ·Loop Carrier).
A subscriber loop carrier system ihat integrates wiihin the switch at a OS1 level,
which Is twenty-four (24} Loop transmission paths combined into a 1.544 Mbps
digital signal.
2.59 ILEC (Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier).
•
Shall have the meaning stated In the Act.
2.60 . Information Access.
The provision of specialized exchange telecommunications ·services In
connection with the origination, termination, transmission, switching, forwarding
or routing of telecommunications traffic to or from the facilities of a provider of
Information services, Including a provider of Internet access or Internet
transmission serv~.
2.61 Inside Wire or Inside Wiring.
All wire, cable, terminals, hardware, and other equipment or materials, on the
Customer's side of the Rate Demarcation Point
2.62 Interconnection Wire Center.
·A bulldfng or _portion thereof which serves as the premises for one or mor.e End
Offices, Tandems and related facilities.
2.6$ Internet Traffic.
Any traffic 1hat is transmitted to or returned from the Internet at any point during
the duration of the tran$1Tllsslon •
2.64 .h iterLATA Service.
Shall have the meaning_ set forth In the Act.
•
.
2.65 lntraLATA.
..
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 34

• Telecommunications that originate and terminate within the same LATA.
2.66 pntentionally Left Blank].
2.67 ISDN (Integrated Services Digital Network).
A switched network service providing encHo-end digital connectivity for the
simultaneous transmission of voice and data. Basic Rate lnterface-ISDN {BRl
ISDN) provides for digital transmission of two (2) 64 kbps bearer channels and
one (1) 16 kbps data and signaling channel (2B+D). Primary Rate lnterface
ISDN (PRl-ISDN) provides for digital transmission of twenty-three (23) 64 kbps
bearer channels and one (1) 64 kbps data and signaling channel (238+0).
2.68 IXC (lnterexchange Carrier).
A Telecommunications Carrier that provides. directly or indirectly, lnterLATA or
lntraLATA Telephone Toll Services.
2.69 LATA (Local Access and Transport Area).
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act
2. 70 LEC (Local Exchange Carrier).
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act
• 2.71 LERG (Local Exchange Routing Guide).
A Telcordia Technologies reference containing NPA/NXX routing and homing
information.
2.72 LIDB (Line Information Data Base).
Line Information databases which provide, among other things, calling card
validation functionality for telephone line number cards issued by Verizon and
other entities and validation data for collect and third number-billed calls (e.g.,
data for billed number screening).
2.73 '[Intentionally Left Blank].
2. 7 4 Line Side.
An End Office connection that provides transmission, switching and optional
features suitable for Customer connection to the public switched network,
including loop start supervision, ground start supervision and signaling for BRl
ISDN service.
2.75 Loop.
A transmission path that extends from a Main Distribution Frame or functionally
comparable piece of equipment in a Customer's serving End Office, to the Rate
Demarcation Point (or NID if installed at the Rate Demarcation Point) in or at the
Customer's premises. The actual transmission facilities used to provide a Loop
may utilize any of several technologies.
•
2.76 LSR (Local Service Request). .·
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 35

•
An industry standard form, which contains data elements and usage rules, used
by the Parties to establish, add, change or disconnect resold
Telecommunications Services and Network Elements.
2.77 Maintenance Control Office.
-Elth_er Party's center ;esponslble for control of the maintenance and repair of a
·circuit.
2.78 MDF (Main Distribution Frame).
The primQry polnt at which outside plant facilities tennlnate within an-
Interconnection Wire Center, for Interconnection to other Telecommunications
.· facilities within the Interconnection Wire Center. The distribution frame used to
interconnect cable pairs and line trunk equipment terminating on a swttchlng
system. ·
..
2.79 Measured lntemet Traffic.
Dial-up, switched Internet Traffic originated by a Customer of one Party on that
Party's network at a point In a Verizon local calling area, and-dellvered to a
Customer or an Internet Service Provider served by the other Party, on that other
Party's network at a point In the same Verizon local calling area. Verizon local
calling areas shall be as defined by Verizon. ·for the purposes of this definitiOFt, a
Verizon local calling area Includes a Verizon non-optlon~I Extended Local Calling
Scope Arrangement, but does not lnclu_de a Verizon optional Extended Local
·Calling Scope Arrangement Calls originated -Oh a .1+ presubscrlptlon basis, or
•
on a casual dialed (10XXX/101XXXX).basis, are not considered Measured
Internet Traffic• . For the avoidance of any doubt, Virtual Foreign Exchange Traffic
(I.e., V/FX Traffic) (as.d efined In the Interconnection Attachment) does not
constitute Measur.ed Internet Traffic.
2.80 MECAB-(Multlple Exchange carrier Access Biiling}.
A document prepared by the Billing Committee of the Ordering and BIRing Forum
(OBF), which functions under the auspices of the Carrier Ualson Committee
(CLC) of ATIS. The MECAB document. published by ATIS as "ATIS/OBF-
MECAB", a~ re.vised from time to time, contains the recommended guidelines for
the billing of an Exchange Access Service provided by two or more LECs, or by
one LEC In two or more states, within a single LAT A. ·
2:a1 ~ECOD (Multlp,le Exchaf'!ge Carriers Ordering and Design Guidelines for Access
Serviees -lnctustry Support Interface).
· A document developed by the Ordering/Provisioning Committee under the
a1..1spices of the Ordering and Billing Forum (OBF}, which functions under the
l; auspices of the camer Liaison Committee (CLO) of AT IS. The MECOD
document, published by ATIS as •ATIS/OBF-MECOO", as revised from time to
time, establishes methods fer processing orders for Exchange Access Service
that Is to be provided .by two er more LECs.
2.82 Ontentionally Left Blan.k].
2.83 MobRe -Wireless seivl~.
Arty mobile wireless Telecommunications Servlce, including any commercial •
mobRe radio service.
.NT PAe Compv3.t ~282007f.doc 36

2.84 NANP (North American Numbering Plan).
The system of telephone numbering employed In the United States, Canada,
Bermuda, Puerto Rico and certain Caribbean islands. The NANP format is a 10-
digit number that consist of a 3-diglt NPA Code (commonly referred to as the
area code), followed by a 3-dlgit NXX code and 4 digit llne number.
z.ao NetworK Element
Shall have the meaning stated in the Act
2.86 NIO (Network Interface Device}.
The Verizon provided interface terminating Verizon's Telecommunications
network on the property where the Customer's service Is located at a point
aeterminea t>y Venzon. Ttle NID contains an FCC Part 68 registered Jack rrom
which Inside Wire may be connected to Verizon's network.
2.87 911/E-911 Call(s).
Call{s) made by the Neutral Tandem end user by dialing the three digit telephone
number "911" to facilitate the reporting of an emergency requiring response by a
public safety agency.
2.88 911/E-911 Service Provider.
• An entity authorized to provide 911/E-911 network and database services within
a particular jurisdiction .
2.89 Non-Revertive.
Where traffic is redirected to a protection line because of failure of a working line
and the working line is repaired, traffic will remain on the protection line until
there is either manual intervention or a failure of the protection line.
2.90 NPA (Numbering Plan Area}.
Also sometimes referred to as an area code, is the first three-d!git indicator of
each 10-dicit telephone number within the NANP. There are two general
categories of NPA, "Geographic NPAs" and "Non-Geographic NPAs". A
Geographic NPA is associated with a defined geographic area, and alt telephone
numbers bearing such NPA are associated with services provided within that
geographic area. A Non-Geographic NPA, also known as a •service Access
Code" or "SAC Code" is typically associated with a specialized
Telecommunicatlons Service that may be provided across multiple geographic
NPA areas. 500, 700, 800, 888 and 900 are examples of Non-Geographic
NPAe.
2.91 NXX, NXX Code, Central Office Code or CO Code.
The three-digit switch entity indicator (i.e. the first three digits of a seven-digit
telephone number).
2.92 Order.
• An order or application to provide, change or terminate a Service {including, but
not limited to, a commitment to purchase a stated number or minimum number of
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 37

•
lines ~r other Services for a stated period or minimum period of time).
Z.93 Originating SWltched Access Detail Usage Data •
. -
A category 1101XX record as defined in the EMI Telcordla Practice BR--010~20()..
010.
2.94. POr (Point of Interconnection).
The physical location where the Parties' respective facllltles physically
Interconnect for the purpose of mutually exchanging their traffic. As set forth In
the Interconnection Attachment, a Point of Interconnection shall be at (I) a
technically feasible point on Verlzon's network in a l.ATA and/or (II) a fiber meet
point to which the Parties mutually agr.ee under the terms of this Agreement. By
way of example, a technlcally feasible Point of Interconnection on Ve.rizon's
network In a LATAwould Include an applicable Verizon Tandem Interconnection
Wire Center or Verizon End Office Interconnection Wire Center but,
-. notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or otherwise, would not
inclUde a Ne~I Tandem Interconnection Wire Center, Neutral Tandem.switch
ot any portion of a transport facility provided by Verizon to Neutral Tandem or
aooth.er party between (x) a Verizon Interconnection Wire Center or switch and
(y) the Interconnection Wire Center or switch of Neutral Tandem or another party.
2.95 Primary Reference Source.
Equipment that provides a timing signal to synchronize network elements.
•
- 2.96 PrlnclpalDocurnent
This document, including, but not limited to, the Title Page, the Table of
Contents, the Preface, the General Terms and ·Conditions, the slgnatare page,
this Glossar'y, the Attachments, and the Appendices to the Attachments.
2.97 Providing Party.
. . A Party offering or providing a Service to the other P~rty under this Agreement
2.96 PSAP.
Public Safety An~wering Point
2:99 Pu~aslng Party.
A Party requesting or recelvlng a Service from the other .Party under this
AgreellltM'lt
. .
.2.1.00- Quanfylng UNE.
An unbundled Network Element or a combination of unbundled Network
..
Elements obtained, pursuant to the Federal Unbundl~. Rules, under this
~reement or a Verizon UNE Tariff.
2.101 Qualifying Wholesale Services.
Wholesale services obtained from Venzon under a Verizon access Tariff or a
separate wholesa~ agr.eement. •
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doC: 38
. :1

•
2.102 Rate Center Area.
The geographic area that has been identified by a given LEC as being
associated with a particular NPA-NXX co9e assigned to the LEC for its provision
of Telephone Exchange Services. The Rate Center Area ls the exclusive
geographic area that the LEC has identified as the area within which it will
provide Telephone Exchange Services bearing the particular NPA-NXX
designation associated with the specific Rate Center Area.
2.103 Rate Center Point
A specific geographic point. defined by a V&H coordinate, located within the Rate
Center Area and used to measure distance for the purpose of billing for distance
sensitive Telephone Exchange Services and Toil Traffic. Pursuant to Telcordia
Practice BR-795-100-100, the Rate Center Point may be an End Office location,
or a •LEC Consortium Point Of Interconnection."
2.104 Rate Demarcation Point
The physical point in a Verizon provided network .facility at which Verizon's
responsibility for maintaining that network facility ends and the Customer's
responsibll!ty for maintaining the remainder of the facility begins, as set forth in
this Agreement Verlzon's applicable Tariffs, if any, or as otherwise prescribed
under Applicable Law.
2.105 Reciprocal Compensation.
•
The arrangement for recovering, in accordance with Section 251(b)(5) of the Act,
the FCC Internet Order, and other applicable FCC orders and FCC Regulations,
costs incurred for the transport and tennlnation of Reciprocal Compensation
Traffic originating on one Party's network and terminating on the other Party's
network (as set forth In Section 7 of the Interconnection Attachment).
2.106 Reciprocal Compensation Traffic.
Telecommunications traffic originated by a customer of one Party on that Party's
network and terminated to a Customer of the other Party on that other Party's
network, except for Telecommunications traffic that is interstate or intrastate
Exchange Access, Information Access, or exchange services for Exchange
Access or Information Access. The determination of whether
T elecomfllunications traffic is Exchange Acress or Information Access shall be
based upon Verizon's local calling areas as defined by Verizon. Reciprocal
. ~mpensation Traffic does not include the following traffic (It being understood
that certain traffic types will fall Into more than one ( 1} of the categories below
that do not constitute Reciprocal Compensation Traffic): (1} any Internet Traffic;
(2} traffic that does not originate and tenninate within the same Verizon local
calling area as defined by Verizon, and based on the actual originating and
terminating points of the complete end-to-end communication; (3) Toll Traffic,
including, but not limited to, calls originated on a 1+ presubscrlption basis, or on
a casual dialed (10XXX/101XXXX) basis; (4) Optional Extended Local Calling
Scope Arrangement Traffic; (5) special a~ss. private line, Frame Relay, AT M,
or any other traffic that is not switched by the terminating Party; (6) Tandem
Transit Traffic; (7) Voice Information Service Traffic (as defined In Section 5 of
the Additional Services Attachment); or, (8) Virtual Foreign Exchange Traffic (or
V/FX Traffic) (as defined in the Interconnection Attachment). For the purposes of
this definition, a Verizon local calling area Includes a Verizon non-optional
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc gg
I
.J

•
Extended Local Calling Scope Arrangement. but does not Include a Verizon
optional Extended Local Calling Scope Arrangement
2.107 Retall Prices.
The prices at which a Service Is provided by Verizon at retail to subscribers whQ
are not Telecommunicatlons·carrlers.
2.108 Routing Point
A specific geographic point Identified by a specific V&H coordinate. The Routing
Point Is used to route Inbound traffic to specified NPA~XX:s. The Routing Point
must be located within the LATA In which the corresponding NPA--NXX Is
located. However, the Routing Point associated with each NPA-NXX need not
be the same as the corresponding Rate Center Point, normust.lt be located
within the corresponding Rate Center Area, nor must there be a unique and
separate Routing Point corresponding to each unique and separate Rate Center
Area.
2.109 Service.
Any Interconnection-arrangement, Network Element, Telecommunlcatlons
Service, collocation arrangement, or other servlcet faclllty or arrangement,
_offered by a Party under this Agreement
2.110 [Intentionally Left Blank].
2.111 SS7 (Slgnatrng System 7). •
The common channel out.of-band signaling protocol developed by the
Consultative Committee for International Telephone and-Telegraph (CCITT) and
the American Nation~! Standards \nstitute (ANS\}. Verizon and Neutral Tandem
utilize this out..qf-band si·gnaling protocol .in relation to their routing ahd
completion of traffic.
2.112 Subsidiary,
A corporation or other person that is controlled by a Party.
2.113 Sub-Loop Distribution ·Facility.
A two-wire or fOl;lr..wlra mE1tallic distribution facility in Ver!Zon's network between a
Verizon feeder .distribution Interface {"FOi") ancf ttie Rate Demarcation Point for
such facility (or NID If the NID ls located at such Rate Demarcation Point).
2.114 Switched Exctiange Access Service.
The offering of transmission and switching services for the purpose of the
origination or tennination of Toll Traffic. SWltched Exchange Access Services
Include but may not be limited to: Feature Group-A, Feature Group B. Feature
Group 0, 700 access, 800 access, 888 access and 900 access.
2.115 Tandem.
A switching entity that has billing and recording capabllltles and Is used to
connect and swltch trunk circuits between and among End Offices and between •
and among End Offices and carriers' aggregation points, points of t,rmlnatio".l, or
NT PAe·Compva.1 09282007f.doc 40

•
points of presence, and to provide Switched Exchange Access Services.
Sometimes this term is used to refer to a telephone company bullding in which
switching systems and telephone equipment are installed.
2.116 Tariff.
2.116.1 Any applicable Federal or state tariff of a Party, as amended from time
to~me; or
2.116.2 Any standard agreement or other document, as amended from time to
time, that sets forth the generally available terms, conditions and prices
under which a Party offers a Service.
The term "Tariff' does not include any Verizon Statement of Generally Available
Terms (SGAT) which has been approved or is pending approval by the
Commission pursuant to Section 252(f) of the Act
2.117 Telcordia Technologies.
Telcordia Technologies, Inc., formerly known as Bell Communications Research,
Inc. (Bellcore).
2.118 Telecommunications Carrier.
Shall have the meaning set forth In the Act
•
2.119 Telecommunications Services.
Shall have the meaning set forth in the Act
2.120 Telephone Exchange Service.
Shall have the meaning set forth In the Act.
2.121 Terminating Switched Access Detail Usage Data.
A category 1101.XX record as defined in the EMI Telcordia Practice BR-010-200-
010.
2.122 Third Party Claim.
A Claim where there is (a) a claim, demand, suit or action by a person who Is not
a Party, (b) a settlement with, judgment by, or liability to._ a person who is not a
Party, or (c) a fine or penalty imposed by a person who Is not a Party.
2.123 Toll Traffic.
Traffic that Is originated by a Customer of one Party on that Party's network and
tenninates to a Customer of the other Party on that other Party's network and is
not Reciprocal Compensation Traffic, Measured Internet Traffic, or Ancillary
Traffic. Toll Traffic may be either "lntraLATA Toll Traffic" or "lnterLATA Toll
Traffic". depending on whether the originating and terminating points are within
tnesameLATA
• 2.124 Toxic or Hazardous Substance.
Any substance designated or defined as toxic or hazardous under any
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 41

•
"Environmental Law" or that poses a risk to human health or safety, or the
environment,. and products and materials containing such substance.
"Environmental Laws" me"ns the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation. and Liability Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right
to-Know Act, the Water Pollution Control Act, the Air Pollution Control Act, the
Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the
Occupational Safety and Health Act, and all other Federal, State or local laws or
g0vemmental regulations or requirements, that are slmllar to the abov&
referenced laws or that otherwise govern ref eases, chemicals, products,
materials or wastes that may pose risks to human. health· or safety, or the
environment, or that relate to the protection of wetlands or other natural
resources.
2.125 Traffic Factor 1.
via
· For traffic exchanged Interconnection Trunks, a percentage calculated by
diVidlng the number of minutes of interstate traffic (excluding Measur.ed Internet
Traffic) -by the total number of minutes of Interstate and intrastate traffic.
([Interstate Traffic Total Minutes of Use {excludlng Measured Internet Traffic
Total Minutes of Use} +{Interstate Traffic Total Minutes of Use+ Intrastate Traffic
Total Minutes of Use}] x 100). Until the form of a Party's bills 1$ updated to use
the term "Traffic Factor 1,• the term "Traffic Factor 1" may be referred to on the
Party's bills and In billing related communications as "Percent Interstate Usage"
orMPIU:
2.126 Traffic Factor 2. ·
For traffic exchanged via l'nterconnection Trunks, a· pereentage calculated by •
dividing the combined to.tal number of minutes of Reciprocal Compensation
Traffic and Measur~ Internet Traffic by the combined total number of minutes of
Intrastate traffic and Measured Internet Traffic. ([{Reciprocal Compensation
Traffic Total Minutes of Use+ Measured Internet Traffic Total Minutes of Use}+
{Intrastate Traffic Total Minutes of Use+ Measured Internet Traffic T-otal Minutes
of Use}] x 100). Until the form of a Party's bnts ls updated to use the term "Traffic
Factor 2,··the term "Traffic Factor 2" may be referted to on the Party's blHs and In
billing related communications as •Percent Local Usage• or •pLU:
2.127 . Triennial Review Remand Order (TRRO).
cc
The FCC's Order on Remand in WC Docket No. 04-313 and Docket No. 01~
· -338, r~ ooFebruary-4, 2005.
2.128 Trunk Side.
A Central Office Switch connection that is capable of, and·h as been programmed
to treat the circuit as, connecting to another switching entity, for example, to
another carrier's network. Trunk side connections offer those transmission and
signaling features appropriate for the connection of switching entftles and cannot
be used for the direct connection of ordinary telephone station sets.
2.129 UOLC (Universal Digital Loop Carrier).
UDLC arrangements consist of a Central Office Terminal and a Remote Terminal
located In the outside plant or at a Customer premises. The Central Office and
•
the Remote Terminal units perform analog to digital conversions to allow th~
feeding facility to be dlgftal. UDLC is deployed where the types of services to be
NT"PAe Comp113.~ 09282007f.doc-
----··------------------------------

•
provisioned by the systems cannot be integrated such as non-switched services
and UNE Loops.
2.130 UNE Wire Center.
Shall have the same meaning as "Wire Center" set forth in 47 C.F .R. § 51.5.
2.131 V and H Coordinates Method.
A method of computing airline miles between two points by utilizing an
established formula that is based on the vertical and horizontal coordinates of the
two points.
2.132 Voice.Grade.
Either an analog signal of 300 to 3000 Hz or a digital signal of 56/64 kilobits per
second. When referring to digital Voice Grade service (a 56-64 kbps channel),
the terms "DSO" or "sub-DS1" may also be used.
2.133 xDSL
As defined and offered in this Agreement. The small "x" before the letters DSL
signifies reference to DSL as a generic transmission technology, as opposectto a
specific DSL "flavor."
•
•
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 43

•
ADDITIONAL SERVIC~S ATTACHMENT
1 ~ Alternate Biiied Calls
t .1 The Parties will engage in settlements of1ntral.AT A intrastate alternate-billed
calls~' collect. calllng card, and third-party billed caUs} originated or
authorized by their respective Customers In accordance with an arrangement
m~tually a9reed to by the Parties.
2. D~allng Parity· Section 251(b)(3)
Each Party shall provide the other Party with nondlscnmlnat6ry acce5s to such services
and Information as are necessary to allow the other Party to Implement local Dialing
Parity In accordance with the requirements of Section 251(b)(3) of1he Act.
3. ['rhi• Section lnt•ntlonally Left Blank)
...
Directory Listing and Directory Distribution
T-o the extent required by Applicable Law, Verizon will provide directory services to
Neutral Tandem. Such services wlll be provided In accordance with the terms set focth
herein.
4.1 Listing lnfonnatlon.
•
As used herein, uustlng Information• means a Neutral Tandem Customer's
primary name, address (including city, state and zip code), telephone. number(s),
tile delivery address and number of directories to be delivered, and, in the case
of a business Customer, the primary business heading under which the business
Customer desires to be placed, and any other Information Verizon deems
necessary for the publloatton and delivery of ~lrectodes.
4.2 Listing Information Supply.
Neutral Tandem shall provide to Verizon on-a regulady scheduled basis, at no
charge, and ln a format required by Verizon or by a mutually agreed upon
Industry standard (e.g., Ordering and Bllllng Forum developed) all Listing
Information and the service address for each Neutral Tandem C~tomer whose
service address location falls within the geographic area covered by the relevant
Verizon directory. Neutral Tandem shall also provide to Verizon on a daPy basis:
(a)'lnformation shewing Neutral Tandem Customers who have disconnected or
terminated their service with ·Neutral Tandem; and (b) delivery information for
each non-listed or non-published Neulral Tandem Customer to enable Verizon to
perform Its directOfY distribution responslbllltles. Verizon shall promptiy provide
to Neutral.Tandem (normally within fQrty..alght (48) hours of receipt by Verizon,
excluding non-business days) a query on any listing that is not acceptable.
4.3 Ustlng Inclusion and Distribution.
Verizon shall Include each Neutral Tandem Customer's primary listing in the
appropriate alphabetical directory and, for business Customers, In the
appropriate classified (Yellow Pages} directory In accordance with the directory
configuration, scope and schedules determined by Verizon in Its sole discretion,
•
and shall pr.ovlde ln!Oal distribution of such directories to such Neutral Tandem
Customers In the same manner It provides Initial distribution of such directories to
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc

•
its own Customers. "Primary Listing• means a customer's primary name,
address, and telephone number. Listings of Neutral Tandem's Customers shall
be interfiled with listings of Verizon's Customers and the Customers of other
LECs included in the Verizon directories. Neutral Tandem shall pay Verlzon's
Tariffed charges for additional, foreign, and other listings products (as
documented in local Tariff) for Neutral Tandem's Customers.
4.4 Verizon Information.
Upon request by Neutral Tandem, Verizon shall make available to Neutral
Tandem the following Information to 1he extent that Verizon provides sucb
information to Its own business offices: a directory list of relevant NXX codes,
directory and CUstomer Guide close dates, and Yellow Pages headings. Verizon
shall also make available to Neutral Tandem, on Verizon's Wholesale website
(or, at Verizon's option, in writing) Verizon's directory listings standards and
specifications.
4.5 Confidentiality of Listing Information.
Verizon shall accord Neutral Tandem Listing Information the same level of
confidentiality that Verizon accords its own listing information, and shall U$0 such
Listing Information solely for the purpose of providing directory-related services;
provided, however, that should Verizon elect to do SQ, it may use or license •
Neutral Tandem Listing Information for directory publishing, direct marketing, or
any other purpose for which Verizon uses or licenses its own listing information,
• so Jong as Neutral Tandem Customers are not separately identified as such; and
provided further that Neutral Tandem may identify those.of Its customers who
request that their names not be sold for direct marketing purposes and Verizon
shall honor such requests to the same extent that it does for its own Customers.
Verizon shall not be obligated to compensate Neutral Tandem for Verizon's use
or licensing of Neutral Tandem Listing Information.
4.6 Accuracy.
Both Parties shaD use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the accurate
publication of Neutral Tandem Customer listings. At Neutral Tandem's request,
Verizon shall provide Neutral Tandem with a report of all Neutral Tandem
Customer listings In a reasonable tlmeframe prior to the service order close date
for the applicable directory. Verizon shall process any corrections made by
Neutral Tandem with respect to its listings, provided-such.corrections are
received prior to-the close date of the partielllar· directory.
4.7 Indemnification.
Neutral Tandem shall adhere to all practices, standards~ and ethical
requirements established by Verizon with regard to listings. By providing Verizon
with Listing Information, Neutral Tandem warrants to Verizon that Neutral
Tandem has the right to provide such Ustlng lnformatron to Verizon on behalf of
its Customers. . Neutral Tandem shall make commerclaHy reasonable efforts to.
ensure that any business or person to be listed is authorized and has 1he right (a}
to provide the product or service offered, and (b) to use any personal or
corporate name, trade name, trademark, service mark or language used in the
listing. Neutral Tandem agrees to release, defend, hold harmless and indemnify
• Verizon from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, suits, or other
actions, or any liability whatsoever, suffered, made, instituted, or asserted by .any
NT PAe Compvs:1 09282007f.doc 45

•
person arising out of Verizon's publication or dissemination of the Ustlng
·Information as provided by Neutral Tandem hereunder.
4.8 Uab1Rty.
Verizon's llablllty to Neutral Tandem In the event sf a Verizon error In or omission
of a Neutral Tandem Customer listing shall not exceed the amount actually paid
by Neutral Tandem to Verizon for such listing. Neutral Tandem agrees to take all
reasonable steps, Including, but not limited to, entering Into appropriate
contractual provisions with Its Customers, to ensure that Its and Verlzon's liability
to Neutral Tandem's Customers In the event of a Verizon error In or omission of a
listing shaR be subject to the same limitations of liability applicable between
Verizon and Its own C1,1_storners as set forth 1n Verlzon'.s applicable Tariffs.
·4.~ Service Information Pages.
Verizon shall Include all Neutral Tandem NXX codes associated with the
geographic areas to which each directory pertains, to the extent It does so for
Verizon's own NXX codes, in any lists of such codes that are contained in the
general reference portion of each directory. Neutral Tandem's NXX codes shall
appear In such lists In the same manner as Verizon's NXX information. In
addition, when Ne4tral Tandem is "uthorlzed to, .and Is offering, local service to
Customers l~ted within the geographic area covered by a specific dlrector'Y, at
Neutral Tandem's request, Verizon shall Include, at no charge, In the "Customer
Gulde" or comparable section of the applicable alphabetical directories, Neutral
Tandem's critical contact Information for Neutral Tandem's Installation, repair and
Customer service, as provided by Neutral Tandem. Such critical contact
information shall appear alphabetically by local exchange carrier-and In •
accordance with Vertzon's generally appllcable policies. Neutral Tandem shall
be responsible for providing the necessary information to Verizon by the
applicable close date fer each affected directory,
4.1 O Directory Publication.
Nothing In this Agreement shall require Venzon to publish a directory where it
would not otherwise do so.
4.11 Other Directory Services.
Neutral Tandem acknowledges that if Neutral. Tandem desires dfrectOry services
In add!Uon ta those described herein, such additional services must be obtained
under separate agreement with Verlzon's directory publishing company.
·5, Voice Information Service Trafftc
· 5.1 For purposes of this Section 5, (a) Voice Information Service means a servlce
-that provides [I] recorded voice annoancement Information or 01) a vocal
discussion program .open to the public, and (b) Voice Information Service Traffic
means lntralATA swltchecl voice traffic, deflvered to a Voice Information Service.
Voice Information·S ervice Traffic does not inolude any form of Internet Traffic.
Voice fnformatlon Service Traffic also does notl nclude 555 traffic or similar traffic
with AIN service lnferfa~s. which traffic shaH·b e subject to separate
arrangements between the Parties. Voice Information Service Traffic Is not
subject to Reclp~I Compensation charges under Section 7 of the
Interconnection Attachment
Nt PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc

•
5.2 ff a Neutral Tandem Customer is served by resold Verizon dial tone line
Telecommunications Service, to the extent reasonably feasible, Verizon will route
Voice Information Service Traffic originating from such Service to the appropriate
Voice Information Service connected to Verizon's network unless a feature
blocking such Voice Information Service Traffic has been installed. For such
Voice Information Service Traffic, Neutral Tandem shall pay to Verizon without
discount any Voice Information Service provider charges billed by Verizon to
Neutral Tandem. Neutral Tandem shall pay Verizon such charges In full
regardless of whether or not Neutral Tandem collects such charges from its
Customer.
5.3 Neutral Tandem shall have the option to route Voice Information Service Traffic
that originates on .Its own network to the appropriate Voice Information Service
connected to Verizon's network. In the event Neutral Tandem exercises such
option, Neutral Tandem will establish, at its own expense, a dedicated trunk
group to the Verizon Voice Information Service serving switch. This trunk group
will be utilized to allow Neutral Tandem to route Voice Information Service Traffic
originated on its network to Verizon. For such Voice Information Service Traffic,
unless Neutral Tandem has entered into a written agreement with Verizon under
which Neutral Tandem will collect from Neutral Tandem's Customer and remit to
Verizon the Voice Information Service provider's charges, Neutral Tandem shall
pay to Verizon without discount any Voice Information Service provider charq,es
billed by Verizon to Neutral Tandem. Neutral Tandem shall pay Verizon such
charges in full regardless of whether or not Neutral Tandem collects such
charges from Its own Customer.
•
6. Intercept and Referral Announcements
6.1 When a Customer changes its service provider from Verizon to Neutral Tandem,
or from Neutral Tandem to Verizon, and does not retain its original telephone
number, the Party formerly providing service to such Customer shall provide a
referral announcement ("Referral Announcemenf') on the abandoned telephone
number which provides the Customer's new number or other appropriate
information, to the extent known to the Party formerly providing service.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Party shall not be obligated under this Section
to provide a Referral Announcement if the Customer owes the Party unpaid
overdue amounts or the Customer requests that no Referral Announcement be
provided.
6.2 Referral Announcements shall be provided, In the case of business Customers,
for a period of not less than·o ne hqndred and twenty ( 120) days after the date the
Customer changes its telephone number, and, in the case of residential
Customers, not Jess than thirty (30) days after the date the Customer changes its
telephone number; provided that if a longer time period is required by Applicable
Law, such longer time period shall apply. Except as otherwi~ provided by
Applicable Law, the period for a referral may be shortened by the Party formerly
providing service if a number shortage condition requires reassignment of the
telephone number.
6.3 This referral announcement will be provided by each Party at no charge to the
other Party; provided that the Party formerly providing service may bill the
Customer its standard Tariff charge, If any, for the referral announcement.
7. Originating Line Number Screening (OLNS)
•
Upon Neutral Tandem's request, Verizon will update its database used to provide
originating line number screening (the database of information which indicates to an
NT PAe Compv3.1 09282007f.doc 47